2 ABC of H.k. and China revised vision.
Barrels tears are wines and salts.
With a whisk on goody tails!
Wiggle maces to fix the heads.
Heads in jack on boxes are ceased.
Cry to paranoid truly bosses.
Bosses are jokers take your boys.
Studs are bogs with fire apples.
True predicates worth cases.’
Descents wash in badly bands.
Wholly sales are smart with cats.
Who got tenth honors in China?
Homage grand to play and plays!
Trim the times of hearts then cry.
Tanks in steels but voice wail.
Bossy dragged by tails that whisked.
Go very timid and love the wise.
Hands are lent but laws are ends.
Cases on courts are borrowed lands.
Length long with treads to retch!
Straps on times and watch here.
Arrays tanks but all are men.
Cross all suctions steal the ends.
Cave on minds are cages on objects.
Rouser rockets powers holes.
Confine curses to stop our wounds.
Whirl your bodies and jump on grounds.
Crouch of soldiers after kicks with flings.
Block one leg and hit the middle.
Cauchy3 know the tricks to kill.
Threaten weak oppressed ill.
Surpass scores are bad in honors.
Wash to think that build the homes.
Angel sins but cauchy3 has funs.
Make ones tools when hats are found.
Worlds are drawers on bottom noses.
Singular ugly piece is rose.
Wily mores are teeth of sharks.
Saw with tooth is laws in arts.
Artful men power with grids.
Bodies stamped and wills are ridden.
Sign in forth with battles conquered.
Triumphs on candles whip the stands.
Soups are soaps and faiths not come.
We are meats in balls and rice to constants.
---Cheung Shun Sang=Cauchy3---Apparently life without love, is no life at all.
Become an advocate of true love.
Control your innermost emotions.
Decide your worth, fulfill your desires.
Written:  Oct.16/06A abc angles on angels flaws (poem)
Mix with means and assets
Passive and active to abase the men
Heels and knees rent for renown
Breeds the breads to be demanded
Assert to assist by blocks of boards
Necks and necks to bad affairs
Moneys pay for debts in doubles
Laws are raw to protect with doubts
Shams are shames to have costs
Shams on sheets incubated courses
Lack of actions to freedoms and justices
Nouns are in ounces and loves are in pounds
Control the concepts of wielding guns
Control the concepts of smith for guns
Put the concepts of tyrants on hell
To hell real tyrants have helps
Hounds and eagles should focus on hunting
Expect the evils to be saints on junctions
Axes and awls are lying below
Awnings are answers with piss and pee
Peek on peaks of powers to be laws
Whales on whips are wheat to sharks
Weeps when sweep in clocks of Gods
Corrections of cotillions like hoofs
Zeroes in zeal for facts and morals
Morales are guns that march and move
Laws are lost and twist a lot
Terms in targets have not effects in long
Stay in dark or run from dart.
Stray to cycles of cruel ranges
Laws as can be rights are none
Table lands are tables with spoons
Monks have manners to list on tables
Jack apples are appetites on tabs
Whales on whips are wheat to sharks
Baby fishes are preys in bays
To be back in the passes to wash by bloods
In themes of theory our rights are loud
Next days are dated with truths or false
Flaws in angles of angels are small
Wings when wink to rains give no shelters
Bloods are buses to carry to hell
Wash their shames but leave our rights
A network of flatterers is in wires
--Political poem by Cheung Shun Sang=Cauchy3--A abc Brazil dance (poem)
Jack of crack in pots of crack
Sambas have bugs on figs that take
My heart has unseen bugs in acting
Ghosts haunt in cavern with heal
Empty stream in holes to steal
Barrow has one wheel for near
Wheel and deal are those on top
Tares are on suits but meadows are women
Dilate the prizes of prides on top
We are all cogs to tone
Harps be fine and fingers be good
Jacks play with their fingers on goods
The sun on Asia sky may be red
Give the logistics are logics to pets
Patterns of Gods are king s bodies.
Launch the papers on lunches to bowls
That faces of poets help to smiles
Admire the distances from hade to a mile
Pleasures of leaders are earned by rows
Would there be sweats on brows when bow
Pietisms on parts are wholesome in vices.
Wise in acre but bully to eyes
Rusts are here yellows are pearls
Dittos on powers but flaw to react
Crooks roll your minds with hopes
Cogs in times lead us homes
Straps on times watch ones feet
Even are evil while equal are eerie
Only our planet with one sun
Falcons are slow down on bushes
Salty weathers salute to soldiers
Sambas of fortunes have just to sold
Passes on stages are passages to fires
Books on accounts are moneys to fine
Sambas of fortunes have just to sold
Sambas of fortunes have just to sold
Vectors pf suns are heats and flames
Bind to lines on sky when claimed
Plash and slash on lakes when free.
Brazil should breach on tank s wheels
Stand off and away from tanks
Red suns have white heats
Friends for wines and for wench
Stand away from tanks ends
--Political poem by Cheung Shun Sang=Cauchy3--The ABC was our song, we'd hummed it together
the night we'd met. We couldn't believe we knew it too.
Then the plastic snail came along with its Hawking recording -
we rolled him to the cat tray on his yellow wheels.
Together we sang the melodic sequins of it opening
the ups & downs of each cadence Aaa Bee Cee Dee Eee Fff Ggg
and stuck with it through the military rattle of l,m,n,o,p,
to where it begins to fall apart in Tourette's phonetics
and never recovers. The ‘and' between ‘Y and Z'
is an affront to the tonally deaf. It becomes like jazz
- in its aleatory nonsense - and we fuckin hated jazz.
But I loved that song, I thought it was ours.A poem is not more absurd
Because its title is no word:
And yet that title, although small,
Is the great fountain whence spring all.
From this most copious source we'll draw
Youth, beauty, wedlock, love, and law.
The two extremes we'll surely find.
Which please and which torment the mind
For if we love and law can trace
'Twill be sufficient for our case.
A parson's work it nicely fits,
Who often join two opposites.
Nothing on earth the heart can move
To pleasure, like that passion love.
It reigns triumphant in the breast;
Supports and governs all the rest.
But Law's a monster that devours
The choicest comfort of your hours.
All other mischiefs may keep off;
Involv'd in law, you've plague enough,
This maxim then admits no doubt,
He who is in would fain be out.
Long dissertations are absurd--
We'll close without another word.
THE SECOND PART
As much of love shall now be told
As ever A. B. C. can hold.
That urchin Cupid knows his duty;
He'll always shoot a heart for beauty;
This he more eagerly will deign,
Because he seldom shoots in vain.
If Plutus too should give a nod,
He's willing to obey the god;
For wealth and charms in any state
Most certainly will captivate.
But if Miss Prudence claims his care,
'He seldom has a dart to spare.'
Thus what should merit most respect
Is apt to meet with most neglect.
Of all the pictures earth can boast,
A handsome woman pleases most;
And the most powerful she appears
Over fourteen or fourscore years.
The moment you a sight can have,
That moment you become her slave.
The looker-on is all on fire
Either with wonder or desire;
Supremely then is beauty bless'd;
No creature is like her caress'd.
But view the fair in her last stage,
Struggling with long decays of age,
When kind assistance is most needed,
There's not a soul so little heeded.
The picture's dash'd, no pity's nigh,
The looker-on turns off his eye:
In solitude she may abide;
Her sov'reign powers are laid aside.
That which was most of all high-priz'd.
Is now the most of all dispis'd.
Only three persons we'll engage,
By summons to adorn our page;
And all their names must secret be
Close shelter'd under A. B. C.
Miss A. was tall, and mov'd with grace;
Strait, and most beautiful of face;
To much good-nature was inclin'd;
It play'd both in her face and mind:
No wonder then, in deep surprize,
B fell a victim to her eyes;
For when those eyes but gave a glance,
A lover fell-you'd think, by chance.
But, should you doubt, then take a view,
You'd see her powers--and feel them too:
For, like a power that's magical,
Spite of yourself you're sure to fall.
In lover's eyes are plainly seen
The language that is held within.
With bowing, smiling, on his part,
He found the road that reach'd her heart;
While she, a stranger to disdain,
Would never let him sue in vain;
But, form'd for love, she, without guile,
Sweetly return'd him smile for smile.
Should, by her eyes, a lover drop,
She well knew how to raise him up.
Or, if he should a wound endure,
She'd perfectly perform a cure.
That state of bliss is half divine
When two bright flames in one shall join.
Can greater happiness remain
Than love, and be belov'd again?
When two folks are to union prone,
Then Hymen's cause moves gently on.
To grasp his torch he will not faulter,
That he may light them to the altar.
Examine whether 'tis in case right,
Give it a rap to make it blaze bright.
The banns put up, the ring was there,
The bride in satin would appear.
Now all the joyous blessings flow,
Except that time mov'd rather slow.
When most delicious fruit is nigh
It strongly tempts the stander-by;
And if no obstacle is near,
It is not easy to forbear.
What motive was there to have staid
Until the parson grace had said:
Our happy B those joys possess'd
Design'd to make a husband bless'd.
When a stale lover nothing wants,
Because he's all the sex e'er grants,
Would he call his a happier lot
After the priest had tied the knot?
For all that ever law has made
Only a licence is to trade.
No further pleasure B could know;
She no more pleasure could bestow:
A secret coldness was th' effect,
Succeeded by a small neglect.
His eyes, which met her eyes with glee,
Now rang'd a foot below her knee.
A conduct slighting he shew'd to her
More like a husband than a wooer.
The day pass'd by, indiff'rence planted,
Ring, gown, and parson, were not wanted.
'And, as the bell for supper rings,
I'll stop to say no more fine things.'
THE THIRD PART
Both law and love compose the past;
Poetic justice comes at last.
Love, like a blooming rose, is press'd
Within the precincts of the breast.
The owner often casts an eye,
Delighted with the pleasing toy.
Perhaps an hour it may not rest
Till planted in a second breast.
So on, from breast to breast it flies;
Wanting a prudent root it dies.
A young and handsome man was C;
The friend and intimate of B:
They oft converse, and notes compare,
Of laurels gather'd from the fair.
Between these two it was agreed
'That B should be compleatly freed
Of beauteous A; and C should take her
While B for ever should forsake her.
That as the banns 'twixt A and B
Stood in the church, they'd serve for C;
By which they'd save expence and time,'
And I procure a word to rhime.
Whether Miss A ponder'd a while on't
We cannot say; history is silent:
Yet no more grief appear'd to view
Than changing an old gown for new.
But now to church went A and C,
And married in the name of B.
The joyous day gave great delight;
Perhaps more joyous was the night;
But, like his predecessor, he
Cropp'd the ripe fruit, and left the tree:
For soon with matrimony cloy'd
He turn'd his tail upon the bride.
What though his conduct was absurd,
It left her ready for a third.
Nor can we think much hard her case
Who still commanded half the race.
Her beauty'd such a powerful sway
'Twould pick a man up ev'ry day.
Now while Miss A'd no husband near
She liv'd a life of 'as it were.'
Her person to support in state
Was much inclin'd to run in debt;
And when we debts contract, they say,
The time will come when we should pay.
But if neglect be on our side
Compulsive methods must be tried.
For common justice holds this tone,
'That ev'ry man should have his own.'
In vain for cash Miss A being sought
Was to the Court of Conscience brought.
The plaintiff thus the fair pursued,
In C's surname Miss A was sued.
The crowd, surpriz'd, began to stare
That so much beauty enter'd there.
Nay, cold Commissioners, 'tis true,
Would lick their lips and steal a view.
Thaw'd from the ice by warm desire,
A frozen stick will catch the fire;
Disguise the passion how you will,
'Tis nature, and 'tis nature still.
But seniors are not apt to fall;
To look and lick their lips is all.
A lawyer made appearance there,
And loudly pleaded for the fair;
Arrang'd his tropes, his figures dress'd,
In lofty stile himself express'd:
And pray what lawyer would dispute
To plead his best in beauty's suit?
But what was his retaining fee
Is no concern to you or me.
He pleaded with decisive air;
Resolv'd to win the cause--and fair:
'That none an action can support
Against a wife in any court.
That though her marriage had a flaw
It perfectly was good in law;
For as the ritual she'd gone through,
A wife must be to one of two;
And that's her real husband still
With whom she said at church I will.
Then if the plaintiff will pursue,
The husband is the mark in view.'
The bench was then my sole delight;
My care was parting wrong from right.
As I sat president of three,
Decision was referr'd to me.
'Was perfect beauty ever made
To hawk its charms for want of trade?
We hope no great defect comes forth
To quash the sale of so much worth.
That she ne'er chang'd a marriage vow
With the first man, we all allow;
So far from marrying the dame,
He never to the altar came;
Nor once commission'd any one
By proxy, to make her his own.
Nor could she be by right fix'd there,
No, not if Madan held the chair;
For he'd suppose, without reflection,
This might not be her first connexion.
Survey the second husband's claim;
His title will be found the same:
He left both parties in the lurch,
And put a trick upon the church.
A name that's stolen appears to view;
Also a borrow'd person too.
No banns put up 'twixt C and A,
Which must to wedlock lead the way;
For this is what the law demands;
On this a union falls or stands;
Therefore, if marriage has a flaw,
It can't be ratified by law.
Then this assertion springs from all;
No man can this a wedding call:
Or, if it should that phrase invite,
'Tis but the wedding of a night;
Or like one that is hatch'd up quick
By dancing round a candlestick;
Or one of military stamp,
That's solemniz'd within a camp:
The loving couple's plighted word
Is only jumping o'er a sword;
That sword, intended to divide,
Will there unite, and make a bride.
Besides, when there appears demur,
We must consult the register;
And though there should B's name appear,
Yet B himself was never there;
and if for C you chuse to look,
His name was never in the book.
This wedding's founded on no laws;
We must, of course, dismiss the cause;
For as a husband A ne'er knew,
No husband can the plaintiff sue;
But if he will pursue his claim,
May still sue A in her own name.
There's one delightful word we see
Compos'd of our A B and C.
To girls, whose flimzy virtue lies
Quite dormant, and whose passions rise,
That dear word husband stands the first
Of all the alphabet can boast:
In that cornpriz'd is every thing
That either Heaven or Earth can bring;
But, when that blessing husband's granted,
Then ev'ry other blessing's wanted.'
A, rather out of credit grown,
Display'd her charms upon the town.
'But why in Birmingham appear
Among the dirty bunters there?
Whose manners are a foul disgrace;
A satire on the female race.
She might a constellation rise,
And figure in the London skies;
Could charms display as bright as any,
In evenings when it was not rainy.'
'Tis done--and she acquir'd renown,
As the first beauty on the town.
Dress'd in the pink, she took her stand
Among the ladies of the Strand.
Thus beauty, by imprudent steps,
To sure destruction slowly creeps.
For she, when to that bevy's got in,
Takes much about three years to rot in.
The silent priest
We'll tell simple truth, and our story comes pat,
No matter if acted in this age or that.
Dear Friend, let us saunter to Baxterly church,
Where good Mr. D--left himself in the lurch;
For there the gay hearer will, sure as a gun,
Meet with a sweet morsal of high-season'd fun.
The pray'rs being ended, and no blunder made,
The Clerk his desk mounted--he well knew his trade;
Two staves out of Sternhold he struck up compleat,
While climbing the pulpit the Priest took his seat.
Now heav'nly music, a Clerk's highest boast,
Calm'd every breast, but the Vicar's the most.
The psalm being over, deep silence came next;
Not a single breath sounded, expecting the text;
But, to the surprize of the serious and gay,
The Vicar himself was as silent as they;
For he'd dropt to sleep, being drench'd with mild ale,
And dream'd of full bumpers, the last night's regale;
Or, rather, till five in the morning had hanker'd,
Before he could find the last drop in the tankard.
Now the congregation became rather wild,
They look'd at the Priest, at each other, and smil'd.
If a shepherd should fall fast asleep in the day,
No wonder his flock goes a little astray.
Then Moses look'd up--'Sir, we've done,' cried Amen;
The Priest, half awake, replied, 'Fill it agen.'A nother poem—A different A isle
B olts of imagination that B eguile
C ollages formatting ABC C reativity
D escribing flights- visions D ifferently
E ntertainment, E njoyment to E ntice
F igures of illusion—F antacize
G olden lyrics G athering G ently
H idden meaning H alting H esitantly
I ncidental language with I ntent?
“K” marks my name—with “K” I’m “K” ontentABC... I can't go on
123... what's the next one?
My mind is scrambled
My heart is confused
You're holding on to me.
What do I do?
What's the next letter in my name?
What's the next emotion I'll exclaim?
A sound is part of a word and a word, a meaning
Just like you want to be part of me
And you are, though you can't see
Without you, darling, there is not me
I don't know which way is up
And without you, I don't feel much
You say 'I'm holding on, and I'm not letting go'
You said the same things to her, you know
Then you dropped her, just like that
And you'll leave me at the dropp of a hat
I know you say, it's not the same
But darling, i don't feel that way
I don't share your infatuation
You need a reevaluation
Of your emotions, stop for a minute. Think.
You won't get drunk if ya don't take a drink
Ya get me? understand, please
Please stop idolizing me!
Just because I'm saying no
Doesn't mean i'm playing hard-to-get
Sometimes, no means no, hun
That's something not to forget
ABC... I can't go on
123... what's the next one?
My mind is scrambled
My heart is confused
You're holding on to me.
What do I do?
What's the next letter in my name?
What's the next emotion I'll exclaim?
I'm being honest with you at best
Breaking the eroding heart inside my chest
What's the next letter in my name?
What's the next emotion I'll exclaim?
A sound is part of a word and a word, a meaning
Just like you want to be part of meAfter so many tribulations we all stand strong
Because we have faith and our stand will never be wrong
Crazy stupid weird and dumb is what they say
Do we listen, no because they don't understand our way
Even though it may seem strange there's nothing they can do
Fury is the way we feel when they say we're wrong too
Great wrath shall come upon them if they keep denying
However they try to persecute us it's them that will be dying
If ever I shall die because of my strong stand
Just know that my fellow followers will take the upper hand
Kill everyone that thinks they can destroy us
Let em by all their going to do is annoy us
Men, women, children time to prepare for the fight
Now is the time to take down anyone that comes into sight
Overall we have the advantage we have the strongest guild
People may think they can win cause they better know the field
Quiet their mouths and make them retreat
Run run run away as they suffer their defeat
Sound the alarms the battle has been won
The winner they sought out we were the one
Under no control of anyone but our reigning king
Vowed the day his servants will have a victory sing
We are victorious in everything we say and do
Xamine our way of teaching and you'll win too
Young and old people come together like a dream
Zero tolerance for the World of War craft dream team
PLEASE COMMENT!- A - Every Man Is a Child
Every man is a child of his dreams
Searching through each his going and true coming
From the days that have given some their deems
With each their lost and found in their fathoming
Rivers never go dry with understanding
Those that are found in the deep of the heart
Strange weirdness is there constantly demanding
Adventurous thoughts of their counterpart
Lives central things make the world go around
Like a simple smile shining through tomorrow
Where childhood happiness is often found
Even those that once were buried in sorrow
Before you judge any man try to love him
With your compassion in times turmoil's brim
- B - The Inside of Everything
The inside of everything's still glowing
With wonderments you can never be without
In a go to go it’s always there showing
To give you its promises with any doubt
Light of its sweetness that never goes away
In from your true and beautiful that's you
Playing on moments that feelings only play
Something in its times that is here new
The deep secrets from your heart and its beat
Like the rose buds in the thorns of their touch
That in your way of lives each to treat
Giving hope of much or only some of such
Everything that's from inside of the deep
From love and its feelings - for always to keep
- C - Those Times
Those times that is changing from young to old
In searching the world and looking around
The days of the new that no moments can hold
And you in your feeling have some there found
Like understandings of views that come and go
Drip of the times the lost in its looking
Past flowers in moment’s memories heigh-ho
That through your roots onward is on hooking
Playing eccentricities to make you feel good
Keeping you as child in life without reason
Each of its compensate and true brotherhood
Changing in adventurous for each season
The strangeness of the ways that love and give
A childhood of conquest to reinvent and live
*Written to this MJ portrait: http: //www.flickr.com/photos/benheine/3728685685/A. Amme.
En Amme gaaer i Søndagsklæder,
Og Andres Børn er hendes Hæder.
B. Bonde.
En Bonde før leed stor Fortræd,
Nu er han tidt for meget med!
C. Columbus.
Columbus over Havet foer,
Og Jorden den blev dobbelt stor!
D. Danmark.
Om Danmarks Rige Sagnet gaaer,
Gud ei sin Haand af Danmark slaaer!
E. Elephant.
En Elephant gaaer altid tungt,
Om ogsaa Hjertet det er ungt!
F. Formørkelse.
Formørkelse gjør Maanen godt,
Den gaaer saa længe med Kalot!
G. Galten.
Om Galten end faaer Ring i Næsen,
Han lærer ei det fine Væsen.
H. Hurra.
Tidt er et Hurra paa vor Jord
Et meget ubesindigt Ord!
J. Jord.
Vor Jord er vor Moder saa rund og saa stor,
Og vi gaae tilsidst igjen i vor Moer!
K. Ko. Kalv.
En Ko er Tyrens Madamme,
Og Kalven kan blive det samme!
L. Løve. Lorgnet.
Den vilde Løve har ei Lorgnet,
Det har den tamme i Nummer-Parquet.
M. Morgensol.
Op staaer den gyldne Morgensol,
Men ei fordi Gaardhanen goel.
N. Neger.
Sort er en Neger al sin Tid,
Ham kan man ikke vaske hvid.
O. Olieblad.
Det bedste Blad — ja veed Du hvad?
Det var dog Duens Olieblad.
P. Pande.
Tidt rummes i Menneskets Pande,
Hvad knap kan rummes i Tider og Lande.
Q. Qvæg.
At eie Qvæg er stort og godt,
Selv være Qvæg, det er kun smaat.
R. Rundetaarn.
Skjøndt man er skabt som Rundetaarn,
Er man derfor ei høivelbaar'n.
S. Sviin.
Lad det Dig ikke gjøre hoven,
At Du har mange Sviin paa Skoven.
T. Theekedel. Theemaskine.
Theekedlen fik kun Skortsteens-Rang,
Og har dog Theemaskinens Sang.
U. Uhret.
Skjønt Uhret stadigt slaaer og gaaer,
Midt i en Evighed man staaer!
V. Vaskebjørn.
En Vaskebjørn kan vaske Tingen
Saa længe, at den bliver ingen!
X. — -
I Ægteskabs-Sø skal der findes en Klippe,
Af Socrates blev den betegnet Xanthippe.
Y. Ygdrasil.
Under Ygdrasil-Træ var Gudernes Sted, -
Træet er dødt og Guderne med!
Æ. Æsel.
Et Æsel er et Æsel dog,
Om selv det gaaer med gyldent Skrog.
Ø. Østers.
En Østers har ikke til Verden Fiduus,
Den veed, man kan æde den ud af sit Huus!Ambition burned cupid destroying every feeling
Getting hungry injured judicial killing
Little men nagging over principals quickly
remembering stories tough under violence wickedly
X-raying yo zulu assassins by curin dangerous enemies
finally generatin' heavily incorruptible jittery Kiddies
Losin many nasty opposin peeps
Quietly run swiftly to utilize vacuous weeps
Xecute Yellow zone
Assassins aim at army animals air
Bringin bad boys back by BARE
Cussin continuously cause children cry
Dangerously desire dat day dey die
Enormous economic explosion end
finally finding fantastic fiery friends
Getting green genies gradually getting got
Having heaven hire hats however hot
Incomplete Igloos itch incomplete Icarus
killin' kids killin' kindness killin' kelly's kiss
Lightly learnin' later lefty lost lucky land
Meanwhile mockin' mystery mucky man
Now new numbers negotiate nervously no
Overall opened owls overly outburst OOOO!
People party people pick precious peens
Quietly quarreling quick qutting queens
Ruins run rudely regular ruthless runed ravage
Soldiers smacked silly starved stupid savage
Tomorrow turned terrible though turning through
Ugly underground umbrella using useless U
Very vacant votes, very vacant vows
Witty wicked whoas while whistling wows
X-cuse X Xecutioners  Xecuting xylophonys
Young yellin yes youth yellin yellow Yoni
XY and Z for Zulu zodiac and Zone
Now you've learned your ABC's down to the bone
PLEASE COMMENT!
Copyright 5-15-07  ©® Corey ThreetAvoid analyzing
art attempted by
awkward adolescents
because budding bards
bombard buffs by barfing
bazaar belletristic bile
before becoming
cool, clever, cosmopolitans
conscientiously conceiving
creative cognitive compositions.A is for Abby
B is for Bobbie
C is for Christine
D is for Dan
E is for Ella
F is for Freddy
G is for Georgia
H is for Herald
I is for Isabella
J is for James
K is for Kaylee
L is for Logan
M is for Michelle
N is for Nick
O is for Olivia
P is for Patrick
Q is for Quinn
R is for Ryan
S is for Stephanie
T is for TJ
U is for Uniquea
V is for Vernal
W is for Wendy
X is for Xian
Y is for Yaylee
Z is for the end of the alphabetAliens are extraterrestrials along with giants and greys;
But their matters are kept in secrecy for wants of truths!
Centuries old maters we know from the relics left by them;
Details about their mysteries are yet to be known by all!
Extraterrestrials are the Gods we all worship in various names;
Facts about their valours are legendary stories and mythologies
Great and incredible, yet, they are all thought provoking as to
How have they made so much advanced feats before modernity!
Iconic Gods, we worship, have been travelling all over the Space
Jumping from one Star to another one with Earth as junction....
Keeping abreast of knowledge by gathering ideas from everywhere
Leaving their marks as pyramids, strange objects, etc. as identities!
Marks left behind them reveal their powers, greatness and so on
Nobody can deny and might have triggered mankind to develop;
Outer Space adventures by Science &Technology man is progressing
Part by part and yet, we are matchless before their past achievements!
Quite very, very late we are heading on towards their advancements;
Rather it is an herculean adventure to catch their civilization by science!
Sure, we are the images of them adapted in natural evolution to divinity
That we are trying to achieve by spirituality becoming supermen soon!
Universe is the vast field of exploration to find answers for our questions;
Vertically and horizontally all explorations and experiments will help much
Widening our scope to learn more and know more techniques to advance...!
X men and their extraordinary powers got from extraterrestrials will help sure
Years of experiments and inferences we have made and are making to know all
Zealous facts, figures and fictions to be extraterrestrials one day to fathom Space!A - Accept anything with joy and peace will then dwell in your hearts.
B - Be patient, kind and loving.
C - Cleanse your soul and live, live the beatitudes
+++
D - Depend on the Divine and He will give you the strength needed.
E - Each must use their time wisely on this earth.
F - Fervently trust, trust, the Divine's mercy and love.
+++
G – Give thanks for all the blessings.
H - Have hope.
I - It is so important to remain hopeful and live each day with joy
+++
J – Joy is given to those who do the will of the almighty.
K – Keep your hearts open to the Graces.
L – Let go of hate; and love, love one another.
+++
M – Many Graces are given to those who pray
N – Nothing is impossible with God, so please trust and know that He is
with you.
O – Open your hearts fully to God’s love and mercy.
+++
P – Peace cannot exist if there is unforgiveness.
Q – Quiet time will truly help to nourish your prayer and spiritual life.
R – Receive the grace needed to live a pure and holy life.
+++
S – Share those gifts God has blessed you with.
T – Take a moment today and reflect on all that God is teaching you.
U – Unite in prayer and encourage each other to live a pure and holy life.
+++
V – Victory over evil can be achieve if you keep your focus on good virtues
W – Walk in love and walk as children of light.
X – Xeric habits that prevent growth of the soul and spirit must be avoided
+++
Y – You must learn to be more patient with those around you.
Z – Zeal and faithfulness is needed to live a good and blessed life.
~Champs Ulysses Gubantes Cabinatan
*inspired from messages of the BVMA spells the Aero planes that so fascinated me,
B spells the Baby dolls I had,
C spells the Cartoons I loved watching,
D spells my first ever Dictionary,
E spells the Elephant rides at the zoo,
F spells the First day at school,
G spells my Grandma’s lovely stories,
H spells playing House with friends,
I spells the Ice-creams galore,
J spells the intricate Jigsaw puzzles,
K spells the Kites I tried to fly,
L spells all the Lollipops I had,
M spells the innocent Mischief,
N spells Naughtiness,
O spells the ‘Oops’ after every mistake,
P spells the treasured Piggy-bank,
Q spells the ceaseless Questioning,
R spells my first ever Race,
S spells the School picnics,
T spells all my Trophies,
U spells ‘Us’ that I learnt to appreciate,
V spells the school Van,
W spells the most important ‘We’,
And XYZ spell everything special,
that cannot be put into words,
that make my childhood,
the most beautiful memory!All issues are politicized and political game is played
Before any solution is found for anything by politicians;
Careful manipulation with words they pull on the days in
Dragging all matters that can be solved till poll comes!
Every matter is kept in the back burner unless it's profitable
Fully satisfying their political mileage in the election;
Good or bad, they don't care except their victory is confirmed
However easy or difficult the coming elections are concerned!
Icon of the political arena takes the lion's share in the spoil;
Joint ventures too, they prefer, if the passage is easy to go through
Keeping in view a massive victory for the next term in power;
Likewise, the plan and move the coins to win in the political game!
Matters of vital importance they take up in hand to convince all;
No matter however tedious or trivial once they become popular sure;
Opposition parties, if they are strong, grease their palms to win;
People are hoodwinked as all things take place behind the curtain!
Questions of burning problems are prolonged till people forget them;
Respecting the sentiments of the people, they play the game long
Surviving, sustaining and succeeding in every move of their game;
The final stage is placed in great suspense to take advantage of weakness!
Ultimately the good hearted and innocent people are the victims;
Varieties of cosmetic lures they make like expert advertisements to
Win in the polls to power only to play the card of sentiments ever!
X men like display of their influence they show to cajole new ones;
Years of such techniques make them experts in winning the game sure;
Zero is the benefit and solution to problems people get forever...!There are three ways to prevent HIV/AIDS
Rather be sorry afterwards, follow the ABC
of safer sex!
ABSTINENCE
This means not having sex, not having sex at
all can be very difficult for many people.
You could choose a different kind of sexual
expression such as masturbation either on
your own or with your partner.
BE FAITHFUL
Only have sex with your own partner.
If you break-up or find a new partner,
you need to know that that person does
not have an STI or HIV then you needs
to trust each other for life.
Be honest and tell your partner if you
are unfaithful so that your partner can
be protected by using a condom.
CONDOMS
Use condoms,
If you can not manage without having sex
If you have more than one partner
If you don’t know whether your partner is faithful to you
If you think your partner might have STIs or HIVArmed with aptitude, ambition, ability;
being yourself all the time;
carrying calmness of mind and clarity of thought;
dressed in desire, determination, discipline and dedication;
enveloped in effulgence, empathy and enthusiasm;
fired by faith and fervor and
graced by gratitude and good health.
Hard work, honesty and humility,
intellect, intuition,  indefatigable passion and
joie de vivre – all these being your friends always.
Kindness in thought, word and deed and
laziness always kept at bay.
Making the most of your time,
never thinking of ever giving up
or being afraid of taking a risk,
putting your heart, mind and soul into everything,
questioning yourself all the time and
rectifying mistakes made along the way.
Self-confidence and a strong desire
to make it to the finish line…
using whatever resources available and
vocalizing only positive thoughts.
When things don’t seem to go your way,
(e) xtraordinary patience and perseverance will pay.
You will see in the end that
zenith is not too far away.
Geeta Ashok
7/9/2010
5 pmDid the CIA tell the FBI that it knows the work of the IRA?
Just as the RCMP confused the PLO with Al-Quaieda?
The biggest weapon of terror is alphabetic confusion,
It blends together ignorance, fanaticism with dogmatic infusion.
For the homeless, poor and hungry, there is basic need,
To the yammering of the privileged and rich they do not heed.
Food and medicine for all is delayed by poor distribution,
It’s waylaid by the mighty against retribution.
It’s hardly a wonder the world’s a more dangerous place,
That the rich and famous try to escape into space.
But the Almighty knows who deserves to be here,
And it’s not the humble and poor, who have something to fear.A-biding in
B-ringing terror by
C-reating absolute
D-evastation to countryDark clouds gathered overhead,
Expelling bullets of rain;
Filling up the valley floor—
Guzzling poisonous shrubs
Just wait there soaking up life.A vigilante lacking of heroic qualities that
Brings death to every damn
Criminals he mercilessly preyedA   gain with the pain,
B   eing left alone.
C   rying in the rain,
D   escending like stone.
E   very one laughs and points,
F   elt paralyzed through my spine.
G   etting looser at the joints,
H   earing about you, who used to be mine.
I   ncomplete is how I am feeling,
J   ust going through this day by day.
K   ill the pain I am concealing,
L   ove never again this way!
M   ental note to keep in mind,
N   ear to the end of my road.
O   bviously I was a little blind,
P   hrasing your words in code.
Q   uiet down and leave me be,
R   ush yourself to a far off place.
S   ee how bad you've hurt me,
T   rying to forget your face.
U   nited we once were,
V   eered off to one side.
W   elcomed you...  Immature,
X - perienced... My love had to subside.
Y   ou aren't here, but you are there,
Z   ipping up these emotions, because now I don't care!(A Diamante Poem)
Brain
Heavenly, hellish
Floating, raising, falling
Beyond the truth, behind the truth
Leading, relishing, suffering
Sybaritic, pathetic
HumanA total lack of trust
Because of past hurts
Cut me down so low,
Drowning in my lonliness
Enveloped by the pain
From one thing or another
Give it another shot
Hard as it may be
I can not and do not want to lose hope
Just because some people are jerks
Keep your chin up
Look beyond the pain and hurt
Make the best of your situation
Never expect anything from anyone, for
One other than yourself may
Prey upon your weaknesses
Quit allowing anybody in.
Remember, no one will meet all expectations
Stick to your guns
Treat everyone the same
Ugly as so many may be
Vivid projection of their grotesque demeanor
Worldly people,  full of hate
X-ray their hearts to the best of your abilities
You and only you can control your happiness, be
Zealous in all things happyAgain the rain is back after a year or so,
Buzzing of the clouds jolts one and all.
Clouds are having no mercy.
Drops of water are dazzling on the leaves.
Everyone is enjoying a cup of hot coffee or tea.
Fingers are trying to catch those tiny drops.
Ground is flooded with flowing water.
Hairs are unable to hold the water.
In every way I wish to dance, but I couldn't do so.
Juxtapose the mountains and hill it gushes,
Kazoo of paper boat makes music to the ears.
Love the fall and on the tin roof.
My life rejuvenates after seeing this beauty again.
No other occasion makes me feel esthetic.
Over and above the sky gets cleared.
Pulling up our umbrellas I enjoy a walk.
Quite interesting it is to take a ride on a bike.
Rinsing the dirt settled on the building and the floors.
Surprised I am, by the package of a lightning in between.
Tonight reflection of the moonbeams will enthrall.
Unique nature will pay a tribute to the clouds.
Very happy I am, flying without wings.
What a joy to all the living creatures.
Xylem of energy will flow everywhere.
Yes, my heart, my body and my soul all wet tonight.
Zillion drops scattered all over the earth again.Any Body Can Do Everything.
From Greatness, Hope, Invincibility.
Just Kill Lame Melancholy Nothings Other People Quote.
Realize Self.
Totally Undeniably Value Whatever Xplains You, Zealously.Another thought comes to mind,
Before it can be stopped,
Carefully i tread,
Down the path,
Every step a new mistake,
Free from thoughts,
Going no where,
Hating the way thing are,
Itching for a change,
Just a small change,
Knowing it never will,
Loving him still,
Making it worse,
Never an escape,
Once it's begun,
Pleading for it to end,
Quiet now,
Resting from the sleepless night,
Sincerely wishing for peace,
Taking everything,
Under the shelter,
Vex me no more,
Waiting for it,
X-rays of my heart,
Yearning for cover,
Zero strength lefta walk to have
be the one
come with the truth
dream the best not the worst
even if the worst is true
forget about it
give in? not a chance
have to walk back
i know you dont want to
just do it anyways
know the truth
live it
move on
never a chance to stay in front
over your head
people will say
queen will agree
rest your head at night
stay still
tighten up
up in the view
view is right
walk that way
xylophone plays in the background
you are doing right
zero mistakes you made in this walkIf life was as simple
As ABC
I would climb on
My bicycle,
Ride to the sea
I would rip off
My clothes,
Unbuckle my boots,
Run naked over
Lapping waves,
Ignore all the looks
I would swim out
On the ocean,
Swim back twice as fast,
Tie a scarf around
My waist,
Forget the troubled past
I’d cycle back
To Belfast, walk
Naked through the town,
Convince the people
I’m the one,
A Prophet of renown
I’d be like John
The Baptist,
My scarf around
My loins,
I’d shout my
Head off
Through the streets
And dodge
The flying coins
I know they’d think
I’m crazy,
I know they’d
Want me dead,
Because I know
They don’t like change,
I know I’d lose, my headCan I break tradition?
Will it be okay?
I'll ruin your mission,
'Cause I want a say
In this life of mine
I have no control
The voice of the divine
Speaks to my soul
Trapped in a position
To act against my will
This is the worst condition
That makes you want to kill
I don't want to be youABC
Alphabet spaghetti for tea,
Books to read tonight,
Coursework to do oh dear.
By Christopher TyeABC… sing to D
And jump over E
Look for F and
Call for G…
Catch a fine H
I is above J is behind
K is sleeping still
L is leaping M is moving
O is out of order
Ask P to come in Q
R is behind you
S will sing a beautiful song and
T will dance with U
V’s voice will not disturb WXYZ.I got to ‘A’ and was assaulted and abused
And attacked and ambushed and anger was used
And acute agony left me anxious and bemused
Then went to ‘B’ and got bloodied and battered
And burnt and bashed and bruises were scattered
And beaten and bones were broken and shattered
I then gave up when a friend told me
Worse things happen at ‘C’Animals are my friends
Baby animals I like best
Cats live in my house
Dude is one of the five cats
Everyday I have to feed them
Feeding time is funny to watch
Growling and hissing starts
Hitting and scratching are next
If you put their food dishes close
Justin’s cat is called Jack-Jack
Kittens are cute but they grow up
Litter box litter box, you smell bad
Mom’s cat is called Whoa – Dxx-xx
None of the other cats like Phantom
Only my brother Andrew helps him
Phantom is a black and white cat
Queen of house we have none, only male cats
Rabbits are my next pets, I have two
Snakes, we had three, now only one
Turtles we had before, but they got away
Ugly or cute, I love all my pets
Very few animals I do not like
Wales are too big to be pets
X, I don’t have, but could try an Ox
Yak is another animal I don’t have
Zebra, it is like a striped horse, I love them tooYou sit left to me,
You don't wanna see,
What's really inside me.
Do you want to hurt me?
You could tell it everyone!
Would it make you feel better?
You don't know anything about me.
My new name for you is 'ABC'
I don't need lipstick for attention,
I also never owned extentions.
The only problem I ever had was you
and what you used to do.
And the last thing I tell you about me,
is why you're so much weaker than me:
You only blance on a tightrope that's lying on the floor,
I'm doing the same but over a huge gorge.
©Again wit the pain
Blinded by lovee
Cant c pass the lies
Dumb for believeing that u loved me
Enough is enough
Feeling alone like always
Guilt, like its my fault
Hoe is wat u left me for
Is love for me?
Just handling this day by day
Kiss my ass nd say goodbye
Lies were all u told me
My love for u was a joke
Never trust again
Obviously i ment nothing
Pain is all i feel
Questioning me on wat love is
Regert meeting u
See how bad yyu hurt me?
Tie u down.? na never
United we once were
Verbally abused by u
Wishing u would come back
X-perienced only wit u
Your not wat i thought u were
Zipping up these emotions; ; cause now I don't careA
Boy
Can
Do
Everything he
Feels like doing, if he
Gets his
Homework done and
In on time
Just as his teacher instructs
Kudos goes to he who
Loves
Math
Now he does have the
Option to
Play or
Quietly
Read and do
Schoolwork
Today after lunch
Unless he doesn’t do
Very
Well on his math problem
X-2=3²
Yet he
Zealously gets his schoolwork done.A
Big
Counting
Difference
Emerges
Frequently,
Giving
Highly
Intensive
Jackpot
K ingship
Lementing,
Misery
Nonsensely
Opposing,
Patriotism
Queen
Respective
Soldiers
Taking,
Under
Vast
Watchable
Xenon
Yearni ng
Zebras...! !wht made us betray...
is something out of the way..
hw will i manage to live vidout the voice tht smile...
hw vidout him will i travel mile..
for the one who was mah love mah life...
n nw whn he has left
its like mah heart is kept on the tip of the knife..
i wld tk in evry wrd he wld say.
may god grants me vid his togetherness again its the onlly thng i cn pray.
hes mah hero..the wisest of the wise.
n in mah mind abt him no suspisions evr rise/
hes rite vid evrythngs he say..
i din hear me n thts the reason i hav to pay.
i wnt the frnd back.
no crevices n no cracks..
i svr i will listen to u...
cm bk mah dear friend..
n ths time i wont let u leav till mah last end..
i will b brave, ,
bt u don leav till mah grave...
cm bk cm bk..
or open the door for me to enter it..
if only u want me thr a bit....
u r the sun of my day.
the moon of my night.
i want u bk vid tht face whch carried a smile bright!
tht teasing, learning, playing. n laughing.
whch nw i cant find.
oh god return me bk
all those b a bit kind! ! ! ! ! ! !
he was caring like my mum...
wld lst to me as sis...
wld scld like a dad..
n his absnc has made me so sad...
hes n angel of mine...
sm1 frm gods side..
he din waited for me as the tide, , ,
i loved him n will continue to do so.
no matter  svrl years pass in a row.
he has left me vid sm beautiful memories.
all of them so divine n pure..
my heart is all wounded
n i don want cure.
i will satnd here waiting for u frevr if frevr wht it waits.
n i prms will nvr repeat those traits! !Entirely happy
Fun
Great
Happy Feet
Is it cold outside?Modern men have made themselves much weird,
Not willing to forgo their sinfulness
Or ego, pride and selfishness but
Poetry probes, prises hearts and minds to change for good,
As ‘mobiled’ humans, immobile turn!Life,
From ABC to XYZ;
Learning all the time to become perfect,
With the laws of life!
And all the rules aroun nature.
ABC!
Like the beginning;
Like Genesis,
With the Chronicles of life.
XYZ!
Like the end,
With Revelations;
Learning all the time,
Under the umbrella of Righteous Laws! !
To become perfect one day.A bat continuously demonstrates echolocation—flying, gauging, homing in, judging killing
locations—marathon night-flying.  Owl predators quietly roosting sample the upside-down
varments—waiting, x-raying ‘Yike’s Zones! ’A.
Attend yee Youngones/and learne Understandinge.
B.
Beare-fauor to the Loue/that she in you may haue plantinge.
C.
Com to the meekmynded Beeinge of Bounteousnesse.
D.
Directlye the right Humilitie, to you it doth expresse.
E.
Earnestly sett your Lust to the good Lyfe, so cleare.
F.
Fasten therin your Heart/so shall yee not feare.
G.
Geeue-eare to the Trueth/so lyue yee vnmolest.
H.
Holy and wyse is Hee, that standeth Therto prest:
I.
In Heauen nor on Earth/none other Rest yee finde.
K.
Keepe and turne therto, all your Heart/Lust/and Minde.
L.
Let not such thinges byde-back, for any Frinde therfore.
M.
Meekly therto apply you/and hunt for no thinge more.
N.
Note and haue regarde, to the good Beeinge alwaye.
O.
Open your Heart/and receaue the Loue, I saye.
P.
Pasture your Spirit, vnder Gods Power and Will.
Q.
Quell or vex not yourselues/with Cogitations ill.
R.
Runne and call to the Lorde/in all your Sufferinge.
S.
Seeke in your Conflict/your Reioycinge.
T.
Tame so your selues/and your owne Mynde yee shall.
W.
Wyllinglye loue God/and his Lawe/aboue all.
U.
Unto fleashlie Desyres fall not/ne haue therin delight.
X.
Xercise you in Uertue/and praise the Loue vpright.
Y.
Ymagine alwayes/what is right and resonable.
Z.
Zelously thinke vpon that which is peaceable.
&.
& becometh the Youngones, that they deale eauenso.
con.
consider now these thinges/and yee shall wisely go.Awake ye gostely persones awake awake
Bothe preste pope bisshoppe & Cardinall.
Considre wisely what wayes that ye take
Daungerously beynge lyke to haue a fall.
Every where the mischefe of you all.
Ferre and nere breaketh oute very fast
Godde will nedes be revenged at the last.
Howe longe haue ye the worlde captyued
In sore bondage of mennes tradiciones?
Kynges and Emperoures ye haue depryued
Lewedly vsurpynge their chefe possessiones.
Muche misery ye make in all regiones.
Nowe youre fraudes almoste at the latter cast
Of godde sore to be revenged at the last.
Poore people to oppresse ye haue no shame
O wakynge for feare of your doubble tyranny.
Rightfull iustice ye haue put out of frame
Sekynge the lust of youre godde the belly.
Therfore I dare you boldely certifye.
Very litle though ye be therof a gast
Yet god will be revenged ar the last.inner peace: a to z  (© Raj Arumugam, September 2008)
Inner peace is effortless, as it’s always there within.
One just has to see it.
And once one truly sees this inner peace – not with words or just
intellectually, but actually see this inner peace within – it is one’s, always;
no one takes away that…
Nothing and no evil and no violent force or even the most difficult
of circumstances in  one’s life can remove that inner peace that one
sees within; but let one see this not as a word, or as a phrase
but as an actuality.
Feel that peace, see that inner peace and let it radiate always – for it is
the harmony within each and it is always one’s own.
A
Let amity be your constant companion….Be at peace with all beings, equally at peace with those near and those far, and thus walk hand in hand with amity as in a bounteous garden…
B
Be mindful of your blessings always…To be alive, to breathe in fresh air;
and to be with  the family and the companionship of good fellow-human
beings; and the kindness of strangers; and the creatures of this world
and the flowers that bloom, and to have a place in this marvelous planet
of ours….all these too are blessings….
There is a life of the body in the domain of the physical, and
the legitimate needs of the body are just as important as
one’s inner needs…
C
Think critically….even while we love and are at peace with the world,
do not forget to think critically for oneself so that one is  not the fool
of the cunning…and thus thinking for oneself carefully and critically
one keeps one’s time and energy and one’s own mind….
Do your own thinking; allowing others to do your thinking for you
is to systematically lose one's will to live life to its fullest...
Freshness comes when one discards clichés in word, thought and
deed – and with freshness comes vigor, steadiness and wisdom….
Though one may mature and grow in intellect, let the child be in
you always. For each moment in which one ceases to be a child,
one is but walking dead.
D
Death is only part of a process in our lives….it is but another phase
as is one’s birth….
Witness the wonder of this process and constant change, and
marvel at it as one marvels at sunset and sunrise – and thus is there
no agony or ecstasy but quiet and cool contemplation of birth, our day to day
living and death….the whole of which is life...
Die to each moment; die to each memory and die to each event
and each day - and thus is there constant renewal and the ever new,
and so one sees for oneself there is truly no fear in death.
E
…equanimity is priceless...there is no need for wildness in joy or agony;
as the tides come and go so do our mental states, and all that we consider
bad or good….like the rise of the moon, or the coming of the stars
and the going of the stars are our emotions and our lives and our happiness
and sorrows….see them for what they are and equanimity dwells shining
within one always….
F
The free mind is the greatest blessing….Be free of conditioning and
be free of propaganda; be free of identity and of the group, and one is truly
free; be free of the past in all its forms as it arises in the mind as
remembrance of hurts and wrongs, and be free of the future as it arises
as constant planning and anticipation and unnecessary tension….
But what is the free mind? One is not free who allows it be defined
for one.
Be free of anyone who will teach you: there is no relative
freedom – only complete freedom…
During one’s meeting or interaction with another being – any being,
human or creature - be mindful of the question: Am I fair to this being?
And after one’s meeting or interaction with another being – any being,
human or creature - be mindful of the question: Have I been  fair to this being?
G
There is  grace in your heart, in your mind and in your very being…delve deep within and see it - let it glow, and that grace will show in the smoothness of your very movement and speech; and that grace will flow in your manner, and that grace will fill your life and each moment with peace, charm and joy….
God? I have no use for God as I have no use for clichés.
H
Neglect no aspect of your being – for each aspect of your being is necessary and good.
Find for yourself all dimensions of your being…see what happens and what you need in each dimension…be moderate and sufficient in each dimension, and there will be no tension there in any of your dimensions of your being, and thus harmony is yours….
I
Insight is when you can see beyond words and the intellect…as when one feels the presence of love and wisdom...let your insight and your intuition live and flourish – for to suppress it is to deny yourself wisdom and inner light…
Words are useless and mislead in the inner life and therefore it is in the light of insight and intuition that one has direct seeing of what actually is….
J
Rejoice in the joys of others...rejoice in the happiness of others…rejoice in
your own joy…find the joy within yourself and the joy in the world…
Be fair and just – not so that one may be loved by others or so one may escape punishment or so one may enter heaven, but be just for its own intrinsic beauty.
K
There is a kingdom within that is not by any other but oneself….there is chaos there if one rules unwisely, and there is joy and harmony if one enters
in wisdom….peace and harmony radiate there in that kingdom of your
own wisdom, and not by the power or grace or authority or wisdom of
others…No being, however mighty and however supernatural, can effect
order in there…The kingdom is only of oneself and yet in oneness…
Enter therefore your own kingdom wisely, enter in your own wisdom…
L
All that there is in the world is love….All the many and countless words
and revelations and traditions and systems are all but love….
All the world’s Holy Books and Revelations and Sermons are useless – there is only love…
The love in which there is conflict or tension, the love in which one
seeks to own or possess or to carve out a territory or group or personal
identity or salvation or gain or protection – that is not love…
The love that includes all and that excludes none, the love that knows
no hate or violence or tension or expectation or punishment
or reward – that is love….
We have allowed the idea and myth of God to replace the  reality
of Love: forget about God for the only reality is Love…
We are liars…we are drugged by lies and
addicted to lies…but while it is easy to see the lies told to one or the
lies one tells others, it is more difficult to see the lies one tells oneself…
M
Be mindful of the moment….be mindful of one’s breath – of the breath as one exhales, as one inhales…be mindful of the emotion or thought that arises, that lives and that subsides…
....with no censure, no judgment, no labels, no memory-making and cherishing of experiences…be mindful too of walking or of sitting; be mindful of each act and thought…
And so does one live the moment and so thought and time - the past and future - lose their tyrannical hold on the mind…
N
Be mindful too of the nuances of the words we utter and use; be mindful of the nuances of one’s speech and actions and one’s silence and one’s inaction…
O
Observe with no imprint…observe with no judgment or residue…observe what actually is…
observing a tree
You see the tree….see what is; see it as it is, not with all of one's conditioning…you look…one does not form a judgment and an attachment and a craving for a repetition of this event - but just observe with no labels…no naming…one sees what is there before one without a name, for the name is the past…just observe what is…
observing the mind
One observes what is – one observes one’s mind, oneself - not as what authority says one is, but as one actually sees oneself; direct and straight seeing oneself…
One sees oneself without the conditioning and with no prejudice; one sees what actually is…
One observes the activities of the mind…one sees the emotion or thought that arises, as it lives and as it subsides…one does not name the emotion or thought, for to do so is to bring in conditioning which is the tyranny of thought; one does not label it and one does not feel guilt or like or dislike…one merely observes what actually is…
One who observes one’s mind knows oneself – not oneself as some abstract and superhuman eternal entity, but as one is….Not second-hand - but directly, for oneself...
Not as what tradition or scriptures or science or reports tell us what we are – but as one actually observes and as one sees what is…
How can one know anything without knowing oneself? Of what use is your knowing of all that you know without self-knowledge as you actually are, and not according to some theory or report or ideology?
P
There are things and events you have control of – and how you pace these that are within your  control determines how much peace and quiet there is in your heart…
Know then the rhythm at which your mind moves and pace the events you
have control of at this rhythm…
For things one has no control of, one’s wisdom will bring a harmony between one and what faces one…
..inner peace is never lost; it’s always there just below the apparent surface of discord. One simply dives deep enough to see this peace that pervades and that never leaves one, though one may be distracted by insistent diversions…
Q
It may seem one’s life is a quest and one searches and searches - and yet in that moment of awareness, of full attention, one sees there is no search, there is no arriving – for it is always there, it is always here and now…
There is no such thing as a quest; there is no such thing as a search…
R
Rest well….one forgets in one’s hurry that simple rest can revitalize and bring freshness…
S
Speak gently, speak quietly; speak words that soothe and heal, and with no intent to hurt. Speak words that bring amity, calm and peace and not words that promote division, anarchy and discord.
T
Thought may be the remembrance of cultures and technology that move societies forward, but thought can be mostly of the past that is a burden…
Be free of the past then and make no memory of it; for the past restricts and narrows and confines, and not making a memory of it is freedom….
U
The world’s systems and hierarchy and Revelations aspire to drag everyone into uniformity and mediocrity…
To lead or to follow is to be mediocre – and the mediocre cannot allow independence…
This world of set formulas and systems despises free inquiry and wants to see each one of us the same in mind and habit and thought: it demands we crawl into its traditions and prescribed or revealed creed, and to fit into what it teaches is the way to be…
The world says this is the way things are and expects one to conform or to break…
Know what you are, know yourself - or the world subtly but swiftly transforms you into itself…
See what actually is rather than going the set ways of what one likes it to be or what should or ought to be or what is described to be …Discard all authority and see for yourself what actually is…
V
Let there be vigor in all things one does; let there be vigor in thought, in
one’s inquiry, in one’s speech and in one’s works and deeds.
The most inspired moment in one’s life is when vision unfolds
naturally within; dullness comes of conditioning and beliefs that are
the companions of complacent inquiry.
W
There is no treasure like the treasure of wisdom for with wisdom one sees
the unmediated truth of life and the radiant truth of lasting joy in all circumstances.
Wide is the world and yet we seek to cut it and to confine it
and to create borders; wide is the mind and yet many seek
to constrict it and to set up boundaries and to restrict its space.
X
Avoid extremes in all matters – for it is it is the wisdom of moderation that universally promotes balance, health, happiness and calm.
Y
In one’s intellect let there be maturity and completeness and the wisdom of ages; but in one’s inquiry into life let there be vigor and newness and perennial youth.
Z
There are no confined zones in true love: love knows no boundaries and love knows no borders – the wide universe is the very home of love.
That inner peace radiates in the stars and in the trees  and in the grass; that inner peace radiates in the creatures of the earth and in  all living things and in the very air…That inner peace pervades all beings, all  life and all existence.And after the strife of this time,
Buried by the glory of the world to come.
Call of transfiguration will ho at us.
Death by then will flee from us.
Elation will be bethroted to us.
Friend of the immortal will we forever be.
18: 01: 01: 15: 16Incipit carmen secundum ordinem litterarum alphabeti.
Almighty and al merciable queene,
To whom that al this world fleeth for socour,
To have relees of sinne, of sorwe, and teene,
Glorious virgine, of alle floures flour,
To thee I flee, confounded in errour.
Help and releeve, thou mighti debonayre,
Have mercy on my perilous langour.
Venquisshed me hath my cruel adversaire.
Bountee so fix hath in thin herte his tente
That wel I wot thou wolt my socour bee;
Thou canst not warne him that with good entente
Axeth thin helpe, thin herte is ay so free.
Thou art largesse of pleyn felicitee,
Haven of refut, of quiete, and of reste.
Loo, how that theeves sevene chasen mee.
Help, lady bright, er that my ship tobreste.[Riv., p. 638]
Comfort is noon but in yow, ladi deere;
For loo, my sinne and my confusioun,
Which oughten not in thi presence appeere,
Han take on me a greevous accioun
Of verrey right and desperacioun;
And as hi right thei mighten wel susteene
That I were wurthi my dampnacioun,
Nere merci of you, blisful hevene queene.
Dowte is ther noon, thou queen of misericorde,
That thou n'art cause of grace and merci heere;
God vouched sauf thurgh thee with us to accorde.
For certes, Crystes blisful mooder deere,
Were now the bowe bent in swich maneere
As it was first of justice and of ire,
The rightful God nolde of no mercy heere;
But thurgh thee han we grace as we desire.
Evere hath myn hope of refut been in thee,
For heer-biforn ful ofte in many a wyse
Hast thou to misericorde receyved me.
But merci, ladi, at the grete assyse
Whan we shule come bifore the hye justyse.
So litel fruit shal thanne in me be founde
That, but thou er that day correcte [vice],
Of verrey right my werk wol me confounde.
Fleeinge, I flee for socour to thi tente
Me for to hide from tempeste ful of dreede,
Biseeching yow that ye you not absente
Thouh I be wikke. O, help yit at this neede!
Al have I ben a beste in wil and deede,
Yit, ladi, thou me clothe with thi grace.
Thin enemy and myn-- ladi, tak heede--
Unto my deth in poynt is me to chace!
Glorious mayde and mooder, which that nevere
Were bitter, neither in erthe nor in see,
But ful of swetnesse and of merci evere,
Help that my Fader be not wroth with me.
Spek thou, for I ne dar not him ysee,
So have I doon in erthe, allas the while,
That certes, but if thou my socour bee,
To stink eterne he wole my gost exile.
He vouched sauf, tel him, as was his wille,
Bicome a man, to have oure alliaunce,
And with his precious blood he wrot the bille
Upon the crois as general acquitaunce
To every penitent in ful creaunce;
And therfore, ladi bright, thou for us praye.
Thanne shalt thou bothe stinte al his grevaunce,
And make oure foo to failen of his praye.
I wot it wel, thou wolt ben oure socour,
Thou art so ful of bowntee, in certeyn,
For whan a soule falleth in errour
Thi pitee goth and haleth him ayein.
Thanne makest thou his pees with his sovereyn
And bringest him out of the crooked strete.
Whoso thee loveth, he shal not love in veyn,
That shal he fynde as he the lyf shal lete.
Kalenderes enlumyned ben thei
That in this world ben lighted with thi name,
And whoso goth to yow the righte wey,
Him thar not drede in soule to be lame.
Now, queen of comfort, sith thou art that same
To whom I seeche for my medicyne,
Lat not my foo no more my wounde entame;
Myn hele into thin hand al I resygne.
Ladi, thi sorwe kan I not portreye
Under the cros, ne his greevous penaunce;
But for youre bothes peynes I yow preye,
Lat not oure alder foo make his bobaunce
That he hath in his lystes of mischaunce
Convict that ye bothe have bought so deere.
As I seide erst, thou ground of oure substaunce,
Continue on us thi pitous eyen cleere!
Moises, that saugh the bush with flawmes rede
Brenninge, of which ther never a stikke brende,
Was signe of thin unwemmed maidenhede.[Riv., p. 639]
Thou art the bush on which ther gan descende
The Holi Gost, the which that Moyses wende
Had ben a-fyr, and this was in figure.
Now, ladi, from the fyr thou us defende
Which that in helle eternalli shal dure.
Noble princesse, that nevere haddest peere,
Certes if any comfort in us bee,
That cometh of thee, thou Cristes mooder deere.
We han noon oother melodye or glee
Us to rejoyse in oure adversitee,
Ne advocat noon that wole and dar so preye
For us, and that for litel hire as yee
That helpen for an Ave-Marie or tweye.
O verrey light of eyen that ben blynde,
O verrey lust of labour and distresse,
O tresoreere of bountee to mankynde,
Thee whom God ches to mooder for humblesse!
From his ancille he made the maistresse
Of hevene and erthe, oure bille up for to beede.
This world awaiteth evere on thi goodnesse
For thou ne failest nevere wight at neede.
Purpos I have sum time for to enquere
Wherfore and whi the Holi Gost thee soughte
Whan Gabrielles vois cam to thin ere.
He not to werre us swich a wonder wroughte,
But for to save us that he sithen boughte.
Thanne needeth us no wepen us for to save,
But oonly ther we dide not, as us oughte,
Doo penitence, and merci axe and have.
Queen of comfort, yit whan I me bithinke
That I agilt have bothe him and thee,
And that my soule is worthi for to sinke,
Allas, I caityf, whider may I flee?
Who shal unto thi Sone my mene bee?
Who, but thiself, that art of pitee welle?
Thou hast more reuthe on oure adversitee
Than in this world might any tonge telle.
Redresse me, mooder, and me chastise,
For certeynly my Faderes chastisinge,
That dar I nouht abiden in no wise,
So hidous is his rightful rekenynge.
Mooder, of whom oure merci gan to springe,
Beth ye my juge and eek my soules leche;
For evere in you is pitee haboundinge
To ech that wole of pitee you biseeche.
Soth is that God ne granteth no pitee
Withoute thee; for God of his goodnesse
Foryiveth noon, but it like unto thee.
He hath thee maked vicaire and maistresse
Of al this world, and eek governouresse
Of hevene, and he represseth his justise
After thi wil; and therfore in witnesse
He hath thee corowned in so rial wise.
Temple devout, ther God hath his woninge,
Fro which these misbileeved deprived been,
To you my soule penitent I bringe.
Receyve me-- I can no ferther fleen.
With thornes venymous, O hevene queen,
For which the eerthe acursed was ful yore,
I am so wounded, as ye may wel seen,
That I am lost almost, it smert so sore.
Virgine, that art so noble of apparaile,
And ledest us into the hye tour
Of Paradys, thou me wisse and counsaile
How I may have thi grace and thi socour,
All have I ben in filthe and in errour.
Ladi, unto that court thou me ajourne
That cleped is thi bench, O freshe flour,
Ther as that merci evere shal sojourne.
Xristus, thi sone, that in this world alighte
Upon the cros to suffre his passioun,
And eek that Longius his herte pighte
And made his herte blood to renne adoun,
And al was this for my salvacioun;
And I to him am fals and eek unkynde,
And yit he wole not my dampnacioun--
This thanke I yow, socour of al mankynde!
Ysaac was figure of his deth, certeyn,
That so fer forth his fader wolde obeye
That him ne roughte nothing to be slayn;[Riv., p. 640]
Right soo thi Sone list as a lamb to deye.
Now, ladi ful of merci, I yow preye,
Sith he his merci mesured so large,
Be ye not skant, for alle we singe and seye
That ye ben from vengeaunce ay oure targe.
Zacharie yow clepeth the open welle
To wasshe sinful soule out of his gilt.
Therfore this lessoun oughte I wel to telle,
That, nere thi tender herte, we were spilt.
Now, ladi bryghte, sith thou canst and wilt
Ben to the seed of Adam merciable,
Bring us to that palais that is bilt
To penitentes that ben to merci able. Amen.You complete me.
You take my i
(and then dot me) .
Take my t
& are prepared to
cross me.
If I make my mark
you question or
? exclaim me!
If I a jumbled sentence am
you syntax me.
I try to copy you (all I can)
‘cos I see  your secret plan
was to love me... all along!Albert Moses in A Spy who loved me.
Bright smile of an actor.
Character with a smile.
Dreams of the stage of life walking, strutting upon the stage of life.
Eye of a Spy.
Friendly Albert Moses with James Bond.
Grand friend from across the ocean blue.
Honest Albert Moses an actor.Alfons Schuhbeck top chef.
Bavaria, Germany is one of Germany's leading chefs.
chef with a wonderful cookbook.
dreaming at the lake.
eternity of pepper or garlic.
fried or baked.
German cook to those that can afford food.
Honesty, a life of a chef.Actress Angela Oberer passing a moment, Angela Oberer passing a moment
Born and raised in Springville, Utah
Confessions as Dr. Cheryl Givens
Dream big, smile wide, beautiful eyes.
Eyes such colorful eyes.
Friend from a long time ago.
Girl with a lovely smile.
Happy smile.
In fact a lovely actress.Morna Anne Murray CC ONS, known as Anne Murray,
Nice Canadian singer in pop, country, and adult contemporary music.
operation of singing albums have sold over 55 million worldwide.
Pop singer with millions sold.
Queen of Canada music, if truth be told.
Reality a lovely smile.
Singer of music.
Time is eternal for those that sing.
Up on the stage of life singing.
Vivid smile of a wonderful lady.
Winning awards for pop, country, and contemporary music.
Surprised by Joy.
up on stage of life overjoyed.
reality of pleasant joy.
Purpose of astonishing.
running for joy,
I see the joy.
surprise everyone with joy.
eternity is closer than you would expect joy.
destiny is calling surprise by joy.
Be joyful.
you need to enjoy.
Joy fullness is surprising.
Open delight
you need to enjoy.
zig zagging the fame of life.
Abc Poems - New Abc Poem Examples
ABC Poems. Examples of ABC and a list of new poems in the correct poetic form and technique. Share and read short, long, best, and famous ABC poetry while accessing rules, format, types, and a comprehensive literary definition of an ABC.
ABC is a form of poem in which every word begins with a successive letter of the alphabet, but there is more to ABC poems. What is abc in poetry (complete definition) ?Actress Atalanta Harmsworth an English actress.
Britons of Equity actress.
Christmas animal Kracker Bongo actress
Drinker in many a television commercial actress.
Eternity will remember a lovely smile.
Friendly smile.
Girl with a beautiful smile.
Honest lady from England.
In front of you on the tele a lovely lady from the United Kingdom.Artist Berwen serious.
Berwen signed photo in serious mode.
cool picture of Berwen.
dreams of an artist.
eternity as an artist.
finding an actor named Berwen
Great photos of Berwin.
Hope in his dreams.American hockey mascot
Bruin Boston Bear Blade
Censored poetry everywhere
Dream of the cup
Every hocky player on the team loves the bear.
Friendly bear skating, waving, being a hokey bear.
Great smile for a mascot bear.
Hockey mascot the Bruin in German Bear.A Woman's poet with poems about women.
beautiful thoughts of a woman.
Catherine M. Wilsonis a poet.
dreaming of journeys of the heart.
ever a hero's tale.
finding a warrior's path.
girls love to read poems by Catherine M. Wilson.
Honest poet talking about life as a woman.A female politician working for the people.
Born a German, working for Germany.
Christine is a German politician.
Doer in the Christian Democratic Union.
Even as the first woman to become head of government in Thuringia.
Foundation member of many activities.
German lady with a Christian thought, let us hope in Christ.
Hope for Change in Germany to Jesus Christ.
Indeed, Germany needs to change to Christ.Autograph collector, American writer,   Cliff Anderson.
beauty surrounds Mr. Anderson.
Cliff Anderson, person of mystery.
drinking water out of a stream.
enjoying life's greatest dream.
Friendly person drinking from a stream.
Great autograph collector.
Honest writer of books.
Indeed a great collector of autographs.A lovely smile of a queen.
Beautiful queen of the Virginia Miss Teen.
Cute Desiree Williams, Queen of Virginia.
Dreams of kindness, world peace.
eyes of a dreaming queen, Desiree Williams.
Friendly smile of a lady.
Girl next door turned into a fairy tale dream.
Hope shown in lovely eyes.
Indeed, a lady who is a
Lovely beauty queen lady.Austria, beauty queen of 1965.
Beautiful queen of Austria.
Cute in Hogan Heroes.
Dreams of Takes a Thief.
Eternity of a beauty queen.
Fraulein actress Inge Jaklin an actress.
Girl playing in Like Flint.
Hogan Hero as Anna Mannheim.
Inge Jaklin,  a lovely lady.
Jaklin, a wonderful last name of Miss Austria,1965, a lovely lady..
Kind smile of a beauty.
Producer of movies.Actress Jeanine Anderson portraying nurses, waitresses, housewives
Beautiful smile and kind eyes
Cute soda shop customer, juror and lovely eyes
Dream big, go for the sky
Eternity dreams of an actress
Friendly smile of an actress
Girl next door?
Honest face of the girl next door
In reality an actress
Jeanine Anderson a lovely ladyKatja Rieckermann truly is a "Horn Star."
Lovely, sexy saxophone player.
Musician playing performing with Rod Stewart, Brooks and Dunn, Al Green, and more.
Night time player of song for those that love to dance.
Open up on the saxophone.
Play that music white girl.
Queen of the saxophone.
Rieckermann is a "Horn Star."
Saxophone player to the stars.
Timeless sax player.Love of bobsledding is a game
Manuel Machata grew up in Ramsau to become a member of a team.
natural to being a German former bobsledder competed from 2005 to 2015 teams
Olympic gold, silver, bronze placed in two, combined, and four-man bobsledder team
placing himself as a Chinese couch for their bobsled team.
Quiet person with strong legs of a bobsledder.Patryk Pachura race car driver.
quiet driver of race cars.
race car driver around the track.
steering into the curve.
Timed race car driver.
unique Polish driver
Victory lap coming up.
Win that race.Nice lovely smile.
Open your eyes stop hurting people in Germany.
Politician for Germany.
Quiet demeanor means what for Germany?
Rhineland Palatinate bore a Sabine Bätzing-Lichtenthäler with red hair.
Sabine Bätzing-Lichtenthäler is a German politician with a lovely smile.
Time she served as State Minister of Social Affairs, Labour Health.
Unique German politician beautiful red hair.
Vivid red hair(jose_de_claro)
14May’07/03: 35am
Who’s to be blamed when things goes out wrong?
Who’s the culprit who messes up our song?
Who’s the author that governs this plight?
Who is he? Who is he? Who turns off the light?
Deprived of light and so we cannot see.
It’s only us who whirls the elese.
In our life’s ending, we hold the key.
Can’t we just drive and take it easy?
Coz I think to live life is so simple,
Doesn’t need to mix it up with trouble.
All you need is to sweeten up the flavor.
Then you’ll see your kissi’n up your neighbor.
Must kill, the undying love of hatred.
Declare war against envy and greed.
Imagine a world that lives in peace,
See the people spreading hug and kisses.
He says “remove vexation from your heart”.
Keep his word, walk tall and be smart.
You should live your life to the fullest,
Make the most of it before it’s too late.
I write this song as a reminder,
Coz our stay in here is not forever.
It’s inevitable, time just runs out,
So, go out of your shell and make a shout.
And my friend if in case you’re in trouble,
You should not worry you’ll just make it double.
One thing may help; wear a smile in your face,
Coz worrying wouldn’t’ add up your days.Crying for mama,
Desperation sets in.
Everywhere there's blood,
Far from home.
'Please, I don't want to die alone.'Um Mitternacht, das Schulhaus schlief,
Der Klassenraum war leer,
Da hörte man vom Schieferbrett,
Ein lautes: „Bitte sehr! ”
Sprach A zu B: „Ich hasse C!
Hat nicht mal Abitur!
Ich sehe von dem blöden C
den runden Rücken nur’! ”
„Dem ist nicht so! ” sprach D zu B,
„Ich sehe C nicht so!
In meinen Augen is das C
Ein rechtes, offenes O! ”
C war verwirrt: „Wie kann das sein!
Ich schillere in Chrom!
Wär’ anders ich, wo wären dann
Chirurg und Chromosom? ”
„Wie wahr, ” sagt’ E, dann F: „Ahah! ”
Und G fiel ein: „Ich seh’”
Verärgert räuspert sich das H:
„Vergiss mich nicht, mein G! ”
„Mach Platz! ” befahl das L dem K:
Der Koch fiel in das Loch.
Das war dem I und J nicht recht –
Sie spannten’s Loch ins Joch.
Nach einer Weile sprach das V:
„Das W wird nicht besteh’n!
Im alten Rom war V die Fünf,
Drum ist das W schon zehn! ”
Die Hexenstunde flog vorbei
An Ypsilon und Zett;
Sie gähnten laut und gingen dann
Zu schlafen in ihr Bett.
(nach: Spike Milligan: The ABC)Awkwardly they came and
Backwardly started,
Criminal, ruinous they are
Directly devil-like their figure,
Every ill and evil committers.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza| 5 December,2017Abode by cage, dreams
easy fireflies
girdling hermits…
In jerking karma, Lord Magic
nurture options,
pose quizzes,
reassuring such!
To U vain words
Xerox yearnings- -
zigzags.
June 16th,2013.
- - - - - - -
All the 26 letters are weaved into the short poem, by order of sequence.It's no easy task, but there's a lot of fun in shaping it.It is this really for me
I know a lot of thing from ABC
Parent keep tell me to go school
Why should I when know my ABC's
I already have Job
From day to night
Parent keep tell me I could have had it better
If I went to school
I really don't know is school for me
When I already know from ABC'sA pack of wolves stood by quietly watching.
Beginning to act frustrated and anxious.
Calling with howls of anger, piercing eyes glow.
Finally leaping towards a fearful hunter.Daffodil in the morning makes yellow field,
Evening prime rose how beautifully blooms,
Flower, night queen spreads smell at night,
Gardenia always makes the smellers sooth.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza| 5 December,2017Raiding through streets,
Singing each other's feat,
Trolling each other,
United like Brother,
Friends, We are called!Activate the truth
Before your willful closed eyes
Capturing black hands.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 13 December,2017Hats off to them at the ABC party
Apathy, Bankrolling, Corruption
Party, vote now, each vote counts
Singularly void of any or all hope
And will be counted as the majority.
Vote now for the unelected ABC party
Where the majorities ludicrous voice
Shall be quashed disdained ridiculed
And finally registered and rejected
Until finally they're all
Behaving like the master's gundog,
Hats off to them at the ABC party
Apathy, Bankrolling, Corruption
Party, vote now, each vote counts
In their struggle of conquer-and-divide.In the evening after tea
of bread and jam
and a glass of milk
you went out
and met Helen
under the railway bridge
in Rockingham Street
next to the Duke
of Wellington pub
and she was waiting
there looking up
and down the street
and when she saw you
she waved and walked
towards you
where's your doll
Battered Betty?
you asked
mum's washing her clothes
and I didn't want
to bring her out
with nothing on
she said
no that wouldn't be decent
you said
where are we going?
she asked
I want to show you
the passages behind
the ABC cinema
you said
it's like a cavern
of dark passages
and once I saw a rat
running along by a wall
oh god
she said
putting a hand
to her mouth
not a rat
yes it run along
one of the walls
not sure
I want to go there
she said softly
one little rat
isn't going to hurt you
you said
besides I'll chase it away
if it comes
will you?
she said
yes of course I will
nothing is going to harm you
while I am here
you said
you showed her
the toy gun
tucked in
the inside pocket
of your jacket
she nodded
and  she took
your hand
and you walked her
along and up behind
the Trocodero cinema
and onto
the New Kent Road
and you crossed quickly
before the traffic lights changed
and once you got
to the other side
you took her
to the ABC cinema
and went down beside
the cinema walls
along the dark passages
that went on beside
and behind the cinema
all the time
she gripped your hand
and now and then
her grip tightened
when she thought
she saw something
out of the corner
of her eye
what was that?
she said
stopping still
clutching your hand tight
just a piece of paper
blown by the wind
are you sure?
yes just paper
she untightened
her grip
and you both
walked on
with the sound
of traffic and voices
in the distance
and at the back
of the cinema
you came to an entrance
where two doors where
and you said
sometimes the doors are open
and you can sneak in free
she looked at you
her eyes behind
her thick lens glasses
large and innocent
is that allowed?
she asked
no
you replied
if they catch you
you get into trouble
but if you're lucky
you can get in
no trouble
you said
oh
she said
my mum wouldn't like it
if I got into trouble
we won't get in tonight
anyway
you said
the doors are locked
another time maybe
and she gripped
your hand
and her face looked shocked.Must admit, I learn many things from ABC
A  stands for my AIM to live with joy in old age
B  remind me of the fresh air I BREATHE every day
C  CALLS for attention not to fall when I walk
D  teaches me DEVOTION to God
E  gives me hope for ETERNAL life
F  is FAITH believing in what's unseen
G  is seeing GOOD in others
H  insists that I eat HEALTHY food
I  sees that I am not IDLE
J  assures me of JOYFULNESS
K  demands KINDNESS
L  wants my true LOVE for god and mankind
M  warns about MATERIALISM
N  offers NOBLE-MINDEDNESS
O  offers pure OPEN-MINDEDNESS
P  is PRAISING where PRAISE is dew
Q  denotes QUIET time to yourself
R  REFRESHES body with REST
S  is SHARING life's experiences
T  is TOUCHING people's life too.
U  is living a life of UNSELFISHNESS
V  is VOTING without bias
W  is standing in awe of god's WONDERFUL creation
X  is X'mas, the birth of Christ
Y  is not regretting about YESTERDAY
Z  is to be ZEALOUS whenever possible.When education becomes business, it loses value;
That too technical education after becoming so,
Manufactures products of degree holders sans no
Hope of future and knowledge to stand on one's legs!
Not knowing history and world's future, these technicians
Sans general knowledge too, don't know how to change
Their attitude and try their level best in some other line,
When the particular line of job becomes out of reach ever!
Caught in the quagmire, they become depressed due to
Their obsession and roam around as lunatics not knowing
Where they stand and where they have to go in this world
To achieve their aim and get fulfilment in the course of time!
Whatever be the education, it is just the ABC of language;
Using it with creative ability only, one can shine in any field!'Learning ABC'
A soft green carpet,
A rough darkened asphalt.
A carefree fall,
A cautious stroll.
Both have their reasons,
Can't choose just one.Allowing your way
Blaming my name
Claiming it was me
During your game
Enduring the silence
Forgetting our fight
Gaining my trust
Hoping were alright
Insisting you love me
Justifying your choice
Knowing its a lie
Listening to your voice
Missing our laughs
Noting my flaws
Owning my heart
Prisoned in your jaws
Quieting my thoughts
Reading my heart
Sighing on the inside
Thinking of the start
Underestimating my strength
Versing your pefectness
Writing this poem
Xing you worthlessness
You were a jerk
Zeroing in on my weaknessAn account of my life
can be transformed into an epic.
Belonging of mine
can be displayed at museum.
Creations of my thought
can create a new civilization.
Death of my destructible body
can define my life better.
I always gave sth and will always
and will always have sth to offer.What happen if my name is 'HAPPY '
When I am sad.
If people call me,
I wouldn't say Yes.
What if my name is 'BITTER '
While people call me sweetheart.
Life's already difficult to get a name like this,
Now diabetes is also coming close to me.
What if my name is 'CRY ',
Meanwhile people stress we should smile.
Like I've offended the world,
Committed many crimes.
But lucky that my name is 'ABBY SZE',
As simple as that.
Usually they call me 'ABC',
I've immuned to this joke.
But i did like how they laugh at this,
Having their own time.
Hey, what if my name is 'CDE'......Sometimes its the eyes and innocence of the young that enlightens.  If we adults would take the time to truly see through the eyes of innocence perhaps we can climb that beautiful mountain and reach the peak of happiness. The place where bliss exists, PEACE...the beauty of peace.  Let's learn from the young and live happy...Melvina.....Reminds me my country - A
The degradation it is facing - B
By corruption increasing - C
Injustice its people facing. - D
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 30 October,2017Free hands!
Free style!
Little, big!
The night was very short;
But, the meat must be well salted.
Professor ABC!
Without the sun there is no wine;
Sweet candy!
Manifesto,
The soil is needed for a better wine.
Tendency,
Tertiary,
Professor ABC!
To touch it,
To feel it,
To top it;
But, the sun needs the water.Socrates came several thousand years ago
Taught the Greeks truth and "Oneness" from his self sense,
Universal in appeal
Vitality appears in thinking,
Ways of Athens yet know him.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza| 5 December,2017Arrogant, belligerent
children delivering
endless fear.
Growing,
heightened instability
justifies killing.
Lacerated minds,
nefarious outside prison,
questioning righteous society.
Total urban vegetation!
Wasted Xyloids!
Youthful Zealots!Against all odds in still with you,
Beaten and bruised we made it through,
Counting the things I did to you that were so untrue,
Days and the nights I couldn't stand your view,
Emotions that I shattered, the trust and the tears too,
Frankly I couldn't and can't survive a minute in your
shoe,
Games I played and all the pain I put you through,
Heartily you stack to me like glue.
I need you, I needed you and I will need you,
Joy of my life with you my worries are few,
Keep my heart, you kept it safe and because of you I
grew,
Light of my soul, you're my early morning dew.
Mystique love you gave made my dark skies blue,
Nothing I could be If I didn't have you,
Open up my eyes you showed me love I never knew,
Painted my days with passion and sweet memories
too,
Quality love that made me flew,
Roses and rainbows, my love for you will always be
true,
Showered me with affection so warm and cool,
Tenderness that will always remain new.
Unique are all the things you do,
Voice of a thousand angels its you I'm used to.
Wants, needs, desires are all quenched if I have you,
X-ray my heart and see what I feel for you,
You're my happiness the one I will always come
home to,
Zip yourself inside my heart and if I die let me die
with you.Allah is only One, to believe this known Oneness;
By the envoys this message has come to the world;
Creations and humans have received and receiving.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza| 3 December,2017'Twas midnight in the schoolroom
And every desk was shut
When suddenly from the alphabet
Was heard a loud "Tut-Tut!"
Said A to B, "I don't like C;
His manners are a lack.
For all I ever see of C
Is a semi-circular back!"
"I disagree," said D to B,
"I've never found C so.
From where I stand he seems to be
An uncompleted O."
C was vexed, "I'm much perplexed,
You criticise my shape.
I'm made like that, to help spell Cat
And Cow and Cool and Cape."
"He's right" said E; said F, "Whoopee!"
Said G, "'Ip, 'Ip, 'ooray!"
"You're dropping me," roared H to G.
"Don't do it please I pray."
"Out of my way," LL said to K.
"I'll make poor I look ILL."
To stop this stunt J stood in front,
And presto! ILL was JILL.
"U know," said V, "that W
Is twice the age of me.
For as a Roman V is five
I'm half as young as he."
X and Y yawned sleepily,
"Look at the time!" they said.
"Let's all get off to beddy byes."
They did, then "Z-z-z."I’m scared terrified beyond my worst nightmare
Alight with emotions raw and bare as the open soil just after ploughing
I don’t understand, can’t avoid-won’t admit
Boldness: lost and exchanged for involuntary bashfulness
I care for u-about your occasional cold, your state of mind everything: gosh-is it wrong to do so?
Carelessly I drift into a different world-one where light flashes across one’s face blurring logical reasoning
I like hearing from u-a mere “hi” sends my tiny heart fluttering above my head
Dare not: say a word for the tiny rope I hang onto would leave me timidly on the floor
I dream of having a full conversation with u: just to spend time enveloped in an atmosphere of tranquil
Eager beaver I am: yet I shudder to imagine such
I’d fidget around for a while: such is expected for flesh alone can’t carry the weight of feeling so
Flowing through my veins-my heart-my body: my being blood of passion
I feel like our souls are intoxicatingly bound by forces beyond our own control-playing us for fools
Grasping at invisible strands that keep us in control of what we don’t others to see
You are more than just an acquaintance, a companion an interest
Heaven-sent, sun-kissed, mind-blowing out of this world
You awaken parts within me: I’ve known never to exist Alas: my fickle heart
Idleness overpowered drowning in pools of confusion, losing the very essence of me
You have a power I wish I could take away: the influence-the strength aiding my helplessness
Just as a fledgeling surrenders to motherly nurturing: I depend
You are a dream that has evolved into reality
Kinder words I can’t express tongue-tied I’ve become
You are imperfectly you- drawing me closer to that which I refuse to surrender to
Let me be…for such I can’t handle-set I free break my chains
You hold the keys to happiness, deeper existence, worthwhile peace
A chest-full of secrets and answers
Magical, manipulative, melodious, mellow, miraculous, misunderstood, momentous, mortifyingly-merry, mythical LOVE CAN NOT BE FOR EVERYONE…SOME OF US FEEL THE NEED TO BE:
Free as the bird flying high-gazing upon mountains of flowers blossoming under the blazing sun Watching as creatures on the land toil away Foolish yet safe
As painful as it is: And forever it shall be: I sacrifice You-not because of selfishness, pity nor any fault But because I CARE GO on Break away- for I am not Brave enough! O  Sweet misery
(TO BE CONTINUED)Alone and hopeless in a world of woe,
By friends deceived, and spurned by many a foe,
Can man exist, and think, and act, nor feel
Despondency o'er all his being steal?
E'en faith in God and His all-gracious plan
Fails when we lack man's sympathy for man.
'Give us,' we cry, 'friends faithful and sincere—
Happy our present, and our future clear ;
In peace, oh God, our cups with plenty fill,
Join earth to heaven, all sin and sorrow kill;
Kill want and woe, then we shall gladly own
Love rules the earth, and God doth reign alone—
Mercy His crown, and Righteousness His throne!'
Nay, speak not so, it ill becomes a clod
Of lowly earth to dictate to his God !
Put down rebellion in thee, and no more
Question those gifts God poureth from his store.
Remember whence thou art, and whither bent ;
Say not 'tis evil which the Lord hath sent
To serve His gracious ends. He shall hold sway
Until each soul shall love him and obey.
Virtue brings peace. Seek her and thou shall find
What arms 'gainst griefs the philosophic mind.
Xantippe might scold, yet Socrates pursued,
Year in, year out, his philosophic mood—
Zealous for God, and for the cause of good.Aeroplane touches the land
Bustling noise fills the vacant
Circling some motion and emotion
"Departure time", says the announcement
Especially at the ending of final moment.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza| 5 December,2017Acting goes throughout the life
Before acting more you should think
Come you have already
Dance and sing how much you can
Enjoy life or sacrifice
Face the inevitable truth
God knows everything of all in and out.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza| 5 December,2017Precambrian Era (4600 to 542.0 million years ago)
A permanent record of the Earth's past is marked by the
Boundaries of different layers of sedimentary rock which
Contains fossilized remains of plants and animals laid
Down over millions of years. Precambrian is the first of
Earth's geologic ages. The Precambrian age is by
Far the longest, starting 4.5 billion years ago. It is believed a
Global ice age was near its end causing extinctions of life that
Harnessed the sun's power through photosynthesis. This
Ice age may have may have changed the mix of a complex
Jackpot of multi-celled life-forms, with many that were
Killed off to start the Cambrian Period.
Levels of oxygen gradually climbed in the atmosphere from
Microscopic cyanobacteria, reaching about one percent
Nearly two billion years ago. About 800 million years ago,
Oxygen levels rose to about 21 percent (like today)   by
Photosynthesis from the cyanobacteria.
Quests to find out about this period have shown that the oxygen-
Rich ozone layer was also established which
Shields the Earth from harmful solar radiation.
This laid the groundwork to
Usher in the Cambrian and the rest of the Paleozoic with their
Various life forms.
Cambrian Period (542.0 to 488.3 mya)
A dramatic burst of evolutionary changes in life on Earth
Became known as the 'Cambrian Explosion.' Some resembled
Clams, and there were arthropods and chordates (animals with a
Dorsal nerve cord) . This period lasted about 53 million years of
Earth's history. The end of this period is marked by evidence in the
Fossil record of a mass extinction event about 490 million years ago.
Glaciers and a colder climate may have been the cause.
Ordovician Period (488.3 to 443.7 mya)
Algae and sponges dominated reef ecosystems and sometimes by
Bryozoans. However, there apparently were also periods of
Complete reef collapse due to global disturbances.
Diverse marine life was here, including graptolites, trilobites and
Early vertebrates, and brachiopods. There were also primitive
Fish, cephalopods, corals, crinoids, and gastropods, plus red and
Green algae. Tetrahedral spores similar to those of primitive land plants
Have been found, suggesting that plants invaded the land at this time.
Invertebrate genera and 25% of all families went extinct.
Silurian Period (443.7 to 416.0 mya)
About 443.7 to 416.0 million years ago was a time when many
Biologically significant events occurred. In the oceans, there were
Crinoids spreading widely and proliferation of the brachiopods.
Deglaciation and rise in sea levels created many new marine habitats.
Erratic climatic fluctuations ended for a time and coral reefs made their
First appearance during this time.
Devonian Period (416.0 to 359.2 mya)
All through the Devonian period, the seas were dominated by
Brachiopods, such as the spiriferids, and by tabulate and rugose
Corals, which built large reefs in shallow waters. In the Lower
Devonian, ammonoids appeared, leaving us large limestone deposits.
Echinoderms, graptolites, bivalves and trilobites were all present.
Forests spread, and complex root systems may have altered the
Global climate. Whatever the cause, the first vertebrates
Hobbled onto the land.
Carboniferous Period (359.2 to 299.0 mya)
Attached filter feeders such as fenestellids, a common type of
Bryozoans, were abundant in this environment, as were brachiopods.
Clams made their first appearance in freshwater, and there was
Diversity in sharks and an increase in gastropod and bony fish. The
Environment supported fewer corals, crinoids, cryozoans, and bryzoans.
Fluctuations in sea level can be seen in the rocks as striped patterns from
Glaciation. Sea levels dropped, leading to an increase in terrestrial
Habitat. As the continents moved closer to forming Pangea, there was an
Increase of marine life in those shallow continental waters.
Permian Period (299.0 to 251.0 mya)
'Age of Dinosaurs' is what this period is called after a mass extinction.
Brachiopods, ammonoids, fusilinids, and other marine invertebrates, and
Conodonts fossils occur within such specific time frames that strata are
Determined by them and permit stratigraphic identification. In the
Early Permian, it appeared that the snapsids were to be the animals
Found most on land, but later on, the sauropsid group were most when the
'Great Dying' occurred. In as little as 100,000 years of Earth's
History, the majority of living species on the planet were wiped out.
Investigations showed evidence of catastrophic volcanic activity that
Justifiably would have initially caused rapid global cooling and
Killing of many species, and leading to increased glaciations.
Lowered sea levels and volcanic fallout would account for
Marine ecosystems in collapse due to much higher levels of CO2,
Not in the air, but in the oceans.
Triassic Period (251.0 to 199.6 mya)
At the beginning of the Triassic, land masses of the world were still
Bound together into the vast supercontinent known as Pangea.
Climate of the Triassic Period was influenced by Pangea.
Due to the low sea level, flooding of the continents did not occur.
Elevation of the continents were high compared to sea level.
Forests in Luarasia in beginning Triassic were dominated by conifers;
Gondwana was dominated by Dicroidium and Thinnfeldia. By the end, both
Hemispheres gave way to conifer and cycad vegetation.
Inevitably the climate changed as the continents drifted apart.
Jurassic Period (199.6 to 145.5 mya)
Apatosaurus and many other dinosaurs roamed the land in the Jurassic.
Brachiosaurus was another huge one. Small, fast bird-like coelurosaurs,
Ceratosaurs (horned reptiles)   called Earth home. The famous
Diplodocus is a large long-necked Sauropod. Some plant life had
Evolved from Bryophytes, the mosses that lacked vascular tissue.
Floras were different from what we see today. Ferns, bennettitaleans,
Ginkgoes and cycads flourished in the Jurassic. Along with the large
Herbivores were some carnosaurs: Allosaurus and Tyrannosaurus rex.
Ichthyosaurus was a fish-shaped reptile in the sea. In August 2011,
Juramaia was discovered by scientists in China. This tiny animal is
Kinfolk to placental mammals, so has caused excitement.
Cretaceous Period (145.5 to 65.5 mya)
At the time of the Cretaceous, many modern groups of insects were
Beginning to diversify, and we find the oldest known ants and butterflies.
Ceratopsian and pachycepalosaurid dinosaurs appeared then. Some
Dinosaurs that learned to fly included the pterosaurs and Confuciusornis.
Extensive new coastlines came about from the continents moving apart.
Forests with oaks, hickories, and magnolias became common.
Grasshoppers and gall wasps appear, as well as termites and bees.
Half of the world's species went extinct about the time an asteroid hit.
Invertebrates became extinct in what was clearly a climatic event.
Eocene Epoch (55.8 to 33.9 mya)
An early horse ancestor, the dawn horse, is among the fossils found in
Both North America and Europe in the lower Eocene rocks.
Cattle and sheep are some of the artiodactyls fossils found.
Deer is another, and perissodactyls include rhinoceroses and tapirs.
Eocene Epoch marks the first appearance in the fossil record of the
First elephant-like animals and the early bats. There were whales and
Gastropods (a class of mollusks containing snails, slugs, and limpets) .
Oligocene Epoch (33.9 to 23.03 mya)
As a result of the cooling trend, habitats were directly affected.
Biotic provinces became more fragmented as sea dwellers
Capable of cooler temps went further from the warmer equator.
Deer, camel, elephants, cats, dogs, and primates began to dominate,
Except in Australia. Migration occurred between continents.
Falcons, eagles, hawks, and many families of rodents appeared.
Grasses and composites increased in abundance globally.
Horses experienced a period of diversification.
Miocene Epoch (23.03 to 5.332 mya)
Africa and Eurasia encountered significant tectonic movement.
Beginning in mid-Miocene, there was warming, followed by a
Cooling. It is considered responsible for diversification of plant life.
Desmostylia and other ocean-going mammals went extinct.
Eurasia and Australia grew increasingly arid. Europe kept its moist
Forests. Antarctica became isolated from the other continents.
Global ocean and atmospheric circulation were affected by that.
Hoofed mammals underwent a period of rapid evolution.
Pliocene Epoch (5.332 to 2.588 mya)
Asia's and India's tectonic plates collided, forming the Himalayas.
Basin ranges of Nevada and Utah were uplifted along with the
Colorado plateaus. Armadillo, opossum, and porcupines went north.
Dogs, cats, bears and horses migrated south. The beginning of the
Epoch saw numerous fluctuations in temperature.
Forests were replaced by grasslands. This favored grazing animals.
Generally the climate is thought to have been much warmer than today.
Hot times were replaced with cold and polar ice caps started to develop.
Pleistocene Epoch (2.588 mya to 11,700 ya)
Alternately, temperate zones were covered and uncovered by glaciers
Because of dramatically shifting climates and temperatures.
Camels and horses galloped across the plains of North America.
Diatoms, foraminifera, and plant pollen, were both abundant.
Ever larger land mammals appeared such as mammoths and mastodons.
Flowering plants, insects, mollusks, birds and mammals survive to this day.
Great teratorn birds with 25-foot wingspans stalked prey.
Homo sapiens came about, and humans spread through most of the world.
Holocene Epoch (11,700 years ago to today)
Another name for the Holocene is the Anthropogene, the 'Age of Man.'
By 8000 B.C., the cultivation of wheat, etc. had spread from the Fertile
Crescent through much of the Indo/European world.
Domestication of sheep, goats and cattle began at about the same time.
Extinction of the 'mega-mammals' caused Humans to switch to
Far smaller game and agriculture for their food supply.
Genetic modification of food started, and now is almost exclusive.
Habitat destruction is the leading cause of species extinction today.
Improved sanitation and medical care caused death rates to decline.
Judicial decisions against the death penalty further increased population.
Killing of police officers is increasing, while birth rates continue to climb.
Limiting factors in the environment provide natural balances to populations.
Monoculture has affected the composition and fertility of the soil.
Nuclear power has had some catastrophes, but is still an important tool.
Oil drilling and refinement have led to high migration of humans and pets.
Populations are rising with few restrictions, and are exponential.
Quakes in the earth are getting more frequent. Fracking is suspected.
Racial clashes around the world are a source of destruction and migration.
Species gone extinct in the Holocene are counted as at least 171.
Transportation across oceans has spread viruses and bacteria globally.
Uranium enrichment can be good, but can be the way to mass extinctions.
Virus mutations have led to super-viruses that are immune to antibiotics.
War has been the cause of mass migration, and smoke affecting climate.
X-rays save lives by alerting to medical problems that can be solved.A
Big
Complication
Dealing
Emotions
For
Great
Heaps
Inasmuch
Jealousy
Kicks
Low
Medially
Now
Over
Pass ion
Quickly
Running
Strands
Triggerin g
Unexpected
Voices
X-Ray
Yields
Z estAnother bright candescent day
Escapes, forever gone
Hiding in jewels known long
Making neon opal pearls
Quests possessing reason
Somehow time unmasks
Victories won
Xylophones yielding
ZenA is for Alien
B is for basin
C is for cistern
D is for den
E is for Eden
F is for fun
G is for gun
H is for hen
I is for iron
J is for jinn
K is for ken
L is for line
M is for men
N is for none
O is for open
P is for pen
Q is for queen
R is for run
S is for Sun
T is for tin
U is for union
V is for van
W is for woman
X is for X men
Y is for yarn
Z is for ZenAngry at you because you did not really pay attention to me.
Because you did not know how to show your love, because you
Criticized me and chastised me for all the things that I
Did or did not do.  You made me feel like I was not
Equal to my peers.  I felt
Frightened to be around my peers.  I feel
Giddy at times when I am around them because they make me
Happy  - Happy to be alive.  You made me feel
Insignificant.  Not proud to be
Judy.
Kindred spirits came through for me - people actually
Like me.  They enjoy
My company
Not afraid to be seen with me, like you are, even though I am
Obese.  They want to help me.  He, in particular thinks I am
Pretty.  He does not think I am
Queer like you.  We have a
Romantic relationship.  He loves me.  We had a
Sexual relationship.  We love being
Together - maybe forever.
Unlike you, who made me feel ugly and did not want to be
With me.
You made me
Very unhappy and insecure.
Why?
(e) Xplain this to me - why have I spend years in therapy
trying to deal with the effects of
Your behaviors.  Why did you behave me towards me like I was
better off in a
Zoo?Aeon
Beliefs
Create
Dream
Existence
Fanning
Gigantic
Hopes.
Incessantly
Judging
Karmic
Lifetimes
Most
Nev er
Openly
Penetrate,
Quest
Remains
Search
That
Undercu ts
Vital
Wishes
Xenogenic
Yin/yang
Zone
Although
Beings
Change
Dimensions
Eternally
Fundamental
Gif ts
Handle
Insight,
Joining
Knowledge,
Love,
Mixing
New
Overviews,
Piercing
Questions.
Reality
Shows
Thought,
Understanding,
Values
Will
Xerox
Yearning
Zarath ustrans.
Advance
By
Challenging
Deceitful,
Erroneous
Flawed,
Gobbledygook.
Hear
Innate
Justice
Kneeding
Logi cal
Meshwork,
Novel
Observations
Perfectly
Quashin g
Recycled
Slanted
Theses.
Unpin
Vanity,
Worthless,
Xeric,
Yielding
Zero.
Always
Be
Creative,
Despise
Egocentric
Featherbrains.
Gl ean
Harmony
In
Joy.
Knaves
Leave
Much
Nonsense
Online .
Prefer
Quiet
Reflection
Surmounting< br>Tribulations.
Use
Vocabulary
Without
Xenophobia,
Yet
Zen.A triangle on stilts
Two blank tombstones lying on their sides
An ear that cannot hear
A toothless sideways grin
A pitchfork with no handle
A toothbrush with only two bristles standing on its end
A bent horseshoe about to pour its luck out
A ladder with a single rung
That, HELLO, now has fallen over
A hook hanging from the ceiling
A butterfly resting on a cliff face
That spot where the floor meets the wall
A bottomless book
An ironed lightning bolt
A hoop to jump through
A loophole set up high so no one can squeeze through it.
An old-fashioned game
Someone=s placed a ramp up to the loophole
Concave piled on convex
Subtract a lofty minus from a plus
A valley with steep walls
That suddenly open to let you out
Thankfully you escape the glacier that comes through
St. Andrew=s cross
A martini glass
A partially folded tri-matTake the peg to the river
Strike with the peg, the waters.
Tell no one whatever you see:
Some will for it take you to the sea.
17: 01: 01: 22: 40An abecedarian with hockey as the theme in my Sexaholic Shopaholic Workaholic series
-Gayathri B. Seetharam
Acknowledgements: 1. American Academy of Poets
2. Wikipedia
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
As per a request, I choose hockey, Canada's game as the theme
And begin by saying that 1994, our first year in Canada, the Toronto Maple Leafs were big
Although Auston Matthews was not even born then
As my own 19 year old son (turns 20 in another 5 weeks)was not a part of our world
Aptitude for a certain play, Art of the game, Aspirations for a career oriented life figured on my list of wishes;
Beautiful was I with my, many a time,
Brazen bold seduction of my husband
Breasts I had as a natural asset and in retrospect, I think
Ballsy was I despite the shyness I had
Becquerels of radioactivity did the two of us emit, Batting of eyelids could I be accused of, Best was I at homemaking and study;
C Programming and math was the name of the game in Spring 1994
Canada it was from then on for we had moved from Phoenix, USA
Cuddling after with a cigarette smoke, dearest, you got a biscuit in the basket to satisfy the Sexaholic in me
Could it be even fathomed that your playing above the Red Line sometimes-days were over
Condom happy, I never let you be a winger
Could it be otherwise possible at the net end for it was a sniper for you at all times
Call it the perks of homemaking, we played for the same team
Characterwise - you were the Pepper Pot who lingered in the rink, Conductwise - you did not need a Jock for I was gentle and loving in my sucking of your manhood, Caresseswise - you had me at the first suck of my tongue or my breasts for I, as the momma hide the cookies in the top shelf;
Do I make the rounds today as the Shopaholic
Dollars I must spend, for a few more would not make a big hole in my purse
Daywise, it would be simply beautiful to go to the Hockey Hall of Fame gift store
Delightful was our visit to the main museum some years ago
Dillydally will I when I make a purchase for myself, Dashing will my son look in a CANADA jersey
DaddyO has the edge when it comes for a family outing;
Effective was my painting of Auston Matthews getting the puck in as a Workaholic
Educated should I become in the details of the hockey world
"Evermore Nevermore"
Escher could not boast of as fine a theme in a painting
Elitist would I be if I were erudite in the ways of hockey or even the NHL, Effortless it seems despite the sweat dripping from their faces, Esther Williams effect would I have on the entire world if I were to enter the hockey arena in a swimsuit;
LUCKY am I as the Sexaholic Shopaholic Workaholic
Loving and Loved
Understanding and Understood
Cultured and Cute
Knowledgeable and Keen
Yesteryears-wise, mostly happy AND Yours Truly, my dear husband and beloved son, in the years to come.Aye I call you a pig and hog! Don’t worry same
Blood flows in me – Inhumane, my name I
Change and mood each time anew – A-bomb
Dingbat, bouncing-betty, Gelignite, ragsorter’s
Explosive, c4 plastic as I’m so materialistic;
Food I eat with automatic hand, just a stick
Geez! Some proteins and Vitamins inward
Hey! I push but result is a fat round belly outward
ira! All are trained idiots & cultured apes, is not a
Jeering tag as we forget all in the world is transient;
KO, my life is gone hither and thither, in water a
Literary splitter-splatter, and die in living.Accomplished verse must whizZ
Zestfully forwards as imagination's fleA
Bites author's itchy fingers. Cells greY
Yearn to coin expressions. Gift of gaB
Crafts timeless phrases which waX
Xanadu with Coleridge nectar, emotive gamut pedantiC,
Devise surprising riddles whose fair floW
Will appeal to all who reaD
Empathetic intellect must reV
Vers libres, prose or traditional versE,
Free or formally structured, before life says adieU.
Unlimited possibilities, both flexible and stifF
Glow, grow and encourage lighT
Themes, weighty arguments, or emotional sonG,
Heavy here, light there, unpretentiouS.
Sure instinct stimulates inner growtH.
Insight, acting as an intellectual spuR,
Rewards readers and writer where not restricted to the 'I'.
Judgemental values shed from Zimbabwe to IraQ.
Quest for immortality, perceived as holy hadJ,
Karmic grail, is accorded toP
Priority for life's boat that sooner or later springs a leaK,
Leaving little to survive Lethe's oblivion shampoO
Or inspire others to saiL
Manfully upon seas uncharted by other men or womeN.
New forms in themselves add no gleaM
Native to poetry, often lose steaM,
Marred by inaccessibility. Experiments abecedariaN
Or atonal contemporary 'e-zines' under whatever vanity labeL
Leave much to be desired, their quality is frequently toO
Poor to last, too topical, too obscure, or too darK.
Keep in mind that the poet's creative leaP -
Quest, or self-centred search for memorial TaJ
Jehan - longs to build in verse or prose colloQ
Remains elusive to all using writing as an existential alibI
Ineffective at hiding inadequacy. Flaw and erroR,
Self-defeating, never stay the course, double bogey their entH
Half-hearted drive towards proverbial Elysian green pastureS.
Thus, whole unwon not hole in one. Keats' 'eternal longinG'
Goes phut, stutters, stumbles, falls, fails forgotten, inspiration cuT,
Undone ambitions, pointless lemming clifF.
Final verdict left to self-styled critics acting in lieU,
Vainly attempt to catch Fame's eyE,
Efforts dissipated, meeting the same fate as BrezhneV
Whose invasion of Afganistan leaD
Directly to Soviet collapse. Poetry represents harmonic undertoW
Xcluding tongue-in-cheek prolifiC
Coarse catchwords such as those in this particular heliX.
Years later this thesis may, although written adliB,
Become a classic example of erudite poetic wordplaY
Zebra stripes critically stripped for sense  - a pizza extravaganzA
Acrostic masking kabbalistic meanings beneath literary pizzazZ.
The first line begins with A and ends with Z
the next line begins with Z and ends with A
The next line begins with B and ends with Y
The next line begins with Y and ends with B
The next line begins with C and ends with X
The next line begins with X and ends with C etc etc etc
26 February 2009 revised 26 September 2016A maiden fair met Mr. Z,
Zealous bigot not her cup of teA,
Before accepting Mr. Y
Years eight and eighty, not a deB,
Could nor with him nor Mr. X,
Xanax share, they weren't pneumatiC.
Decided that Mr. W
Was far too fat, had a big heaD,
Ended that and turned to  Mr. V
Viagra prized more than virtuE.
Found naught in common with Mr. U
Unkempt, distraught and very stifF
Gladly told him so and lefT
To an appointment with Mr.G -
His voice was raucous, spectacleS
Shady, of uncertain healtH,
Insensitive, an arrant cuR,
Ready to furnish alibI.
Judged him too seedy. Mr. Q
Questions refused to answer.  Mr. J
Knew little, so she lost no sleeP,
Perplexedly, lost, in the darK.
Little Miss French called Mr. O
Of Bury St. Edmonds, and, bad girL
Made eyes, flirting with other meN
Now here now there as Cupid's aiM,
Netted another victim, SaM:
Most unfortunately Sam loved BeN,
Or was it Harry PercevaL,
'Life's full of surprises', she said, 'whO
Prepares for doomsday earthquake cracK? '
Kind lady then turned to Mr P
Queried his clothes, while Mr. J.
Just turned her down for some Miss Q
Rebuttal neither you nor I
Is sure to understand because her floweR
Scent seductive low and higH?
Had perfumed all about who pasS
Their days around her, praises sinG,
Giff thanks for such a musky wafT,
Unusual neighborhoods does whifF.
Fair lady recovered, Mr. U,
Vain she found him, then fell her eyE
Eagle like on Mr. V
Who seemed as favorite most aheaD
Dream dashed too soon when she did knoW.
Xavier his name was, saturnine sceptiC,
Crude of speech and rude of seX
Yet self-important spendthrift criB.
Befuddled by love she turned to Lady SlY,
Zara by name, who pleased sublime papA
And thats tale gate date end from A to Z.XYLOPHONIC RESONANCE HE LICKS ENIGMATIC
Kindly refer to notes.  and see Temptations and Poetic Pizza Extravaganza below :)
Xylophonic Resonance
double helix abecedarian
The first line begins with A and ends with Z
the next line begins with Z and ends with A
The next line begins with B and ends with Y
The next line begins with Y and ends with B
The next line begins with C and ends with X
The next line begins with X and ends with C
A to Z top down A to Z bottom up
All fizzle, finish frazzled, launched with fizZ.
Zero dreams teem when spirit seems at seA
Because most adepts of philosophY
Yearn for zenith seldom dwell on ebB,
Carpe diem value, seeking sea, sun, seX.
Xylem tree of life’s cannibalistiC
Desires corrupt deeds most men seW,
With survival’s urge soon lost indeeD.
Events churn causal patterns, AsimoV
Viewed clearly, took as starship journey cuE
Finding worlds which may appeal to yoU,
Unknown reader from beyond Time’s gulF -
Great divide between those past, those lefT -
Time travellers peruse these lines to sinG
High praise of poets who’ll know no more springS.
Spontaneousl prose poem picks pensive patH
In patter pattern, feet dance to empoweR.
Rhythm harmonious, need no alibI,
Joins sense, style versatile, from mind's H.Q.,
Questions seeks, finds answers.  Soujourn’s hadJ
Knowledge acquires to share more than to keeP,
Pipes clear to others drifting through the darK.
Lark sings dawn’s welcome song, and each man’s taO
Opens connections, on life’s sea a-saiL
Ma d, sad, glad, bad, for threescore years and teN
Never certain of his mortal aiM,
Nor sure to gain posthumous fame, acclaiM,
Making ends meet in hope to rise agaiN
On judgement day should trust and faith prevaiL.
Life-spans increase but trite hullabaloO
Prepares too few for winding sheet, corpse starK,
Kings, Presidents and crowd condemned to sleeP,
Quest over, in no Shah Jehan’s fair TaJ,
Judge! Wonders of the world in tome or FAQ
Remain till flood or earthquake SvengalI
Identitydestroys when come their houR.
Stands Rhodes’ Colossus stony eyed and higH?
Hanging Gardens, Babylon’s green GrasS?
Thus earth all swallows, as the changes rinG
Glut or famine, leaves the rich berefT,
Upsets regimes, and redefines itselF.
Fresh or stale, hale, halt, Huns, Goths, AinU,
Vandals, Franks, forgotten, vain their strifE, -
Eternity mocks Boris KasparoV
When chess game lasts millenia whose speeD
Defies time travel’s role-reversal floW.
Xanthic parchments, works iconographiC
Crumble! What Tyrannosaurus reX
Yet rules blue planet? Will ant, spider weB,
Be as extinct as world wide web one daY?
Zigzag chance ignores each mortal pleA
All idols break despite their razzmatazZ.
An essay such as this deserves no buzZ.
Zany experiment as stylistic fleA
Bounces from A to Z in interplaY,
Yin Yang spiral bouncing like a squiB
Constantly as an alphabet refleX
Xerophytic context’s cul-de-saC
Delineates descriptions poets draW.
Wherewhithal consistently restricteD,
Each line leaves breathless welcome, neurones reV,
Vibrate despite form artificial, prosE
Fulfilling prompt as words make points.  GurU
Unchained yet chained advances off the cufF
Grafts true poetic spear to karmic hafT
Translating into right write some style wronG
Halfway house conundrum.  Author’s trackS
Scultpt lasting trace responding to the wisH
Idiosyncratic to transcend life’s doweR
Respecting Death. Is poet prophet or mahdI
Justly revered from Rome unto IraQ?
Quarellsome envy explains why British raJ
Knew not two hundred years? Can counting sheeP
Perplexity remove from brains which parK
Loaded dice stress away as night seeks tO
Overcome day’s tedious trouble, toiL,
Makes preparation for tomorrow’s booN -
New space bestowing where choice meets no daM,
Ne’er stumble into superficial shaM.
Measure opportunities, draw plaN
Offering success none fault or foiL.
Little by little words through verbal voodoO
Phrase phase explore.  Screed, starting as a larK,
Knits here tight vowels that consonantly reaP
Quality let the poet play DJ
Juxtaposing helix soundtrack seQ
Responsively, grey matter churns from I
Inwards then out to you my reader deaR.
Subtly within word-bank we, skillful, fisH
Here, there, refining able argumentS,
Task relatively simple once the swinG
Gets going, self-sustained, insanely swifT,
Uncanny erudition spins no gafF.
Faced with linguistic hurdles impromptU
Verve tames phonetic wild rose to disposeE
Each syllable with able scansion LISTSERV
Willingly transmits every lanD.
Doubting Thomas sceptic must kowtoW,
Xeroxing copies of masterpiece.  No cyniC
Can deny neuronal synapses fleX
Youthful connections never dull or draB
Belying utter incredulitY.
Zeno might admit disciple.  YeA!
Are change and motion illusory fuzZ?
Approaching final strophe words quick whizZ
Zestfully,  translate to panaceA
Between the lines no critic may gainsaY.
Yes, here is talent, though Time’s taxi-caB
Culls everything: Death ‘dura lex, sed leX.’
X marks the spot intelligence ad hoC
Delights combining letters meant to groW
Wittily together, tail to heaD,
Examines life’s progress as minstrel’s improV
Ventures beyond all duty’s call through lovE
For story told as object of virtU
Unexpectedly providing in a jifF
Graceful example of true talent’s gifT.
Theme is retained throughout this triple sonG.
Here good intentions, no lines misfitS
Some humour show. Alliteration’s sasH
Incorporates spiral sent to steeR
Reel really free from demon incubI
Juice sucking from the senses one to cinQ.
Quadrant space herein sees object, subJ
Key together, seldom seem to stoP, -
Perhaps because light waves mix quark and quirK
Link to and through mind’s magic kangaroO
Overleap barriers where most others falL.
Merry essay of one afternooN.
Naught ventured, nothing gained, you’ll meet no spaM,
No filler words, intelligence seeks beaM
Masterful, diverse, didactic, to gleaN,
Outside time, life’s essence on the boiL.
Lively vision, spurning constraints’ taboO,
Panders to none, no sentences sound weaK.
Kudos is gained through sharing though most weeP,
Quite out of depth with this endeavour’s obJ.
Jump queue cue line to line. Artist EsQ
Rapidly records ideas illuminatI
Instinctively admire, crowns his careeR,
Sparkling with wit for pleasure not for casH,
Humorous polysyllabic worthinesS
That scans throughout, and, more than anythinG,
Gives insight into ways art shows the lighT
Unseen before, as Moses’ rod and stafF
Forged a path to Holy Land’s bijoU.
Vivacious stanzas' single theme dream herE
Explain how poets play RachmaninoV
With practiced fingers, keyboard echoes feD,
Divinely taught, taut tempo seldom sloW.
Xylophonic resonance he licks enigmatiC
Creates mix musical most cares may fiX.
Yeast fermenting in neuronal huB
Blends moral sense and sensitivitY,
Zaps alphabet to perfect cup of teA,
And, teasing waits, points taken … all that jazZ!
Attempting a fourth verse in St. TropeZ,
Zen scribe feared vocabulary amnesiA.
Baited breath, awaiting fresh foraY
Yapping, tapping letters like a craB.
Could J Q V X Z key in?  RelaX!
Xenophile rants avoided, muse most plastiC.
Devil-may-take attitude knew somehoW
Words’ worth mixed mirth with birth, gave stanzas punneD.
Expectantly he twined his strophe IV -
Visibly aware that Latin numeratE.
Fellows may draw on extra bordereaU
Unworried deadpan critics pan his ‘stufF’.
God’s granted me a very special gifT
Thought he as concentration let him brinG
Humour and skill in context.  Little fusS
Seemed necessary though the scope and girtH
Impressive of the project caused a stiR.
Rising early, bold as GaribaldI,
Justifying MENSA test I.Q. -
Quotient suspect  - onward Robin J
Knocked up an extra stanza scarce less deeP,
Pleasantly looking forwards, never bacK.
Lightheartedly his fingers to and frO
Oustanding essay penned and in a whirL
Majestically completed task amaiN.
Numbing might seem creative task to chuM
Nosily wondering what made mind huM
Musically as theme imaginative self-spuN.
One stanza in itself would seem a pearL,
Links four surpass all expectations. “ToO
Pretentious to deserve a double clicK,
Knack facile, with enjambements, food for foP, ”
Quipped envious Father Barnaby S.J.
Jesting the devil threatened PDQ
Refusing challenge from laic litteratI
Impervious to papal bull as beaR
Sniffing lavender honey, syrup lusH
Hibernation done, who’d hunger addresS.
Though stanza unrehearsed proceeds, song streaminG,
Gaily flows towards its final parT,
Uniting laughter, skill, it seems as iF
Fifth verse is not impossible as thrU
Vocabulary vast, creative tunE,
Extra effort in rare dialect slaV
Would, in time, be very well receiveD.
Due diligence may readers care to folloW,
Xenogamy induced by alphabetiC
Chain double helix thinking out of boX, -
Your author is no sacrificial lamB.
Best things come in small parcels, this, too lengthY,
Zones of comfort may disturb, agendA
Alarm, so let calm rule, we’ll turn to other biZ.
23 February 2009 revised 26 February 2009
robi03_1859_robi03_0000 AQV_IJZ
Amain – with all speed and or strength
Babylon Hanging Gardens, Rhodes’ Colossus – Wonders of the ancient world no longer extant
Bijou - jewel
Bordereau detailed note or memorandum of account; especially: one containing an enumeration of documents
Cinq – five – the five senses in this context
Cul-de-sac – dead end
Cull – weeded out, the person or thing rejected set aside as inferior in quality
Due Diligence - care that a reasonable person exercises to avoid harm to others. Corporate analysis in preparation for a business transaction
Esq.  – esquire … in the U.K. equivalent of Mr.
Iconographic - Representing by means of pictures or diagrams; as, an icongraphic encyclopaedia.
Hadj – Islamic pilgrimage
IlluminatI -  Persons professing especial spiritual or intellectual enlightenment.
Jehan and Taj  - Shah Jehan built the Taj Mahal
jiff - jiffy, rapidly
LISTSERV http: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LISTSERV LISTSERV is the first electronic mailing list software application
obj  - object objective
PDQ  Pretty Damn Quick
quark hypothetical truly fundamental particle in mesons and baryons; there are supposed to be six flavors of quarks (and their antiquarks) ,
Quadrant - the area enclosed by two perpendicular radii of a circle.  Any of the four areas into which a plane is divided by two orthogonal coordinate axes
quirk a strange attitude or habit, verb:  to twist or curve abruptly
Raj  1757_1847 British Empire over and in India
Razmataz – currently translatable as bling-bling
Seq – sequent, sequence
subj  - subject subjective
Swengali - someone (usually maleficent)    who tries to persuade or force another person to do his bidding
Virtu: objet d'art collectively, artistic quality, love of or taste for fine objects of art
Xanthic yellow
Xerophytic -  adapted to a xeric (or dry)    environment
Xylem  -   Wood
Xylophonic – as a Xylophone
Xenogamy - Cross fertilization.
Xerox - photocopy
Zany a buffoon in one of the old comedies; imitates others for ludicrous effect
a man who is a stupid incompetent fool
23 February 2009 robi3_18_robi3_0000 AQV_IJZ
written tongue in cheek in respect of forms as in double helix abecedarian
variation on a theme Poetic Pizza Extravaganza - Temptations - Xylophonic Resonance He Licks Enigmatic
Temptations
double helix abecedarian written tongue in cheek
A maiden fair met Mr. Z,
Zealous bigot not her cup of teA,
Before accepting Mr. Y
Years eight and eighty, not a deB,
Could nor with him nor Mr. X,
Xanax share, they weren't pneumatiC.
Decided that Mr. W
Was far too fat, had a big heaD,
Ended that and turned to  Mr. V -
Viagra prized more than virtuE.
Found naught in common with Mr. U
Unkempt, distraught and very stifF
Gladly told him so and lefT
To an appointment with Mr.G -
His voice was raucous, spectacleS
Shady, of uncertain healtH,
Insensitive, an arrant cuR,
Ready to furnish alibI.
Judged him too seedy. Mr. Q
Questions refused to answer.  Mr. J
Knew little, so she lost no sleeP,
Perplexedly, lost, in the darK.
Little Miss French called Mr. O
Of Bury St. Edmonds, and, bad girL
Made eyes, flirting with other meN
Now here now there as Cupid's aiM,
Netted another victim, SaM:
Most unfortunately Sam loved BeN,
Or was it Harry PercevaL,
'Life's full of surprises', she said, 'whO
Prepares for doomsday earthquake cracK? '
Kind lady then turned to Mr P
Queried his clothes, while Mr. J.
Just turned her down for some Miss Q -
Rebuttal neither you nor I
Is sure to understand because her floweR
Scent seductive low and higH?
Had perfumed all about who pasS
Their days around her, praises sinG,
Giff thanks for such a musky wafT,
Unusual neighborhoods does whifF.
Fair lady recovered, Mr. U,
Vain she found him, then fell her eyE
Eagle like on Mr. V
Who seemed as favorite most aheaD -
Dream dashed too soon when she did knoW.
Xavier his name was, saturnine sceptiC,
Crude of speech and rude of seX
Yet self-important spendthrift criB.
Befuddled by love she turned to Lady SlY,
Zara by name, who pleased sublime papA -
And thats tale gate date end from A to Z.
24 February 2009
The first line begins with A and ends with Z
the next line begins with Z and ends with A
The next line begins with B and ends with Y
The next line begins with Y and ends with B
The next line begins with C and ends with X
The next line begins with X and ends with C etc etc etc
written tongue in cheek in respect of forms as in double helix abecedarian
variation on a theme Poetic Pizza Extravaganza - Temptations - Xylophonic Resonance He Licks Enigmatic
Poetical Pizza Extravaganza
double helix abecedarian
Above average poetry must whizZ
Zestfully forwards as imagination's fleA,
Bites the author's itchy fingers. Cells greY
Yearn to express opinions, play, or graB
Conspicuous attention with honeyed words which waX
Xanadu with Coleridge nectar or express themes romantiC,
Devise riddles whose floW
Will offer encouragement to those who reaD
Enthusiastically or with excitement, able to reV
Vers libres, prose or traditional versE,
Formally structured or free before life says adieU.
Unlimited possibilities, both flexible and stifF
Glow, grow and encourage lighT
Themes, weighty arguments, or emotional sonG,
Heavy here, light there, avoiding pretentiousnesS,
Shaky grammar, bolstering inner growtH
Insight and altogether acting as an intellectual spuR
Rewarding to both reader and writer where not restricted to the I,
Judgemental values shed from Zimbabwe to IraQ.
Quest for recognition is perceived as holy hadJ,
Karmic grail accorded toP
Priority for life's boat that sooner or later springs a leaK,
Leaving little to survive Lethe's oblivion shampoO
Or inspire others to saiL
Manfully upon seas uncharted by other men or womeN.
New forms in themselves add no gleaM
Natural to the poetic book of life, and often lose steaM,
Mostly because of inaccessibility. Experiments abecedariaN
Or atonal contemporary 'e-zines' under whatever vanity labeL
Leave much to be desired, their quality is freequently toO
Poor to last, too topical, too obscure, or too darK.
Keeping in mind that the poet's creative leaP,
Quest, or self-centred search for memorial TaJ
Jehan might have longed to build in verse or prose colloQ
Remains forever elusive to most who use writing as an alibI
Inconclusive to compensate for the fact they are not up to paR
Sufficient for the course, and double bogey their entH
Half-hearted drive towards the proverbial Elysian green pastureS.
Thus, to quote Keats, the 'eternal longinG
Goes phut, stutters, stumbles, failed or forgotten, inspiration cuT,
Undone ambitions, prose or rhyme ugly and or stifF.
Final verdict is too often left to self-styled critics acting in lieU,
Vanity frequently fails to catch Fame's eyE,
Efforts dissipated, or meeting the same fate as BrezhneV
Whose invasion of Afganistan leaD
Directly to the Soviet collapse. Poetry should represent harmony and floW
Xcluding tongue-in-cheek prolifiC
Coarse unworked sentences such as those in this particular heliX.
Years later this thesis may, although written adliB,
Become a classic example of erudite poetic wordplaY
Zebra stripes critically stripped for sense  - a pizza extravaganzA
Acrostic masking kabbalistic meanings beneath literary pizzazZ.
26 February 2009
written tongue in cheek in respect of forms as in double helix abecedarian
variation on a theme Poetic Pizza Extravaganza - Temptations - Xylophonic Resonance He Licks Enigmatic
The first line begins with A and ends with Z
the next line begins with Z and ends with A
The next line begins with B and ends with Y
The next line begins with Y and ends with B
The next line begins with C and ends with X
The next line begins with X and ends with C etc etc etcAll fizzle, finish frazzled, launched with fizZ.
Zero dreams teem when spirit seems at seA
Because most adepts of philosophY
Yearn for zenith seldom dwell on ebB,
Carpe diem value, seeking sea, sun, seX.
Xylem tree of life's cannibalistiC
Desires corrupt deeds most men seW,
With survival's urge soon lost indeeD.
Events churn causal patterns, AsimoV
Viewed clearly, took as starship journey cuE
Finding worlds which may appeal to yoU,
Unknown reader from beyond Time's gulF -
Great divide between those past, those lefT -
Time travellers peruse these lines to sinG
High praise of poets who'll know no more springS.
Spontaneousl prose poem picks pensive patH
In patter pattern, feet dance to empoweR.
Rhythm harmonious, need no alibI,
Joins sense, style versatile, from mind's H.Q.,
Questions seeks, finds answers.  Soujourn's hadJ
Knowledge acquires to share more than to keeP,
Pipes clear to others drifting through the darK.
Lark sings dawn's welcome song, and each man's taO
Opens connections, on life's sea a-saiL
Ma d, sad, glad, bad, for threescore years and teN
Never certain of his mortal aiM,
Nor sure to gain posthumous fame, acclaiM,
Making ends meet in hope to rise agaiN
On judgement day should trust and faith prevaiL.
Life-spans increase but trite hullabaloO
Prepares too few for winding sheet, corpse starK,
Kings, Presidents and crowd condemned to sleeP,
Quest over, in no Shah Jehan's fair TaJ,
Judge! Wonders of the world in tome or FAQ
Remain till flood or earthquake SvengalI
Identitydestroys when come their houR.
Stands Rhodes' Colossus stony eyed and higH?
Hanging Gardens, Babylon's green GrasS?
Thus earth all swallows, as the changes rinG
Glut or famine, leaves the rich berefT,
Upsets regimes, and redefines itselF.
Fresh or stale, hale, halt, Huns, Goths, AinU,
Vandals, Franks, forgotten, vain their strifE, -
Eternity mocks Boris KasparoV
When chess game lasts millenia whose speeD
Defies time travel's role-reversal floW.
Xanthic parchments, works iconographiC
Crumble! What Tyrannosaurus reX
Yet rules blue planet? Will ant, spider weB,
Be as extinct as world wide web one daY?
Zigzag chance ignores each mortal pleA
All idols break despite their razzmatazZ.
An essay such as this deserves no buzZ.
Zany experiment as stylistic fleA
Bounces from A to Z in interplaY,
Yin Yang spiral bouncing like a squiB
Constantly as an alphabet refleX
Xerophytic context's cul-de-saC
Delineates descriptions poets draW.
Wherewhithal consistently restricteD,
Each line leaves breathless welcome, neurones reV,
Vibrate despite form artificial, prosE
Fulfilling prompt as words make points.  GurU
Unchained yet chained advances off the cufF
Grafts true poetic spear to karmic hafT
Translating into right write some style wronG
Halfway house conundrum.  Author's trackS
Scultpt lasting trace responding to the wisH
Idiosyncratic to transcend life's doweR
Respecting Death. Is poet prophet or mahdI
Justly revered from Rome unto IraQ?
Quarellsome envy explains why British raJ
Knew not two hundred years? Can counting sheeP
Perplexity remove from brains which parK
Loaded dice stress away as night seeks tO
Overcome day's tedious trouble, toiL,
Makes preparation for tomorrow's booN -
New space bestowing where choice meets no daM,
Ne'er stumble into superficial shaM.
Measure opportunities, draw plaN
Offering success none fault or foiL.
Little by little words through verbal voodoO
Phrase phase explore.  Screed, starting as a larK,
Knits here tight vowels that consonantly reaP
Quality let the poet play DJ
Juxtaposing helix soundtrack seQ
Responsively, grey matter churns from I
Inwards then out to you my reader deaR.
Subtly within word-bank we, skillful, fisH
Here, there, refining able argumentS,
Task relatively simple once the swinG
Gets going, self-sustained, insanely swifT,
Uncanny erudition spins no gafF.
Faced with linguistic hurdles impromptU
Verve tames phonetic wild rose to disposeE
Each syllable with able scansion LISTSERV
Willingly transmits every lanD.
Doubting Thomas sceptic must kowtoW,
Xeroxing copies of masterpiece.  No cyniC
Can deny neuronal synapses fleX
Youthful connections never dull or draB
Belying utter incredulitY.
Zeno might admit disciple.  YeA!
Are change and motion illusory fuzZ?
Approaching final strophe words quick whizZ
Zestfully,  translate to panaceA
Between the lines no critic may gainsaY.
Yes, here is talent, though Time's taxi-caB
Culls everything: Death ‘dura lex, sed leX.'
X marks the spot intelligence ad hoC
Delights combining letters meant to groW
Wittily together, tail to heaD,
Examines life's progress as minstrel's improV
Ventures beyond all duty's call through lovE
For story told as object of virtU
Unexpectedly providing in a jifF
Graceful example of true talent's gifT.
Theme is retained throughout this triple sonG.
Here good intentions, no lines misfitS
Some humour show. Alliteration's sasH
Incorporates spiral sent to steeR
Reel really free from demon incubI
Juice sucking from the senses one to cinQ.
Quadrant space herein sees object, subJ
Key together, seldom seem to stoP, -
Perhaps because light waves mix quark and quirK
Link to and through mind's magic kangaroO
Overleap barriers where most others falL.
Merry essay of one afternooN.
Naught ventured, nothing gained, you'll meet no spaM,
No filler words, intelligence seeks beaM
Masterful, diverse, didactic, to gleaN,
Outside time, life's essence on the boiL.
Lively vision, spurning constraints' taboO,
Panders to none, no sentences sound weaK.
Kudos is gained through sharing though most weeP,
Quite out of depth with this endeavour's obJ.
Jump queue cue line to line. Artist EsQ
Rapidly records ideas illuminatI
Instinctively admire, crowns his careeR,
Sparkling with wit for pleasure not for casH,
Humorous polysyllabic worthinesS
That scans throughout, and, more than anythinG,
Gives insight into ways art shows the lighT
Unseen before, as Moses' rod and stafF
Forged a path to Holy Land's bijoU.
Vivacious stanzas' single theme dream herE
Explain how poets play RachmaninoV
With practiced fingers, keyboard echoes feD,
Divinely taught, taut tempo seldom sloW.
Xylophonic resonance he licks enigmatiC
Creates mix musical most cares may fiX.
Yeast fermenting in neuronal huB
Blends moral sense and sensitivitY,
Zaps alphabet to perfect cup of teA,
And, teasing waits, points taken … all that jazZ!
Attempting a fourth verse in St. TropeZ,
Zen scribe feared vocabulary amnesiA.
Baited breath, awaiting fresh foraY
Yapping, tapping letters like a craB.
Could J Q V X Z key in?  RelaX!
Xenophile rants avoided, muse most plastiC.
Devil-may-take attitude knew somehoW
Words' worth mixed mirth with birth, gave stanzas punneD.
Expectantly he twined his strophe IV -
Visibly aware that Latin numeratE.
Fellows may draw on extra bordereaU
Unworried deadpan critics pan his ‘stufF'.
God's granted me a very special gifT
Thought he as concentration let him brinG
Humour and skill in context.  Little fusS
Seemed necessary though the scope and girtH
Impressive of the project caused a stiR.
Rising early, bold as GaribaldI,
Justifying MENSA test I.Q. -
Quotient suspect  - onward Robin J
Knocked up an extra stanza scarce less deeP,
Pleasantly looking forwards, never bacK.
Lightheartedly his fingers to and frO
Oustanding essay penned and in a whirL
Majestically completed task amaiN.
Numbing might seem creative task to chuM
Nosily wondering what made mind huM
Musically as theme imaginative self-spuN.
One stanza in itself would seem a pearL,
Links four surpass all expectations. 'ToO
Pretentious to deserve a double clicK,
Knack facile, with enjambements, food for foP, '
Quipped envious Father Barnaby S.J.
Jesting the devil threatened PDQ
Refusing challenge from laic litteratI
Impervious to papal bull as beaR
Sniffing lavender honey, syrup lusH
Hibernation done, who'd hunger addresS.
Though stanza unrehearsed proceeds, song streaminG,
Gaily flows towards its final parT,
Uniting laughter, skill, it seems as iF
Fifth verse is not impossible as thrU
Vocabulary vast, creative tunE,
Extra effort in rare dialect slaV
Would, in time, be very well receiveD.
Due diligence may readers care to folloW,
Xenogamy induced by alphabetiC
Chain double helix thinking out of boX,
Your author is no sacrificial lamB.
Best things come in small parcels, this, too lengthY,
Zones of comfort may disturb, agendA
Alarm, so let calm rule, we'll turn to other biZ.
The first line begins with A and ends with Z
the next line begins with Z and ends with A
The next line begins with B and ends with Y
The next line begins with Y and ends with B
The next line begins with C and ends with X
The next line begins with X and ends with C
A to Z top down A to Z bottom up
(26 February 2009)Afterward is an unknown term in future
Before that we face the present,
Coming at well future depends on present;
Dismissing hazardous future
Endeavor best early at present.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 29 November,2017Introspecting Life - Abecedarian
December 4, 2017
A bird in heart usually sings for the whole lifetime
Being cheered by the secret soul does fly,
Ceremonies go on time to time
Developing or getting demotion the soul's cry,
Every season offers much charm and time
Forever for utilizing the chances properly and to apply,
Goes on singing short or long
Hour after hour the moments remind sillily;
Important parts should be kept in vital time
Judging self deeds, songs rhythmically,
Keeping equilibrium as ages pass from life
Life is not a whim or for one not many,
Miles after miles only its dimension
No way to escape, anyway;
Often harm can come from wrong direction
Protecting that to paradise one may find out the way;
Queer is in every step to dissuade from beguiling
Rarely occult happens think many,
Singing goes on in bird's life standing, sitting or lying
Time to time rhythms change automatically;
Universal points are moving on line
Victory or defeasance will come finally,
Where none will have any question or objection
Xanadu is only dreamy and imaginary,
Yachtsman practically cannot go there sailing
Zigzag ways lead them there indirectly or directly.Abandon Bigotry Completely
Babied Children Develop Egghead Fantasies
Coveting Destroys Eternal Families
Drinking Enslaves Fellows & Girls
Exercise Fixes Gut Hanging
Flirting Girls Have Incidents
Gentleness Helps Initiate Juncture
Heckling Initiates Jurisprudence
Indebtedness Jeopardizes Kinship
Juxtaposition Kindles Love
Knuckleheads Lose Motherly Nurturing
Lawbreaking Maximizes Negativism in Officers
Misappropriations Nullify Ordinary Principles
Never Offend Police
Ordained Priests Quietly Rescue Souls
Pandemonium Quickly Reverses Safety
Quiet Reverence Subdues Temptations
Reading Stimulates Temporal Understanding
Success Takes Utmost Vigilance
Thugs Understand Violence
Utopia Vanishes Without XmasAlways Be Chaste
Desire Encourages Fornication
Gossiping Heightens Individual Jeopardy
Kindness Levitates Marriage
Nitpicking Opposes Parenting
Quarrels Reverse Safeness
Taunting Undoes Valuable Warmness
Xenogeny Yields ZombiesLife # Abecedarian Verse
January 30, 2020
A mono syllabic word
Beginning and journeys start from the soul period
Center is the earth,
Duties start on from this temporary center
Ends in hereafter with entering heaven or hell,
Formally every phase is the most significant
Goal and success depend on this central deeds
How and what are done? (Of good and bad) ,
In all stages from center to end,
Journeys and stations it should introspect
Kindling exactly, after all
Longing for the absolute goal;
Meaningful should be, I say, must be its target
Nowhere it should be free from good activities,
Off time should be full of duties
Personal choices are valueless,
Quite solid, straight, curve, hard and easy paths
Respective liking here is very important,
So, let's attempt to reach its goal
To be really successful,
Universal and universality are great points
Vary varied these measurements! Why?
Worldwide waves the truth
X (a measured letter)free there is nothing,
Year after year goes life
Zero its main bag found ultimately! Why?Last night I dreamed hard;
A man shaped wind walked past me
Changed his mind, returned
Feel his mind wonder
Haven't I seen you before?
I sleep-laugh-out-loud..!
The noise wakes me up
Night clock reads three thirty three
I fall back to sleep
Head first tumble up
A leaf wafted from my tree
Caught on a stray breeze
Fellow dreamers cast
Unsettled slumbering sighs
Nocturnal vision
I was being watched
Plucked from our common dream-scape
Alone yet followed
something spooked the  cats
Haikudo forgets purring
Meta leaps from bed
Her collar tinkles
aweigh down moonlit staircase
quiet dreams return
Childhood home kitchen
everything in proper place
daily chores finished
-+-+-
Afternoon cartoons
Back following messages
Cereal box dance
Delicious breakfast
Energy for playground games
Faster than the rest
Grownups in the house
Haunt responsibilities
I watch dream T V
Jet powered action
Kids save their town from monsters
Lunatics and thugs
Mountains streak below
New character friend or foe
Only time will tell
Preview of  next show
Queen of dream sends champion
Racing with Jet Kids
Saving the future
Tune in tom arrow and see
Ultimate showdown
Victory assured
Waving heroes, credits roll
X factor revealed
Youthful television dream
Zooms away, I'm still asleep
- +
Almost awake view
Banished from reality
Creature made of mind
Dream-scape citizen
Everado Man-Shaped-Wind
Face another day
Grasp February
Handle your business in the
Indigo yonderDeep in the darkest part of your heart
Every beat seems to be a trying slow start
Pride and victory have no place here
Reasonable thoughts are placed on the back burner
Every breath  difficult and heavy
Seasons all remain the same, cold, dark and gloomy
Stereotypical behaviour is quite apparent
In the quiet darkness you reside
On a deep running  slow train
Never, yes it never seems like you’ll come back again
Written:  Jan.18,2008Living in a blissful, happy state,
Over the rainbow, my true love waits.
Vibrant, strong, yet tender to touch.
Elegant she stands, I love her so much.
Written:  Jan.12,2008Lying beside you,  watching you sleep.
Owning the moment, I began to weep.
Vigor and zest you possess with flare.
Everlasting love together we’ll share.
Written:  Jan.12,2008Loving you feels like the soft touch of velvet rain.
Over the hills we’ll walk together again.
Violet eyes, ruby lips, a beautiful smile.
Every step a blessing walking down the aisle.
Written:  Jan.12,2008Love lives in the night sky.
Opening it’s arms, caressing you and I.
Veils and ribbons suspended above.
Every moment shows signs of our true love.
Written:  Jan.12,2008Love creates a sensual stream, intensifying all romantic dreams.
Over  picturesque  landscapes, hills and mountains high.
Victoriously seen through a  keen mind's  eye.
Every electrifying moment captured inside.
Written:  Jan.14,2008In the landscape of your mind, one has the ability to think clearly.
Never allowing deep, dark thoughts to penetrate.
Spirited, beautiful and heavenly thoughts tickle the senses.
Piercing through delicate walls,  giving strength to stand  tall.
Instead of accepting negative views from those of low self esteem.
Realize you are in charge of every thought held within.
Always start each day in a positive light.
Thinking, of God’s wondrous gifts, His beauty in sight.
In the quiet of the noon day sun,   a new day has begun.
On top of  mountains high, sitting calmly while  birds fly by.
Never leaving  your mind untouched by God’s beauty.
Always covered like a glove,  by the blood of the lamb.
Live, love, laugh stay protected, in the palm of His glorious hand.
Written:  Feb.9,2008Pining for a much better quality of life,
Opened to great suffering and pain.
Violence and hate, society's distain.
Every step seems a step in the wrong direction.
Realizing each day is a losing battle.
Trampled by the powerful, frowned upon by middleclass.
Yet always wondering, how long will it last.
Written:  Jan.15,2008Being with family is best part,
real world to spend meaningful life;
and it is when you feel at home...
to mingle with people you love.
Family is the basic unit
and the foundation of society.
making peace and unity at home,
is the secret of a progressive community.
life shall become worthwhile for all the people
yearning for a happy family is to make it happened.Happy Graduation Day to you!
At last you've completed this journey.
Preparing for a long time you've
Pursued what you've dreamed for and now
You are going on your way up
Greater things are waiting for you and
Really you are on your way now
And there's a more in the future for you to do and your
Dad and your mom must be very proud of you
Use your talents well and be the best you can be, remember
All that you have done to get where you're now
This is not the end but it's just the beginning for you so
Inspire others you meet on your way out to do the same and
Open the door of your heart and
Never quit dreaming but hold on tight to your hopes 'cause
Day after day there are more things to do and learn
And remember to be honest and true to you because...
You can make all your dreams come true one day too
Happy Graduation Day to you!
August 23,2009A prisoner of your love. I stand behind four walls of gray.
- Alone; your memory my only company, each solitary day.
Locked down; twenty four hours around the clock, without you near.
- Living dreams of the past it seems, are all that I hold dear.
Constantly and always there, memories of you flow through the air.
- Constantly reminding me of our love. That we no longer share.
A prisoner of your love. Can I do the time? That's my only fear.
- And now the echo's of my lonely heart are the only sounds I hear.
Trapped; in this cinder block room. Shadows of gloom are here to stay.
- Trapped here without your love, as my blood turns prison gray.
Release may never come to me. This cell's become my home you see.
- Reliving how things used to be, in this gray walled penitentiary.
Alcatraz; is where I dwell. Where these gray walls are my living hell.
- Although one day escape I may. Right now's too soon to tell.
Zenith's, I know our love had reached. I'll love you still as time goes on.
- Zealously i'll wait for thee on ''The Rock''; till my last breath is gone..
*********************************** *************************************************
Author notes:
Written in double Acrostic   -
This poem was inspired by a picture of Alcatraz Prison
''The Rock'' as they called it then. Built in 1866, closed
one hundred years later - and a poem written by one the
prisoners:
Untitled -
I awaken to gray
And gray is my morning sun
I live gray
And all days are like one
There are no colors
Only shadows along the way
Sometimes I think, the blood in my body
Must also be prison grayA-ction
B-ring
C-reativities
D-own
E- specially
F-or
G-od's
H-elp
I-n
J- uly
K-nocks
L-oudly and
M-any
N-ew
O-pportunities
P-assess by
Q-uitely,
R-eaching
S-moothly
T-o
U-ntie
V- arious
W-orld's
X-enophobias through
Y-our
Z-ealeousness! !
¤NTA! !Almost never found,
But gorgeous at first sight,
Seen from a point of view almost no one has,
Obscure to the common sight,
Luxurious to those who accomplish it,
Utterly perpetuous for those who conserve it,
Tender enough to appreciate and an,
Extraordinary experience.
Loving to the outer most passion,
Of no absolute return,
Vulnerable at most, but,
Eternal when at its best.Placed in
Houses and
Offices for
News and
Every kind of gossipSoft and confy inside
Hard on the feet sometimes
Often
Elevating one's
StatusClassified as a living thing,
each one is called a building block of life; the smallest
living biological structure found in all known
living organisms.Best left to each one's conscience,
Entertain it if you must,
The explanation's never clear,
To me it isn't either,
Except on rare occasions when,
Rust is sloughing off  of us.
Nothing is forever,
OR everything goes ' round again,
The explanation's never clear.
To me it isn't either,
Only now,  I realize.
As morons say those things,
Stupidity my well elect, our next acting,
King!E v'ry grace in her combine,
L ove and truth and friendship join,
I n one source without reserve,
Z ealous all her friends to serve,
A nd diffuse true harmony.
H appy nymph of chaste repose,
U nsullied as the vernal rose.
G ay -- majestic -- yet serene,
H andsome, with a graceful mien;
E v'ry charm in her appear,
S he is lovely, chaste and fair.Everyone should care.
No one should ignore a world so
Vital and green;
Inviting and teeming with life. Mother earth
Revolves around our respect, how we take
Ownership of our actions; and
Never forget our inheritance. We must
Mind our responsibility and pass along
Every moment of beauty bestowed upon us;
Nurture a green future for our children, and
Try to preserve Mother Nature's gift to us all.An acrostic (from the late Greek akróstichis, from ákros, 'top', and stíchos, 'verse')  is a poem or other form of writing in an alphabetic script, in which the first letter, syllable or word of each line, paragraph or other recurring feature in the text spells out a word or a message.
Far down South China Sea
Indigenous brave men and women lives
Loyal, friendly, fearless happy people
Ingenious and not to be outsmarted
Pearl of the orient no other else in Asia
Islands nurtured by Mother Nature and its wonders
Not to fear surrender its freedom and liberty
Only to die and ready to struggle to self-determination
Race to economic prosperity
Ace of democracy and ingenuity
Challenges to fight back in defense of its sovereignty
Echoes people power through out the worldF orever it flies over the halls of justice;
R evered as beloved symbol across the land
E very heart feels humbled by her anthem.
E ach pledge made beneath her liberty and
D ream fulfilled in her history is part of her glory.
O ver her adoring people she waves her colors,
M y country's flag from sea to shining sea.Give me your patience, sister, while I frame
Exact in capitals your golden name;
Or sue the fair Apollo and he will
Rouse from his heavy slumber and instill
Great love in me for thee and Poesy.
Imagine not that greatest mastery
And kingdom over all the Realms of verse,
Nears more to heaven in aught, than when we nurse
And surety give to love and Brotherhood.
Anthropophagi in Othello's mood;
Ulysses storm'd and his enchanted belt
Glow with the Muse, but they are never felt
Unbosom'd so and so eternal made,
Such tender incense in their laurel shade
To all the regent sisters of the Nine
As this poor offering to you, sister mine.
Kind sister! aye, this third name says you are;
Enchanted has it been the Lord knows where;
And may it taste to you like good old wine,
Take you to real happiness and give
Sons, daughters and a home like honied hive.N one of us are who we think we are.
O nly those sheeple who follow blindly
N ecessitate great introspection, cruel judgement.
E veryone is on equal ground.
A ll fall short, soon evolve and are elevated.
R espect should be given to each man so that
E ach soul is allowed to grow and flourish;
L earn to be a part of the whole.
O nly those of limited vision see men perish
S tripped of beauty and angel wing;
T is only earthly eyes that envision such things.Passion in your look
especially intense
tangible mermaid
unusually gifted
lure to the bard
intriguing being
ample of charm
Clamoring hush
lie in your soul
architect of words
rhyming with verve
keystone of love
ebullient and plainh-healthy food
e-eat a lot
a-are you healthy
l-loving food
t-tapping your foot
h-you say ''healthy food''
y-yeah yeah yeahEvery decision that we make is never perfect,
the Drive to be perfect is a bold resolution.
while MOst often we think we are correct,
yet Unluckily something can go wrong.
its Not  the mistake we made that is at stake,
but the Decorum we practice is what counts most
for Only God is perfect and not us humans!Little maidens, when you look
On this little story-book,
Reading with attentive eye
Its enticing history,
Never think that hours of play
Are your only HOLIDAY,
And that in a HOUSE of joy
Lessons serve but to annoy:
If in any HOUSE you find
Children of a gentle mind,
Each the others pleasing ever--
Each the others vexing never--
Daily work and pastime daily
In their order taking gaily--
Then be very sure that they
Have a life of HOLIDAY.Earthquakes:
E-arth shudders on its hinge
A-ll experience that terrific punch
R-oads crack and traffic stops
T-remors rock and havoc wreaks
H-orror strikes and rubble heaps
Q-uest to save the trapped turns in vain
U-nder the rubble, men scream in pain
A-fter shocks and seismic waves,
K-illing thousands, the disaster leaves.
E-ngulfing gloom swallows the Earth
S-ky high dreams, shattered in death!
Ghost:
G-hastly noises heard around
H-aunted houses with thickets surround
O-ld castles where mysteries abound
S-tarved faces greatly confound
T-errible bats worse than hounds
Storm:
S-trong and swift the wind blows
T-wirling and twisting delicate blooms
O-rchards strewn with fruits- ripe n' raw
R-ain and thunder snarl and growl
M-aking the sea suddenly shriek and howl.Masterball, Ultraball, Superball, Pokeball
Ultimate Quest, yeah man, you gotta catch 'em all
Damn that Rival to hell, you betta beat him
Kick Elite Four ass, you're the champ if you defeat 'em.
If you are a pro, you catch the legendaries,
Pick a good starter, the rest of the team varies.
Slow and steady, level 'em up, and evolve them
Find Easter Eggs and puzzles and problems, and solve 'em
Under smashed rocks and Geodude and Krabby
Careful 'round Mawile and Crobat, or they'll bite ye.
Kingler's on beaches, they're the bitches of the sea,
In his Crabhammer you won't find me.
No, cause I'm on Moltres, king of the skies.
Grass guys ain't the only ones who see us and cry.
Strong as a Rhydon, quick as Pikachu,
Wings made o' fiyah, yeah they'll burn you too.
Evolvin? Hell no, he's already big as an ox:
Each Moltres breaks women with their super-sized c- Um. Beak...
Trees? Hell, watch him turn that shit into ash.
Burnin' so bright, you know he just used Flash.
Reppin HM 5, and many moves, it's hard to take him;
Only the acronymed wonder can break him.R estoration of 'united' states
E very man had certain rights
V isionaries all who knew
O ld ways had to go. They
L ined up on battlefields
U niforms of blue and grey
T ook up the fight against own brothers
I nvoking battlecry, 'All men are free'.
O urs is a history of fighting for freedom
N ot diplomacy.S earching and
c ollecting data
i n many varied ways to
e xplore
n ature's
c hemistry and
e mpirically test the physical world around us.J awaharlal  Nehru, the sparkling gem of India's diadem,
A though nurtured in a life of comfort and shelter,
W ended his way to the clarion call of freedom,
A nd his wealth, time and life dedicated at the Nation's  altar.
H onoured leader, the dynamic Premier of  Independent  India,
A chieved, with his concerted planning, progress and economic  regeneration.
R atna—Bharat Ratna—rightly was he decorated for his immense work and profound idea!
L ove for liberty without distinction of class, creed or country had he:
A malgamating many an international difference as a talented referee,
L iberated men's  minds from social oppression and cultural stagnation.
N ovember, the fourteenth, our beloved   Jawaharlal's  birthday,
E ar-marked by his fondness for Children as their Special Day;
H eralds the dawn of a new,  progressive, scientific and dynamic sway.
R emember we, this day our red-rosed  Chacha's principles five—
U nhesitatingly, our pledge to work for his cherished ideals today we revive.Adorable are women as mothers!
Detestable when they can kill children;
Obtainable when purchased for a sum;
Reputable when they can reach great heights;
Amicable are women as sisters;
Believable are women when good wives;
Lovable are women as grand-daughters;
Enviable are women as daughters.
Acceptable when pining for some love;
Remarkable when sacrificing lots;
Exaltable when rearing children fine.
Worshipable for keeping peace at home;
Observable when attention-seeking;
Manageable when husbands earn enough;
Excusable for love of ornaments;
Notable for patience exemplary.
Accessible to children in their needs;
Sensible when fathers become drunkards;
Memorable for timely good advice;
Objectionable when pride and lust engulfs;
Terrible when seeking revenge on one;
Horrible as cruel mothers-in-law;
Enjoyable in love-making / romance;
Reliable amidst all kinds of strife;
Salvageable when shown some kind of love!
Copyright by Dr John Celes 5-4-2009Elizabeth it is in vain you say
'Love not' — thou sayest it in so sweet a way:
In vain those words from thee or L. E. L.
Zantippe's talents had enforced so well:
Ah! if that language from thy heart arise,
Breathe it less gently forth — and veil thine eyes.
Endymion, recollect, when Luna tried
To cure his love — was cured of all beside —
His folly — pride — and passion — for he died.Man of legendary talent who
inspires humanity to unite  and
congregates a million fans through
his magnetic songs that simplify
a thousand sentiments of humanity
exposing a multitude diversities
languishing  in  vague controversies
Just a human being who succumbed to
a lot of adversities in life just like anybody
continuing to survive  by  fighting  the odds
kicking ass to assert  certain  innate rights
so that freedom may prevail in own self
over and above giving joy to others
now has come to an end in death"Are you deaf, Father William!" the young man said,
"Did you hear what I told you just now?
"Excuse me for shouting! Don't waggle your head
"Like a blundering, sleepy old cow!
"A little maid dwelling in Wallington Town,
"Is my friend, so I beg to remark:
"Do you think she'd be pleased if a book were sent down
"Entitled 'The Hunt of the Snark?'"
"Pack it up in brown paper!" the old man cried,
"And seal it with olive-and-dove.
"I command you to do it!" he added with pride,
"Nor forget, my good fellow to send her beside
"Easter Greetings, and give her my love."Aborigines lived here for forty thousand years
Under the starry sky's, they lived off the land.
Storms, droughts and fires
Throughout the millenniums
Ravished the land, but they survived.
According to their culture
Loyal to the land they remained
Ignoring all the ill they endured from the white
Aborigines have not yet lost the fightBUTTERFLY
As born with Spring, with roses born away,
Breasting breeze’s wing to swing on high,
Upon bright buds’ breasts balanced, trembling play,
To drink and drown in perfume, light and sky.
To dust wings’ powder while still young and spry;
Earth flee, fly like a sigh the Milky Way, -
Rare fate, enchanted, of the Butterfly!
Fli[r]t, restless, like Desire, by night and day,
Loving all things, who none may satisfy,
Yearn ecstasy? - then seek in Heaven, .... good-bye!
Acrostic A BUTTERFLY
19 August 1991
Acrostic Translation Alphonse de LAMARTINE – Le Papillon
robi03_0449_lama01_0001
IIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIII
PAPILLON
Naître avec le printemps, mourir avec les roses,
Sur l’aile du zéphyr nager dans un ciel pur;
Balancé sur le sein des fleurs à peine écloses,
S’enivrer de parfums, de lumière et d’azur;
Secouant, jeune encor, la poudre de ses ailes,
S’envoler comme un souffle aux voûtes éternelles;
Voilà du papillon le destin enchanté:
Il ressemble au désir, qui jamais ne se pose,
Et sans se satisfaire, effleurant toute chose,
Retourne enfin au ciel chercher la volupté.
Extrait de “Méditations” Alphonse de Lamartine 1790_1869
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICaptivated, by your love and charms. I shall always be.
~~ Can't wait to hold you in my arms. You are everything to me.
Always there, you are on my mind and deep within my heart.
~~ Always knew that I needed you. Right from the very start.
Pretty as a picture, you are a vision of loveliness.
~~ Pleasing is this gift of love, that we now possess.
Tears of joy you bring to me. With each passing day.
~~ Tears '' only of happiness '' are all that flow my way.
In every waking moment. I find that you are always on my mind.
~~ In every way I am thankful, for our love that's so divine.
Virtually our love has blossomed, fulfilling my every need.
~~ Viable is how our love has grown, from the smallest seed.
All of heavens stars shine down, upon the wonder of our love.
~~ All love's treasure beyond measure. 'Twas sent from up above.
The love we have grown. This love we now own, it shall always stay.
~~These feelings that I feel today, shall never go away.
Every time I hold you in my arms. I know that our love is true.
~~ Each breath that I take asleep or awake, 'tis for only you.
Darling listen to me as I hold you in my arms. It's you that I adore!
~~ Deeply; I am captivated by your love and will be - for evermore...
****************************** *********************************************
~TJW~
Poem In double acrostic -Real deal don’t simply come through,
Only a zealous act can make it true.
Can not cease on one or two successes,
Heed to what your innate desire focuses.
Expend all the opportunities at hand,
Let your candid charm grabs it all with fond.
Life is an open arena for whatever you yearn,
Every victory you get is worth the train.
Onward to venture and accomplish more,
Conquer boundaries while you explore.
Our support for you bear no bore.Clues
Orbit
Nightly in
Concentric dreams.
Ellipses  carry
Notes and nuance beyond
The limits of inner space.
Revolving glimmers coalesce
In overlapping lucent circles.
Clues orbit nightly in concentric dreams.Pain, is my life
Optimist, is my sight
Evil, is my breath
Missory, is my hope
Heart, is my strength
Useless, is my worth
Nothingness, is my soul
Torn, is my thought
Elusive, is my spirit
Remorse, is my loveDoctors are a noble lot
Often misunderstood, a slot
Caring for the sick and dying
They comfort the anguished and crying
One true noble profession, world envies
Really doing yeoman service
Sacrificing precious time for patients’ sake
Demanding not much in return
Always ready to save lives
Yet, the world seems dissatisfied!
‘Happy Doctor’s Day! ’
Copyright by Dr John Celes 7-1-2010Lovingly dedicated to our beloved Chief Minister of Tamilnadu,
On his birthday,03-06-2010
Dravidian Movement leader of great repute
Ryot by birth and writer in Tamil of scripts and songs
Known for his eloquence in Tamil oration
Author of many Tamil books of high literary quality
Lover of Tamil language and culture and Lyricist
A rare human being who made India and Tamilnadu proud
Inferno that burned off the caste and creed differences amongst Tamilians
Genius and generous giver of awards and rewards for deserving artistes and achievers
Newspaper founder and editor
Anjugam’s son
Renowned erudite Chief Minister of Tamilnadu
Muthuvel’s son; Mayor of Chennai; MLA; MISA detenu;
Keeper of words and promises
Arrested on many occasions on political grounds and for spear-heading social causes
Reputed and revolutionary Indian Tamilian statesman
Unbiased but shrewd politician
Notable legislator
Anti-hindi agitationist
Natural poet-playwright and story-writer
Imprisoned for political reasons
Doctor of Philosophy
Heart of kindness and humaneness
Indian Tamilian patriot, who adored the sacred soil of the Motherland
Copyright by Dr John Celes 03-06-2010dying wish...
inscribe my plaque:
already re-cycling
& tanka acrostic
terns scattering
along the shore
nibbling waters
keening
ambling scavengers
Both published in moonset LITERARY NEWSPAPER - Autumn/Winter 2008ELIZABETHAN ODE
Eye evidence, essential essence, eliminate evanescence.
Life links leal, lifts local level label, lets loyal love thrill, spill, spell swell well.
Iraqi illuminati, in ideal Irani idyll insight, intuitively identify pi.
Zephyrs zigzag Fez, Zion, Jerez zoom z zones, Cortez’
America, Africa, Asia, and Australasia, award Aisha ahura aura
Beauty’s baobub boob bulb baits breath, -  throb blurb brain bomb.
Elate, elevate exquisite elite, emanate effervescence.
Total trust, trait tact, traps tart test threat, - that toast taught taut thought text tract triumphant.
Hurrah hath harmony hatch. Happiness here holdeth heavenly hope high
Essence est vie et l’harmonie, en elle
Laissant le lien loyal, réel miel du ciel.
Image aussi infinie ici ira
Zephyr voyagez, voyez, vivez!
Aura ardeur, là attendra, aimera
Beauté bien brillante bannira bla, bla!
Exquise est voie esquissée – espère énergie, émoi et joie
Tenant tête – tâtant terrain, tout test totalement transparent traduit toi[t] triomphant
Homme heureux, ah!
19 April 2005 revised 18 November 2006
robi03_1239_robi03_0000 BQT_LMXBoiling over with sudden extreme Anger
Only wondering not really knowing
I only suspect dishonesty
Letting my suspicions take hold of me
I prepare for my plan of attack
Not knowing where my questions will lead
Going to a private hell where trust is out of reach
Overly hurt and utterly disgusted
Very sickening feelings flood my mind.
Every thing I thought I knew, I now question
Ready to give up and say enough is enough!Each new day is a rare chance at LifE
Not merely an accident, lightly takeN.
Considering death is our cul de saC
Obviously our Fate, that's eventually sO.
Use each moment then to bless all round yoU
Remember on earth, you won't stay foreveR.
Always bring Kindness as a sort of mannA
Grace your words with love as a blessinG.
Every moment holds opportunity therE
Many are hurting, with words you can touch theM.
Even across miles,  Goodness knows no fencE,
Now is the time for Man's care to be giveN.
Truly as the night comes, you sleep in contentmenT.E ach day in cotton gloves, the artist works
P erfecting gorgeous flowers made of silk
H armoniously hued and ever perked
E ternal, unlike fresh ones of their ilk
M eandering back home 'midst evening gloom
E ncounters in a sad neglected park
R etiring, non-attention seeking bloom
A nd feels a stirring of compassion spark
L ets dropp her wooly mitt and stoops to touch
B eneath the leaves, dropped petals slowly fade
L amenting tarnished loveliness nonesuch
O bliquely for a moment two lives braid
O ff hand there is no purpose for a glove
M ortality is tantamount to love.Every flower that blooms withers
Very true is the tale,
Even the brightest and the pale;
Rich in softness, fragrance, beauty and colors
Yet they give out pleasure to others
Fresher they bloom, duller they wither;
Look at their wonderful journey
Only once they bloom, yet they live on
Within the minds of all, as recollection
Even after many years, as honey
Rightly are they GOD's best creation!Forever loving thru' the years. You dried my eye's with patience. When they
~~~Filled with tears. Fair and strong '' your love '' had quelled all of my fears.
Always there, with outstretched hand. With hugs that felt to me so grand.
~~~Always you were so comforting. Those days you were my everything.
Teacher you be! You taught to me. All that's right from wrong.
~~~These values you've instilled so lovingly. Helped to make me strong.
Healer of my heart, your my conscience and my model too. These qualities
~~~Have touched me deeply and made me so proud of you.
Everlasting is the bond that we share together. The gift's you gave to me
~~~Each day effectually. Shall last now and forever.
Respect, admiration and love I send your way.  From my heart you are
~~~Remembered, have a ' Happy Father's Day '! !  I Love You Dad....
********************************** ************************************************* **
~TJW~ Acrostic...Forced “progress’” pace, accelerating years
Race onwards, spiral with increasing speed,
Each chasing each proclaiming global need,
Exhorting freedom shatter terror's tears,
Enjoying well earned triumph.  Changing gears
Now merge and surge impelled by subprime greed.
To tipping point for health, to which succeed
Epidemics global.  Each man fears
Rising floods as arctic ice-cap nears
Precocious end.  Beliefs begin to bleed,
Regions suffer climatic threats which feed
Insider dealing, trust, bear disappears.
Seek Eden far from mortgaged madding crowd,
Enjoy simplicity with heart unbowed...
15 November 1991 revised 27 August 2007From the departure of all worries
Refreshing beams from a source
In a new way with a bloom
Every passing moment is with this
No more troubles and no more pain
Destined for this path only to gain
Sailing through the winds on this thread
Hiking through the perils of this world
It's a relationship with your friends
Passage and shelter, from all trendsFunctioning is difficult when in shock
Untimely end has come for all
Lack of food
Lack of hope
I see no bravery only fear, only pain
Men kill, men die
People struggle to survive
Aid is needed everywhere
Courage is needed in the hopeless
Time passes slowly, too slow
Outside is unsafe
Families are blown apart
Honour is all we have left
Obvious pain shows on all faces
Rich and poor people suffer the same
Running away has become normal
Our lives are destroyed
Ruin has commencedAngel
Now
Glows
Everyone's
Light
S oulsHARMONIE DU SOIR
Mark now the days have come where bloom on stem addressed
A-tremble spreads scent balm upon soft evening air
Unveiling perfumed calm and background sounds full fair
Dream waltz-mode stately-sad and langour’s dizziness
Enchanting spread scent balm upon soft evening air –
Music from violin as in heart sorely pressed.
A waltz-mode stately-sad and humour hard oppressed.
Under sky beauty-sad, as altar dressed for prayer.
Drawn violin soft sings heart burden hard to bear,
Echoes to tender soul detesting emptiness,
Mirroring sad sky nigh, yet like an altar dressed,
As sun drowns, set in blood, blood-red, sere, set, see there!
United hearts are guessed  that stark dark nights detest,
Dawn recalls lost past’s light each remnant’s traced with care.
Even's bloodset sun drowns reflections everywhere,
Canvas your memory, my sacred relic blessed.
robi03_1422_baud1_0008 ATX_MNX
2 April 2006 revised 11 October 2008
Acrostic Translation Charles BAUDELAIRE Les Fleurs du Mal XVII   For previous version see below
----------
Harmonie du Soir
Mark now the days have come where bloom on stem addressed
A-tremble spreads its balm upon the evening air
Revealing perfumed calm and background sounds full fair
In waltz-mode stately-sad and langour’s dizziness
At last to spead its balm upon the evening air –
Music from violin as in heart sorely pressed.
A waltz-mode stately-sad and humour hard oppressed.
My sky, too, beauty-sad, as altar dressed for prayer.
A violin soft sings heart burden hard to bear,
Replies to tender soul detesting emptiness,
It echoes sad sky nigh, yet like an altar dressed,
As sun drowns, set in blood, blood-red, sere, set, see there!
May tender heart be guessed that dark night does destest,
Although of lost past’s light each remnant’s traced with care.
Drowning sun, set in blood, reflections everywhere,
Draws your portrait for me, a sacred relic blessed.
2 April 2006
Charles BAUDELAIRE Les Fleurs du Mal XVII
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
H ARMONIE DU SOIR
Voici venir les temps où vibrant sur sa tige
Chaque fleur s’évapore ainsi qu’en encensoir;
Les sons et les parfums tournent dans l’air du soir;
Valse mélancolique et langoureux vertige!
Chaque fleur s’évapore ainsi qu’en encensoir;
Le violon frémit comme un coeur qu’on afflige;
Valse mélancolique et langoureux vertige!
Le ciel est triste et beau comme un grand reposoir.
Le violon frémit comme un coeur qu’on afflige;
Un coeur tendre, qui hait le néant vaste et noir!
Le ciel est triste et beau comme un grand reposoir.
Le soleil s’est noyé dans son sang qui se fige.
Un coeur tendre, qui hait le néant vaste et noir!
Du passé lumineux recueille tout vestige!
Le soleil s’est noyé dans son sang qui se fige.
Ton souvenir en moi luit comme un ostensoir!
Charles BAUDELAIRE Les Fleurs du Mal XVII
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHe gave forgiveness for all who repent
In His great Mercy paid it all at Calvary
Sacrificed so perfect,  Grace touched you and me.
How can one receive the Gift so pure?
Each one can take it from His Word
All who turn away from sin are sure
Love and peace His Grace pours forth
In all of that He reigns as LORD
New creations only He can promise
God is Faithful and He will do this.
God gives new life as you turn to Him
Restoration and healing He alone can give
Almighty and eternal is your God within
Christ said you will not perish but eternally live.
Everything God said is true...so believe!Hallowed be the time before Halloween was the first day of Christmas
Alleluia to the day when Carols did not play
Prior to Thanksgiving
Perhaps you remember it, to me it seems like only
Yesterday such was the rule.
How did we allow
Our priorities to change
Letting commerce lead the way
In deciding the final say
Delivering up the season
Against our better judgement
Yielding to the pressure of
Salesmen and Advertisements
Maybe we lost our way
Even without knowing
Ready to jump at the chance to
Run after ever more accumulations
Yet never having enough
Can you really say you are
Happier now then when the
Real spirit of Christmas
Inspired more than just
Spending or
Taking, and the true
Meaning of Christmas was
As clear as a
Silent night with one brilliant StarHomework is such a bore
Others never do it
M y parents make me
Everyday I get a ton
Way to much to get done
Occasionaly I have none
Really though, I’ll get the teachers back
Knock some sense into themDull grey cabinets, posters on the wall,
Overalls in grubby white passing through the hall,
Stretcher beds, beige, blue, seating for a few,
The white welcome posts do duty all year through.
Awaiting diagnoses, anxious patients call,
Yet information filters slowly, at a crawl.
Patience, a virtue, tried and tested too,
Applies elastic strings to Time, judgements askew.
Through age, illness, accident, Death nets all.
Independence? – truly few retain the wherewithal.
Every day brings query, quandary adds to
New isolation, illness, tests as wills unglue.
Count all your blessings, be life fine or squall,
Each soon accounts must render, with Death’s pall.I will stand by you until; the sands of time, stand still -
Without you my world would just crumble and fade away
It is heaven when I hold you, each embrace is such a thrill
Lost in thoughts of you, your on my mind both night and day
Love like ours I am thankful for and I pray our love will stay
Standing by your side I shall, in sunshine or in rain
Through my life '' I will stand by you '' there I shall remain
As our love grows, like the pretty flowers do in spring
Never ending perfumed bouquets of love, to you I'll bring
Divine is our romance, to me your love means everything
Being with you my angel, I've shed only happy tears
Your loves a part of me, that I'll treasure through the years
You are all I ever longed for my paradise of dreams, it seems
Only your love could bring this all about. I will stand by you
Until the last grain of sand, in the hourglass of time runs out
***************************************** *******************************Being in love
excite my fantasy,
very romantic and
ever ecstatic...
relationship with a mature
lover is exquisite experience
yes, quite an indulgence!
Often, we surf in love...
rejoicing in ecstasy
on each others' arms.
overtime we explore,
never a dull moment
getting best in love!J ust as the old year ends the new begins,
A nd once again the countdown is in motion.
N ow we can say goodbye to last year’s sins,
U plifted hearts set out on this new ocean.
A las, our resolution may soon fail
(R elentless life is so full of commotion)
Y et full of hope we willingly set sail.Kindles my heart with love
enthuse my soul with ecstasy
zealous adoration inspires me
influx of fantasy fills my thoughts
as you capture my whole being
how I wish I can win your love too
Amor is love
many dream of
on finding it right
rare true love comes
Soon I shall have courage
and ready to court you
love for me is timing
confident and true
ever patience
daring action
on right timeKill me with soft words of love
Irritate both fate and death,
Love Crimson, by killing all she is,
Let love be, but hate with all her passions.
Martyr that of thyne heart
Eat away at every scarred part.
Gorge on the feast I have provided
Eat like a king, you shall behead me the same,
Not all can be loved, but your passionate kill shows the most passion,
Toy with me, my death is evident, yet theres no murder
Let me die quickly as to not suffer your passions anymore,
You finally did it, you killed me with your nothings.Love is like the damask rose
Once smitten, bound by its charm
Vividly feeling nature so close
Every moment makes feelings warm
Learn about being a better thyself
Essence of love shall make you fonder
As the flower enriches the world, it enriches itself
Deeply touched by its wonder
Nurtured scent of the damask fills the air
Acutely mesmerising mind, heart and soul
The sweetness that pulls those with the flair
Ultimate pure happiness without any foul
Relish the true beauty of divine nature
Earthy wonders lead to blissful future.L ove is what drives my heart
O verwhelmed with your warm embrace
N ever ending bliss filled thoughts
G iving unto you all my ways
I nvolved with thoughts of only you
N aturally fantisizing 'bout we two
G oing nearly insane for love this true
S weet secret desire-Love me DoFailure is part of life
ruining the self
undulating pain
sips into the core
to crush the soul
rips the sanity
and conscience
that made man
intolerant
of all life's
nothingness!A rthur, do you love me so?
L yla, I do love you so.
B ut, Arthur, will you love me more?
A rthur am I and like a turnip will love you ever more.
* An Alba (meaning “dawn) , a sunrise song,  is either a
solo plaint or a dialogue-duet between lovers.
It’s counterpart is the serenade, an evening song.Merlin, magician, foresight filled,
Extending sight beyond the seas
Reigns saw which rose to heights that tease
Low saw them sink, their promise stilled.
Is this life’s prophecy fulfilled
None should contest though soon veins freeze?
Time is too short, and stiff the fees
Offered, taken, - ambitions killed.
Mermaid made blood melt, then chilled
Enthusiastic energies
Removed all barriers to please
Mind, body, soul, seduction skilled.
Across life’s net thoughts intertwine
IDeas, identities, combine...Masquerading stance
is your personality
a fun spirited...
Jolly and joyful
indulging gal
makes you a star
enthuse happiness
never a boring company
ever an ice breaker
zealously a happy one...Mountainous terrain steep
In the Tibetan plateau, where the
Sky almost
Touches the horizon
Yonder, with the
Mist moving up from the vale below,
Over the tall pine-trees and thick foliage,
Uniting the clouds from above
Naturally, and blocking the visual acuity of
The tired, trekking mountaineers on their
Arduous route down the mountain slopes,
In the intense heat of the rising sun,
Notwithstanding the many
Miles of shrubs and undergrowth that lie ahead, looking
Impossible to even the expert climber, who is momentarily
Relieved and excited by the mirage of an old castle
Appearing suddenly from nowhere,
Giving a ‘de ja vu’ feeling to all up there
Eyeing the beauty of the ancient masonry.
Copyright by Dr John Celes 7-26-2008Makes me feel emotion
Understands me best;
Starts in motion
Interesting quests
Carries me home to restNuclear bombs
Unclearly sky
Crying mothers
Lifeless bodies
Endless terrier
Away souls
Riot on the way
Wining babies
All are scared
Ready for helpNuggets of gold, money and authority
Ultimate luxury, status and handy men
Gathered he through all bloody means
Giving not a damn to humane feelings
Equipoise is but nature’s patent strategy
Tamed is he by crippling ailments
So sad! Spends life like a frozen vegetable!O Valentine, my love, will you be mine,
Become my loving sweetheart that we may
Entwine like twisting vine or eglantine,
More closely grow together every day?
You ask me why I love you as I do,
Vain would it be were I to try to list
All thousand things that make you specially you:
Lips like twin lotus buds just made to kiss,
Eyes clear and still like pools in which I lose
No time but dive within to sink or swim,
To lose all sense of time and place. I choose
In tenderness to meet your every whim,
No matter what you wish I’ll gladly do
Except give up, or go, or be untrue.You love your motherland –
One, where you were born and nurtured in
Unknown ways, most miraculously.
Love your Motherland with heart and soul;
Only your own country is the safest for you;
View its landscape, gorgeous and beautiful;
Every fellowman is your brethren.
You must be proud of its rich heritage;
One shouldn’t forget how freedom was got;
Unite against forces that separate;
Repay your country’s love by sacrifice.
May be, your country is not very rich;
Only its culture is so remarkable;
Traditions must be followed with pride;
Honor your national flag;
Every citizen is duty-bound;
Religions shouldn’t serve to foment fights;
Love the soil that feeds you all through life;
Astound the world by your patriotism;
Nothing’s more sacred and valuable than your Motherland;
Die, if need be, for your country’s sake!
Copyright by Dr John Celes 8-29-2008Over the years...
Passing through
Time and tears
I'm true
My hopes and
I
Soaring high
Touching the limit
I'll survive... and
Change the world
Dead and dark
Rise I, to flame
Eastern sky
A Sun, its name...
Monarch of hope
Scorching... killing... dark minds...Palpitations in every human heart
Encourages a human surge to take part.
Activities spawned by love, concern, and patient desire
Contribute to an eternal inner-burning fire
Enlightening hope with which we should all aspire.
* composed after reading “Peace (acrostic) ” by Cassy Taberna on this sitePlease take me by the hand
Lead me along the path of glory
Ease the pain of horrid past stories
Abolish the evil I feel within
Sinister thoughts of gloom and darkness
Erase the past, let the light of love begin
Written:  Jan.12,2008Poet's
Open-hearted
Efforts
To
Reach
YouProsperity
Obeisance to God
New avenues in life
Gratitude to God
Advent of harvest
Love for God
Overall cleanliness
Peace
Opulence
Newly dressed
Gratitude to farm animals
Aeolian chant of celebration by global Indians
Love for man
Copyright by Dr John Celes 13-01-2010Ramadan is the holy month of mercy, blessings and forgiveness.
Allah has decreed this
Month to be the best of all months, pray to
Allah for resolve to keep fast and increase ibadat. On the
Day of Judgement salat and ibadat with
Allah’s blessings will be your shield against Hell-fire.
Non but Allah is worthy of worship, he’s
Merciful and forgiving.
Understand the meaning of Ramadan and
Banish unworthy words from your tongue
And unworthy scenes from your eyes.
Recite the Holy Qur’an
And be kind to orphans and give alms to the poor, in the
Knowledge Allah will protect you from Hell-fire on the Day of Judgement.Resurrect this corpse with the shade of dying Crimson
Enter each dropp at the will of my own forsaken hand
Undo nothing for blood shall reunite us two
Nothing stands in the way of what Crimson wants
Indefinite screams I hear from the grave, Beckon me
Onto the bloody alter
Never shall this crimson vein close.
Often I shall  reminisce on my sacrificial love,
For you my dear, hold what simple Crimson cannot.
Bathe in my words My veins unwillingly leak,
Let all of me course within your body
Ounce by ounce our blood collides
Often messy, watch this bloody tide,
Death shall visit one last time, to join in this reunion of Blood.Say you'll never leave me.
All my life be true.
Trust is the question.
Intuition is the answer.
Someday you promise.
Fun isn't the same to me.
Acting verses doing.
Cut straight to the chase.
Time is flying by.
Incomplete isn't good enough.
Only you and I can see.
Never is when, Satisfied I will be.Pressures, hassles gone
restless hours are done
on this retirement day
memories will always stay
in time I now got freedom
draws no fear of boredom
as a single blessed woman
Tomorrow remains unforeseen
over the years still dreamin'
right now my time has come
never again I feel lonesome
onwards my life be awesomeIndians, we all are brothers and sisters
Nation is called Bharat, our beloved Motherland
Destiny, we share a common one
Integrity of states and citizens is prime
Avarice is one thing we shun
Neighbours are beloved to us and not our foes
Industriousness is our people's goal
Nationalism is in our blood
Divisive tendencies have been suppressed always
Everyone has opportunities to development
Poverty eradication is our ultimate aim
Equality is the guiding rule
Nature is our mother and teacher
Dialogue is the key to success in resolving disputes and differences
Empowerment of women is a clarion call
Negotiation is our strong ally
Charity is our innate trait and ingrained in culture
Employment to all is the ultimate accomplishment
Development has been sustained and continual
Amity of nations is our strong belief
Yeoman Service is our proud mottoSweet surrender of finding
One's tired soul unwinding
Until life no longer matters;
Love unchains all its fetters.
Mirrored half of each other's mess,
Aspiring always for nothing less
Than to love across life's pages,
Either together or apart for ages.Suffering internally,
Utterly consumed with pain,
Far from a solution,
Fast to run but not crying the blues.
Even little things annoy you.
Rest assured the tide will change!
Inner pain is what tranforms you...
Never forget that fact my friend-
Get focused now, get on the mend.
Written January 22 2008Teaches and trains even the worst pupil
Ever ready to help the student in troubled times
Allows students to nurture their talents
Chides and punishes justly
Held in high esteem
Exemplary and encouraging
Remembers the pupil, forgets the name
’Selflessly serves society to the best of his/ her ability
Defends the weaker students against the robust
Advises appropriately
Yields to the highly intelligent student
Copyright By Dr John Celes 5-09-’11~Sun~
Super bright
Ultra light
Never night
~Moon~
Mostly seen
On days in between
Only the new
And not often blue
~Stars~
Shining in the sky
Twinkling bright in my eye
Always glowing like a Firefly
Radiating splendour from high
Shining sparkles never dieTIME, TIDE, DRAW NO IRONY TRAP - WORDED ART WAS EVER, EVEN NOW, REVEL LIVED. LAUD LIT MUSE, SUNG IS ODE, RARE PART, SIR. WE DO COIL OF MEGA TIME-SPAN SPOOL, EDIT SAGA, LIVE ON, ...EYE... NO EVIL, A GAS TIDE LOOPS, NAPS EMIT A GEM FOLIO CODE, WRIST RAP, ERA REDO, SIGN, USE SUM TIL DUAL DEVIL LEVER WON. NEVER EVE SAW TRADED ROW. PARTY, NOR I, ONWARD EDIT, EMIT.
Time spins headlong, helter-skelter, alpha omega its hum,
Innate energy refocussed, - hocus-pocus drawing blind, -
Merging, surging, fresh emerging each dimension is assigned
Extra frequencies as harmonies seek equilibrium.
Thrust of course is force attraction contradictions overcome -
If upset the great equation’s recreated, recombined,
Musters flux, reflux ethereal, in many ways declined -
Echo-systems spectra spectral, strata senses tuned as one.
Time from nano into nano ages stages fossil fuelled
Interspersing glaciation, dehydration, round and round
Myths upon examination show their roots as underground
Emerges, surface surges, strata cooled, their sense retooled.
Thus what once anticipation seemed probation turns as, schooled,
Independent thought’s adopted as tradition sound, profound,
Marred by nation renovation bars, or scars with strict surround
Emphasizing naught surprising, innovations overruled
Though new cycle spins unpin past wins while progress must address
Inventively the challenges its choices stimulates
Migrating through some voices, denigrating others’ traits
Eliminating those which problems pose to those whose maladdress
Tends to influence trends “safety”, “prudence” spendthrift short-term stress.
Interests vested often soften tracks orginal, contest
Modus operandi handy which could status quo divest,
Elevating into icons past emoticon success.
Time together birds of feather nests, two tendering four more
In addition for perdition they’re included in Life’s count,
Marking more for Death to tally, soon all rally scaffold mount, –
Ever higher populations soar, regenerating core.
Tortoise Time of able fable, snide greed, pride, speed, overcome -
Is it justice? Is it balance?  Those ahead soon d[r]ead behind,
Making room through swift disposals for proposals less confined,
Express need for further testing, - jesting, questing, inquest dumb.
Time, both tempter and preemptor, auctions choices bubble-gum
Into emptiness exploding, voices vacuum Lethe-lined,
Mirage are Man’s sojourn dreams it seems, all who thereon have dined
Entertain tall expectations rich which stumble, tumble numb.
Time mutates when necessary, very speedily translates
Into viral spiral gyral splicing, tip top icing cake,
Monkey to man was plan began some take as grave mistake
Enterprising Time, downsizing, soon induces second state
That leads into more selection until all that came before
Isolate in microclimate dwindles into history,
Mocking once again of mice and men eternal mystery -
‘Ergo cogito’ no guarantee can offer ‘sum’ in store.
Time destroys its own foundations, reconstructs by rule of thumb, -
Intuition tunes to pattern ducts intelligence designed.
Mankind must forward press, and quickly, or its mainspring may unwind,
Ever onward, tripping, hasty, vicious forward spiral-scrum.
Time, true master of new master, swift may slave of slave become,
In a twinkling of an eyelid, with an inkling of the mind, -
Most by wayside fall, and falling fail to rise, we seldom find
Each with grief reach silver lining welcome, wheel spins go and come.
Time, prestidigitator, spurns prestige, turns cycle score
Into room for rust when boom goes bust, to tomb entrusts the great –
Meek may seek to rise through wise disguise but dice thrown own their fate
Enters on examination predetermination’s maw.
Tide scorns pride which at its zenith ride descendant has prepared,
Idyll spills its guts and penance flags, stills, pennant’s breezy blow,
Mutes the bugle’s cry to rally round the cause to none compared -
End of story, end of glory, bared or gory end below.
Through the needle wheedle riddle evolution in its drawer
Issues ready, choosy, steady, to new factors integrate,
Measures leisure pleasure treasured as a wide tide open gate -
Exit species flooded by fresh blooded budded to explore
Timely opportunities to tease priorities to draw
Instant conclusions from confusions which did decimate
Multitudes through feuds or manners rude to war or conjugate, -
Efforts vain again are sanctionned by Time’s roar none can ignore.
Time, an excellent musician, is tradition’s drummer, drum,
Is clay pot and playful potter, Future’s watch and spring to wind,
Mocking mortals’ puny portals, while the motives of mankind
Echo ego phase or fashion, - love, hate, passion, - blink sink - done.
Texts once sacred held, identical spelled, test time’s sickle cell
Iteration till salvation’s source course changes, redefined,
Messiahs soon expire, out of synch-think with daily grind
Expressing novel grovels which old ways’ greybeards expell.
Time plays seasons, dismays reasons dumb, on much remaining mum,
In on Cause~Effect directions caught in matrix  intertwined,
Minds not evanescent effervescent reassurance blind -
Each vibration rings strange changing strings recalculating sum.
Though if sum itself is dumb then all conclusions drawn are rum
Interjections on Time’s sections, out of kilter, misaligned,
Much in golden braid internal, waits eternal, underlined
Ever by infernal pace we race to trace out space to plumb.
Time, the predator and dater, turns the bread of life to crumb,
Ices in a trice Life’s waters, hopes as halters redefined;
Magician fly, man hard may try, - high pyramids remind
Each our power, pomp pain hour stomp, vain flowers fast succumb.
Time, no evil knows, coeval  is with all, withal is none,
Irons endings through beginnings when each innings’ span’s declined
Mutating – no postdating -  wicketwards in double bind, -
Essence waxes, wanes, through axis, planes, yet what explains its run?
Tempus fugit – Time is flying – soon we’re lying in the dust,
Is it dying?  Is it buying time? – another turn to try?
Many look to book for second look, replacing painful cry,
Even though high odds against them lie when wake they take on trust.
These swift stanzas hold no moral, no bonanzas bold, no plum
Inspiring plan licks Time’s trick wick untiring, predesigned, -
Mirage tidal suicidal, bridle, bridal counter signed? –
Egg and chicken plot’s time-stricken as we quicken final strum...
Acrostic palindrome revised 30 April 2005  expanded 17 November 2006
robi03_0362_robi03_0000 AQX_DEZ
See below for initial version 10 December 1990
Time
Time, the master of the master, can the slave of slave become,
in a twinkling of an eyelid, with an inkling of the mind;
most can only fall, and falling must capsize, and thus we find
every grief has silver lining, retribution soon will come.
Time, the tortoise of the fable, pride and greed will overcome.
Is it justice? Is it balance? Those in front soon fall behind,
making room for fresh proposals, new ideas, which, less confined,
express the need for further progress, granting voices to the dumb.
Time destroys its own foundations then rebuilds by rule of thumb,
intuition finds the pattern that intelligence devined;
mankind must press forwards quickly or its mainspring will unwind,
ever onwards, tripping, hasty, in a vicious spiral-scrum.
Time the tempter and preemptor auctions choices - gubble-gum
into emptiness exploding, in a vacuum Lethe-lined,
mirage is Man’s desert sojourn, he who on false dreams has dined
entertains high expectations which too soon prove void and numb.
Time, an excellent musician, is the drummer and the drum,
is the pot as well as potter, is the watch it keeps to wind
mortality, makes mockery of the motives of mankind,
ends emotions, - love, hate, passion, - is the swimmer and the swum.
Time, the predator and dater, turns the bread of life to crumbs,
ices in a trice Life’s waters, hopes as dust are redfined;
mem’ry may be a magician but the pyramids remind
each mortal that his pomp and pow’r an hour lasts, then must succumb.
10 December  1990I took a Rosebud from a certain bower,
And by its side placed an Orange flower,
Then with the Speedwell, blended the perfume
And the sweet beauty of an Apple-bloom,
And thus, 't is one of the loveliest feats,
Is spelled a gentle lady's name in sweets.Unexpected is this strange transition,
K.G.B. and C.I.A. destroyed, -
Remnants of a world which once enjoyed
A game of catch as catch can coalition.
Idea[l]s are bent beyond all recognition,
New capital’s towards the East decoyed,
Enterprise unbridled, unalloyed:
Uncertain is Man’s future, world in fission.
Kiev opportunity:  ambition
Rises with the rate that unemployed
Are added to the rolls.  Few will avoid
Impending challenge, fewer have volition.
Now, with the New Year knocking on the door,
Expect in time change none have dreamed before.
1 December 1991Victory to all hearts at love;
Amazing words of love exchange;
Love fills the air everywhere;
E-mails sent in lovely hues and tones of love;
No one’s exempt from love’s phenomenon;
The whole world celebrates ‘lover’s day, ’
In gaiety, romanticism and togetherness;
No one need covet persons at love;
Every person needs a lovely time;
’
Say, ‘I love you’ to someone, if you can.
Dance and sing to tunes of love;
Awaken emotions in Cupid’s style;
You are a valentine on earth to someone!
Copyright by Dr John Celes 2-13-2009Memories woven to monument towering to heaven
Of a sweet, gracious and wonderful woman.
Though she did nothing wrong, she was persecuted
Held daughter and son in arms, her man was deported.
Edgy at the brickyard, hurt in Jewish pride
Rascals put her in a jammed freight car for a railway ride.
Weary from thirst and hunger, surrounded by pain
Horror was unfolding on a rattling train.
Exhausted of the ordeal she arrived at the camps
Robbed of her freedom she stood under the lamps
Exposed to blowing snow, the barracks lacked ovens.
A small vulnerable woman there had seen forehand
Ruthless degradations, beastly atrocities offhand.
Experienced nightmare while the sun was shining
Yet hope knocked the door when bombs were falling.
Overwhelmed by explosions, frightened, panic-stricken
Unprotected against the blasts, she shielded her children.Water is my favourite drink,
At times the best thing to quench a thirst
That comes to me suddenly,
Even though it's abundantly available
Refined, pure specimens are sold in shops.Acrostic poetry
conceals a word
read it repeatedly
on every first sentence
soon you'll know the secret
the theme reveals the word
in every first letter of the line
can see who/what the poem aboutS	incere,  Specific
O	mit Object
S	ad Subject - Suspect
O	pen, Optimistic
R	egret - Realistic
R	eflect, Request Revisit
Y	ou, Yet …
I Did Not Mean To Offend You
I Say This With Regret
I Have The Highest Regard For You
… Admire With Deep Respect
I Would Never Insult You
Or Belittle, Or Upset
Not Knowingly, Nor Callously
My Affection and You … Have Met
So, If Our Paths Cross, or Get Lost
Please Forgive, If You Can’t Forget
For The Words Of Your Soul (Now Silent and Cold)
Still Haunt Me … Even Yet …Writing's a tonic, yes, indeed!
Relaxing to the mind!
In times of stress, in times of need,
To help you to unwind!
In truth, the pen is mightier!
No doubt at all in this...
God knows our meanings must be clear
Succinct won't go amiss!
A gentle word, a piece of prose,
Triumphant themes and more,
Opinions sought, meant to propose,
Not easy to ignore!
I've done my part, this much is true...
Calligraphy's now up to YOU!My dreams stood naked, behind the burning desire
Unbidden treasures appeared,bidding for my life:
Enthusiasm gained momentum, wearing golden attire,
And the moon reappeared, by piercing the clouds bizarre.My love is pure as honey, made of selective nectars
A work in tandem by bees, taking the sorrows of my life:
Some buried petals of the past mixed with the fragrance of presence,
weaving the relationships; by the threads of words.'Twas the morning of Palm Sunday, in Village Adair,
And the shy little chapel seemed jubilant there;
'Twas the morn of Palm Sunday, sad Sunday, I ween,
That I met thee and loved thee, Alexandrine,
Alexandrine!
I stood by the pew that was nearest to thine,
While gentle St. Agnes, just over the shrine,
Yearned tenderly to thee, as if she had seen
Thy face up in Heaven, Alexandrine,
Alexandrine!
I remember thy bodice, so snowy and blest,
With a violet guarding its virginal nest;
Thy sensitive forehead, thy contour serene,
And a ripple of ringlets, Alexandrine,
Alexandrine!
We met in the aisle — how I think of it now! —
And meekly I tendered my sanctified bough.
'Twas fondled, thy darling, deft fingers between —
Ah! the poor bough is withered , Alexandrine,
Alexandrine!
And withered am I by a pitiless doom,
Like a blast from the lungs of the demon simoom;
In the magical spell of a haunted ravine,
Dost thou hear when I call thee, Alexandrine?
Alexandrine!
On my cheek there is health, all my mind is aglow,
But my soul is the saddest Sahara I know;
For thought hath not compassed, and eye hath not seen
The kingdom I'm banished from, Alexandrine,
Alexandrine!
By the way of the cross gleams thy radiant crown;
By the way of the world all my dreams have gone down:
For thee peace and mercy; for me daggers keen,
And war with the wehr-wolf, Alexandrine,
Alexandrine!
Thy sorrows were many, thy happy days few;
Thy tears bowed thee down like a rose crushed with dew;
But those tears were too precious for mortal to glean,
And a bride of the sky art thou, Alexandrine,
Alexandrine!
In a dim convent cell of a land far away,
Thy crucifix guides thee by night and by day;
And the white wings of seraphim flutter between
My eyes and thy holiness, Alexandrine,
Alexandrine!
In thy saintliest prayer I would ask to remain,
Though for me there be no resurrection again.
The stars in their courses have mocked me, my queen,
But I bless thee forever, Alexandrine,
Alexandrine!Alexandrine, a wisely poem form
Twelve diphthongs in each of twelve lines
Major stresses are given on the sixth diphthong
And on the last one
And one secondary accent in each of half line,
Some alternatives are found
In case of no stresses on the last diphthong
Then thirteen diphthongs need in that line
Line is often called an alexandrine;
Originally, in French prosody, there is a twelve diphthong meter
And in English, here is iambic hexameter;
The rhyme scheme is a a b b (heroic alexandrine)
Or, a b a b (elegiac alexandrine)
With obligatory alternation of masculine and feminine rhymes;
In Russian poetry, iambic hexameter with a caesura
After the third foot
And with rhyme scheme of a a b b
And alternation of masculine and feminine rhymes;
In French, rhyming couplets of two alexandrines
Are of equal length, usually containing four accents,
Having been the classic poetic form
Since the time of Ronsard;
The form named, ‘Alexandrine'
Might drive from the fact that
Some poems of 12th and 13th century about Alexander the Great
Were written in this meter.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │19 January,2018An English Alexandrine
-Gayathri B. Seetharam
From Wikipedia and the internet, an iambic is an unstressed syllabic word followed by a long or stressed syllabic word. If an iambic hexameter is accompanied by a caesural (a pause to make sense)and rhyme, it is an Alexandrine. Please note: The character, /, denotes a caesural in my poem.
My heart would be broken, alas! / if PM Justin Trudeau
Were to not fulfill his promise, go against his apparently spoken word
And I would scale new heights of fame
And gain more of a name, I hope, in the artist's and writer's world and without a doubt, the engineer's world if he were to keep his word;
Mr. Prime Minister, I ask of you if I am on the Green Meridian Road
Having donned the maple leaf of viridian hue as a daily flowery garb since Jan 1994
Embroidered with roses as leaves, for if one rose in my life decides the median
The other rose, be that it may/ calculates the mean;
If I am positive, Canada feels pride in my achievements
There may be prejudice against the fact that my published work while special
Has not been published presentations and I find it difficult to swim against this tide of bureaucracy
And I wish for justice in my direction/, a fair granting of earnings;
There, I used the two abstract nouns in relative conjunction as Jane Austen had,
And since I watched the Hollywood versions of both Pride and Prejudice AND Persuasion without abstraction of thought,
I most certainly do not agree that at times, ‘'yielding to persuasion'' does not show ‘'feebleness of character''
In many ways, it shows vision against division in society;
Surely, I am making this poem take a serious bent of mind
And if a man in one's life is a find
Then since, one has to conform to the epithet of a feminist, / gentle persuasion from my side
Must be accompanied by missions which one completes;
On a relevant aside, I must mention Nick Hornby's book, Funny Girl, which is in tune with my taste thus far
In which a side character's wife, June, would have cried after their second episode of marital sex
And in passing, I thought that I like sex with my husband
Since it is a mix of the humdrum and the exotic and will always tell him with a straight face that I saw a thousand stars come together in a flash;
But it so happens that I also liked sex with other attractive, eligible and forthcoming men
However I swear that I am a one man woman also very much in love with my husband
But the snag with marital fidelity is that
The engineer-artist-painter-writer-poet in oneself does not get richer;
So to all those men out there, men in high places in engineering,
I offer a deal which comes with a to-die-for-face and natural big breasts and other attributes,
That along with considerable honest work from me with considerable pay from you
There comes a secret alliance, a sexual union, an offer from me, away from home
And this must be a home based project
And not a paid position
For my job prospects and resume and references are good.Your love for me a little more than nothing means,
When love as sense of self may be, than mine, less strong.
The thrill of love may keep its paint on withered greens.
A night of dreams is like a sad and jerking song.
Your silence dances meaning’s words on face’s frown,
My eyes of winter watch the stream of light on high,
Emotions are a flow of words, while stripping down
Their sense of love to sound like a sad ‘’good bye’’.
With red unfolded kisses thrilling white delight,
The moon replaces missing sun with all around.
It makes me dance my will  in dreams’ abstract on height.
It makes me feel the love again and heals my wound.The earth speaks of your discerning and stern glory:
Speaking the language human couldn't comprehend:
The wind telling the leafs to go on pilgrimage,
The leafs in turn taking picnic on the tried earth.
The waves flee at the pronouncement of your great name:
even that name that breaks through every generations.
Like the calf does everest flee at your presence,
Afraid of the entourages preceeding you.
The wind howl at your order speaking through his nose.
All nature tells the beauty of your holiness.
Fishes, trees, ridges, reefs, sheol and the pompous sea.
All adhere to the laws of your soveriegnty.
Say along with me, all breath, my Yahweh's praises.
18: 01: 02: 14: 22The sun can rise again, the moon bitterly sleeps.
Nor friend nor foe tonight, the day merrily calls.
The trees, the grass, the lakes, their lip tenderly keeps
The moonlight kiss, when night in dreams carefully falls.
The stars still dance all dreams with grace in their light twist.
In trees, the wind may swing the true changeable greens
To shake and wake the flower buds' murmuring mist,
When love as sense of self for him turpitude means.Trenches turned to mud pies, by shrapnel splinters sprayed,
saw slivered steel deliver lethal lessons on the sly,
Invader, invaded, found price to pay too high.
Last gasps [g]rasped at straws, each day each day replayed.
Sight shots salvoed over, scared scarred troops who surveyed
behind barbed barricade or fox holes on the fly
dug from former comrades, gangrened flesh, bone dry,
leaden eyes grief laden, hair prematurely greyed.
Senseless slaugher seeding crass orders disobeyed
warfare's despair seeding pandemic which would weigh
casualties exceeding all previous doomsdays,
crimson beads ableeding birthed cenotaph so staid.
Munition powder sky, men cursing shell, grenade,
crossing thunderstorm with Satan's serenade,
Though Tommy would not bow to tyrant's cheap tirade,
pain reigned, bane rain burst from foul, filthy mustard sky -
six hundred thousand souls were frog-marched there to die -
few dodged sniper bullets that often ricocheted.
'Known to God', bagged untagged, few chronicles defrayed,
His_Story selective surrendered with a sigh
shaking, quaking caverns felt doom's gloom whistle by
sad Earth's secret centres soared skywards in cascade.
See meeting-point marquee, stretched canvas marked ‘First Aid',
by stretchers plagued day in day out. Parked there to die,
conscripts fought while Colonels caught some Staff advancement's eye
preparing for fiasco in 1940 played.
Shells shattered ears, hell shuttered eyes, fragile half-life decayed.
Shells scattered tears, knelled stuttered cries, crossfire made lonely maid.
The ‘Last Great War' once over, glad tidings were relayed,
victory crowns in towns cheered Palace balustrade,
most looked on in askance as Lloyd-George was hurrayed
bottled brains in Britain bragged how they'd steady stayed.
But in "land of heroes", though ranks earned accolade,
while most must meals measure, the few in leisure layed.
Some carved while soldiers starved, highlighting masquarade!
Uniforms that won fair maid were worn, drawn fringes frayed,
with chip by chip paint torn from weather-worn façade.
What hair still peeked from cap that peaked showed streaks of care woe greyed.
Instead of fragile faces, poppies bloom on parade.
One hundred years have passed, what lessons has Man learned? ...
No victory can last unless fresh ones are earned.Saving the environment, saving the nature
We can ensure our future life style better
Environment is we grow up having all where
Whose position is nowhere but in this nature;
A plant grows up, produces flowers, fruits, oxygen
Flowers, fruits, oxygen are for beauty, food, life
A being grows up, produces offspring, rear them
Beings need those to live, plants need beings in help;
These both are major agents in environment
For them all other elements are circling
Coming out of womb or shell of egg the urgent
Are environment, nature for first, last living.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Alexandrine - Poem by Muzahidul Reza
Alexandrine, a wisely poem form
Twelve diphthongs in each of twelve lines
Major stresses are given on the sixth diphthong
And on the last one
And one secondary accent in each of half line,
Some alternatives are found
In case of no stresses on the last diphthong
Then thirteen diphthongs need in that line
Line is often called an alexandrine;
Originally, in French prosody, there is a twelve diphthong meter
And in English, here is iambic hexameter;
The rhyme scheme is a a b b (heroic alexandrine)
Or, a b a b (elegiac alexandrine)
With obligatory alternation of masculine and feminine rhymes;
In Russian poetry, iambic hexameter with a caesura
After the third foot
And with rhyme scheme of a a b b
And alternation of masculine and feminine rhymes;
In French, rhyming couplets of two alexandrines
Are of equal length, usually containing four accents,
Having been the classic poetic form
Since the time of Ronsard;
The form named, ‘Alexandrine'
Might drive from the fact that
Some poems of 12th and 13th century about Alexander the Great
Were written in this meter.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │19 January,2018Spring we started planting, after tilling the ground
Summer’s blissful weather, nature’s beauties resound
Tiny seedlings hatching, now grow towards the sun
Growing ever skyward, their growing nearly done
Summer’s growing season, its sights and smells and sound
Nature’s blessed harvest, brought in from all around
Autumn’s pleasant bounty, gathered from all the fields
Over until next year, winter’s coldness soon yields.
Nature has done her best, she has given her all
Coming hibernation, at the end of the fall
Wearily now waiting, knowing winter’s approach
Nature starts to wind down, at winters rude encroach
Now the ground is icy, snow drifting in the hedge
Waiting for the springtime, to cut winter’s cruel edge
Shortened daylight hours, winter’s darkest shadows
Slowly daylight lengthens, springtime surely follows.I have forgotten, only John C Maxwell is allowed
to air his ethical, moral opinion; individual feeling,
emotion or thought is outlawed, only consummate
superiority is recognised in this house
I forgot and explained how I felt, you bit off my head
how dare I fly in the face of Maxwell’s wonderful max-
ims, how dare I feel unsettled when reading certain
things, I should react as YOU and -
Your brilliant colleagues do, with total unconcern - how
dare I express a contrary opinion? What a total idiot
I am for telling you what I think, everyone knows my
thoughts and feelings are treason!
So I bite on my tongue and meekly agree with everything
you think, the ethical categorical imperatives are to be
obeyed as Maxwell claims, my idiotic feelings are fit
only for still-born deaths - just be glad
I did not insist on sharing “Hamlet’s Mill” with you, explaining
Samson is an allegory for the process of precession, once I
take on the Bible also you will really blow up, I suppose…Abandoned prams, empty identical wired
with white typed feeding bibs about
and missing their coin deposits, chains dangling, unhired.
Staggering down the street they come, accepted
like cold rejoinders and unspeakable truths
of so much selfish, post-coital regret and haggling.
Unconsciously I quicken stiffen, adrenaline flowing
to satiate biological need, without shame judgement following.
The faster bounce rhythm of the trailer
oddly reassuring should I have car parking failure.
Wish and wash, my spirit, glass door sliding
only 21 days and kids fourteen, distant.
This is home help and annual chance, the limitations of others
not a father’s need for moral guidance.
Foyer clean warm, but what is he doing here:
a psycho babbler, purposeful and at home
standing up straight and proud, even while in another world.
Staff and customer study the invisible, ignore
mongrel dog and guard morose at door.
The mental’s face obscured by lucky charm or paper fetish -
Blake’s Collected Works and Engravings, must be only minutes stolen.
The national treasure’s colour plates unclothed and raised
like a priest praying over those in need of saving.
Wings not beating yet suspended in Heaven, no wires.
Red and yellow friction, two feathered fires
with muscles and faces bursting, above an innocent child.
Untyring angelic forces do battle for sovereigns claim.
The boy slumped but kneeling, pitiable crude suffering
while all about - a pulpy mouth shaped halo kissing him
and wet slobby anchoring, a silver thread suspended
to a mouth and a man
who will never touch someone’s baby
without being apprehended.
Saliva flapping, as the spirit within intrudes
“Is your guardian true, and loving? ”
At the barrier, something stirs unguessed.
Three orange plastic bags clutched tight to chest
like over-burdened maternity breasts, nurturing.
Now forced to pause, a smutty laugh leaks out -
memories of an adult magazine cartoon,
and sperm, blindly thrusting, swimming.
As another sperm wiggles through the tight checkout
the adolescent boy experiences a moment of doubt.
But I enter the cavernous warmth beyond
basket akimbo though bouncing no baby,
and aware of no dirt on the glass of my soul
nor self irony.
Shelves as deep as hills repeating in the distance
searching without risking, sound and worthy, press on.
Suppressed, a hurt deep within, a Freudian fantasim
that reaches out to the fertile shelves, passing
from angry wife and mother, to soft gentle sweater
from repellent abrasive son, to computer Gameboy optimism.
Bustle and tinsel, confident stride, what?
Trapped by a blue-white deformed reflection
in beer freezer metal mirror, highlighting.
Just did not suspect, tainted breath, reviling back
slip splutter, red raw gash, the floor spinning,
head then chest crushed by the expelling aisle.
Vaulted contractions pushing purple extremities, reversion.
A child’s pleading eyes look-up,
happiness seeking, open, feeling
but pointless, premature
without the fresh beginning, of forgiveness, no healing.
Edinburgh Christmas 2007Allegory - 21
- - - - - - - - - - -
Game bird
Game nut
All day play
With some dust and clay.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │12 April,2018Allegory - 24
- - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Mirror
Mirrors
Our faces
When we stand
In front.Allegory - 92
19 November, 2018
Fuzzy surrounding
Curly mind
Seen nothing.I had a gig-horse, and I called him Pleasure
Because on Sundays for a little jaunt
He was so fast and showy, quite a treasure;
Although he sometimes kicked and shied aslant.
I had a chaise, and christened it Enjoyment,
With yellow body and the wheels of red,
Because it was only used for one employment,
Namely, to go wherever Pleasure led.
I had a wife, her nickname was Delight:
A son called Frolic, who was never still:
Alas! how often dark succeeds to bright!
Delight was thrown, and Frolic had a spill,
Enjoyment was upset and shattered quite,
And Pleasure fell a splitter on Paine's Hill.the boat that we are riding
towards an island
is chasing the sea and the sea
runs always faster than
where we are
until the waters hand us to
the sandy shore
when the running stops
but our minds do not just stop like that
it is not that simple
we tend to run as fast as the sea and this
thought
wanting to arrive on what we still
cannot graspIt's an all too common allegory
Pressed from the hands of time
Lent out silent praised theme
Careless whispers never hard to find
With redeeming qualities fading
An elevation of angers hot glow
Bitterness is the totality it's framing
Seperating rightous victims who know
Blazing through their transparent veils
The blame is countered with denial
Running rapidly from the inner problem's core
Slowing down but for a little while
At last catching up to the blameworthy
Who brazenly sit atop  the Moon
Arrogantly still in denial
Their rude awakening is coming soonI had a gig-horse, and I called him Pleasure
Because on Sundays for a little jaunt
He was so fast and showy, quite a treasure;
Although he sometimes kicked and shied aslant.
I had a chaise, and christened it Enjoyment,
With yellow body and the wheels of red,
Because it was only used for one employment,
Namely, to go wherever Pleasure led.
I had a wife, her nickname was Delight:
A son called Frolic, who was never still:
Alas! how often dark succeeds to bright!
Delight was thrown, and Frolic had a spill,
Enjoyment was upset and shattered quite,
And Pleasure fell a splitter on Paine's Hill.Strange water flows freely
Right through towns centre
Nobody suspects anything
So we drink it to excess
It flows from the wide mouth
Of the high lofty hills above
Straight onto our eager tongues
But we don't dare question it
For its source seems pure
Like the artist's untainted painting
It caresses our ego with seductive allure
Like it's some sort of cure
For our perceived inadequacies
And the reality of our insanity
Is that it's all an illusion
Just a simulated humanity
To feed a system of corruption
Perhaps One doomed to destruction
Many are blinded by this water
This strange, delicious water
Because it tastes so sweet
But numbs us from head to feet
This strange marvellous water
Is keeping our minds trapped
From seeing the real truth
...That we are without limits!the eyes are submarines
every moment is a nighttime
beautiful sea creatures of
this mind
forever appeasing
first meetings of lovers
more like
it,
i refer to art, this is the one
that always brings a new day to me
sunshine is not the usual sunshine on the fields of hay
it is always new and
different
always the first time
virgins in bed
on love's unwearied imaginations
the eyes are submerged
seeing what is not here for the first time
clouds bluer than ever
rotated by a fan
suns hanging on the ceiling behave like the stars in those heavens
those trees shedding off leaves
upon a teasing wind
dogs howl, the rain comes like hair
upon the slender neck of a beloved
doors close, windows open, the house staying put upon love
and the star of the show is silence restrained
too much restraint
joy contained exclusively on those arms tightened
like a jet surging parting the tight legs of a virgin sky.we are all riding in the same boat of
MV Poetry
we all eye an island of our dreams
we want to feel
the ecstasy of words, the sensation of sound
the scent of imagination
the Chairman of the Board
sees to it that there must be a proper classification
of all passengers
strict segregation
in accordance with social status
and economic standing
the color of the eyes
the smoothness of the skin
the mark of class in the
foreskin
we know our states
we get our economy tickets
we never have fine dining
and nice classical music
we only have our own
packed food,
cold and all that kind
of cheaper stuff
but we all know how to please ourselves
we the poor
and the underprivileged
or the middle class that we want to think
as a matter of elevating ourselves
a little bit
this backbone of
society
someone gets an FM radio
turns it on
and we have music then and then we dance
all night
among our kind of
class
holding on to each others'
weaker arms
those who die in their fame
are put in their most expensive coffins
and those who are rich and privileged like
have private rooms
hot showers
expensive silk linens
softest pillows
exclusive parties and
dark forest cakes and red sparkling wines
and chosen conversations
recited their own poems
and are applauded
with their own
special musicales
....i make a conclusion
it is also true here, very much exactly like it
when the boat shall finally sink
all scamper for life just the same.beyond our two flesh
i hang on
to the twig of the
divine
i am the black bird
with a wide
span of wings
i am heavier
than a stone on your
neck
but i carry on
like a cliffhanger
i will let my body fall
and i shall not use
my wings
i trust the sea
and i am a friend of the
full moon.Under the vast expanse of a starless night,
A wolf pack travels, feral eyes gleaming bright.
Whispers have said, “They are monsters under your bed, ”
But they don’t itch to pick a fight.
They flee from the forest and scatter,
For they’re hounded for their rumored matter.
If they turn and defy, they either live or die,
And fear brings about the latter.
Fear drives people to the brink,
Where they think they know all there is to think.
Once judgment is passed, these things won’t last,
Difference is a poisonous drink.
(Note: Written September 23,2009. How many times do we judge people before we get to know them because of the vicious rumors people spread about them? In this poem, wolves are allegorically representative for people that are different than the homogeneous mixture of people society demands.)A thoughtful Being, long and spare,
Our Race of Mortals call him Care:
(Were Homer living, well he knew
What Name the Gods have call'd him too)
With fine Mechanick Genius wrought,
And lov'd to work, tho' no one bought.
This Being, by a Model bred
In Jove's eternal sable Head,
Contriv'd a Shape impow'rd to breathe,
And be the Worldling here beneath.
The Man rose staring, like a Stake;
Wond'ring to see himself awake!
Then look'd so wise, before he knew
The Bus'ness he was made to do;
That pleas'd to see with what a Grace
He gravely shew'd his forward Face,
Jove talk'd of breeding him on high,
An Under-something of the Sky.
But e'er he gave the mighty Nod,
Which ever binds a Poet's God:
(For which his Curls Ambrosial shake,
And Mother Earth's oblig'd to quake
He saw old Mother Earth arise,
She stood confess'd before his Eyes;
But not with what we read she wore,
A Castle for a Crown before,
Nor with long Streets and longer Roads
Dangling behind her, like Commodes:
As yet with Wreaths alone she drest,
And trail'd a Landskip-painted Vest.
Then thrice she rais'd, (as Ovid said)
And thrice she bow'd, her weighty Head.
Her Honours made, Great Jove, she cry'd,
This Thing was fashion'd from my Side;
His Hands, his Heart, his Head are mine;
Then what hast thou to call him thine?
Nay rather ask, the Monarch said,
What boots his Hand, his Heart, his Head,
Were what I gave remov'd away?
Thy Part's an idle Shape of Clay.
Halves, more than Halves! cry'd honest Care,
Your Pleas wou'd make your Titles fair,
You claim the Body, you the Soul,
But I who join'd them, claim the whole.
Thus with the Gods Debate began,
On such a trivial Cause, as Man.
And can Celestial Tempers rage?
(Quoth Virgil in a later Age.)
As thus they wrangled, Time came by;
(There's none that paint him such as I,
For what the Fabling Antients sung
Makes Saturn old, when Time was young.)
As yet his Winters had not shed
Their silver Honours on his Head;
He just had got his Pinions free
From his old Sire Eternity.
A Serpent girdled round he wore,
The Tail within the Mouth before;
By which our Almanacks are clear
That learned Ægypt meant the Year.
A Staff he carry'd, where on high
A Glass was fix'd to measure by,
As Amber Boxes made a Show
For Heads of Canes an Age ago.
His Vest, for Day, and Night, was py'd;
A bending Sickle arm'd his Side;
And Spring's new Months his Train adorn;
The other Seasons were unborn.
Known by the Gods, as near he draws,
They make him Umpire of the Cause.
O'er a low Trunk his Arm he laid,
(Where since his Hours a Dial made
Then leaning heard the nice Debate,
And thus pronounc'd the Words of Fate.
Since Body from the Parent Earth,
And Soul from Jove receiv'd a Birth,
Return they where they first began;
But since their Union makes the Man,
'Till Jove and Earth shall part these two,
To Care who join'd them, Man is due.
He said, and sprung with swift Career
To trace a Circle for the Year;
Where ever since the Seasons wheel,
And tread on one another's Heel.
'Tis well, said Jove, and for consent
Thund'ring he shook the Firmament.
Our Umpire Time shall have his Way,
With Care I let the Creature stay:
Let Bus'ness vex him, Av'rice blind,
Let Doubt and Knowledge rack his Mind,
Let Error act, Opinion speak,
And Want afflict, and Sickness break,
And Anger burn, Dejection chill,
And Joy distract, and Sorrow kill.
'Till arm'd by Care and taught to Mow,
Time draws the long destructive Blow;
And wasted Man, whose quick decay
Comes hurrying on before his Day,
Shall only find, by this Decree,
The Soul flies sooner back to Me.Biological drive is a hard thing to fight
And if nature has made you a male
Through your will or your crotch you are driven in life
To proverbial chasing of tail
Like a hound on a prowl finest prey you may stalk
Then get trapped being deceived by your senses
For those tails have been known to be wagging their dogs
And dispel with the strongest defenses
Then, sometimes things get tough when you're herding a bunch
You can't tell after who you are chasing
And as dust settles down, with the prize in your teeth
It's your own ass you'll be facing.The fight was over, and the battle won
A soldier, who beneath his chieftain’s eye
Had done a might deed and done it well,
And done it as the world will have it done—
A stab, a curse, some quick play of the butt,
Two skulls cracked crosswise, but the colours saved—
Proud of his wounds, proud of the promised cross,
Turned to his rear-rank man, who on his gun
Leant heavily apart. ‘Ho, friend!’ he called,
‘You did not fight then: were you left behind?
I saw you not.’ The other turned and showed
A gapping, red-lipped wound upon his breast.
‘Ah,’ said he sadly, ‘I was in the smoke!’
Threw up his arms, shivered, and fell and died.I.
A portal as of shadowy adamant
Stands yawning on the highway of the life
Which we all tread, a cavern huge and gaunt;
Around it rages an unceasing strife
Of shadows, like the restless clouds that haunt
The gap of some cleft mountain, lifted high
Into the whirlwinds of the upper sky.
II.
And many pass it by with careless tread,
Not knowing that a shadowy...
Tracks every traveller even to where the dead
Wait peacefully for their companion new;
But others, by more curious humour led,
Pause to examine;—these are very few,
And they learn little there, except to know
That shadows follow them where’er they go.when i was small
i was taught that the meaning
of my life
lies inside the big dome
it is where destiny lies
all explanations possible
are contained in that book
kept inside the golden
casing,
life turns sour
and bitter and
sweetness seems
to be slippery like
an eel,
the dome does not help
and so i turned away
walked outside
and found this new place
outside the dome
trees and grass and
some dragonflies
clouds and cones
fine mornings
calm seas
there are lots of shapes and
colors and
odors
more explanations become possible
they're born like buds turning into
petals
and freedom is like a child
running wild and
talking in chatters
so many songs
and poems
and conversations flow
without fences
i like it here
even without you
i am hurt
but it is different now
i have befriended the pebbles
and the sands
the sun is terrible
but on a night like this
the moon comes once in a while
bringing me
another sense and meaning
some stars sing
they helpFoxes
2 in live 1-
self tell us what we're how
hard we train them to serve our goals,
they're fools.
Engage
Duo themselves in a duel to show
us what're - train ‘both but choose
a fox you like
to feed.When the rules of the game
change
on the blood exchange
All eyes staring
looking at the wrong thing
The leather bound book
we call an album
used as a journal
builds dust on it's covers
The words fade
into invisible ink
as it gets old in it's telling
older in it's
reading
The hand carved
antique jewellery chest with the
one legged ballerina
spinning circles to
chinese tracks
still positioned carefully
dead-centre
on the dressing table
in front of the mirror
Mental note:
Don't look up
Don't look in
that dresser mirror
When mirrored eyes meet
you'll see the evil unveiled
There's to be no shame
in the crying
-x-A-crostictractys
N-icely
D-enotes
R-emar kable
E-xpression
A-s
F-ictional
A-llegory
J-ust
A-mazes
R-eader's
D-i rect
O-bservation
Topic: Birthday of Andrea A. Fajardo (February 02)
Form: Vertical MonocrosticFound Poem - 2 (Allegory)
November 20, 2018
Losing its tail in a trap
To cut others' ones the jackal does suggest.Found Poem (Allegory)
20 November, 2018
Failing to reach the grapes
Ill says of those the jackal.H-appy
A-llegory
Z-ealously
E-rases
L -onely
R-ain
O-f
D-awn
E-liminati ng
O-bscurity
Topic: Birthday of Hazel F. Rodeo (July 26)
Form: Vertical MonocrosticI send you here a sort of allegory,
(For you will understand it) of a soul,
A sinful soul possess'd of many gifts,
A spacious garden full of flowering weeds,
A glorious Devil, large in heart and brain,
That did love Beauty only, (Beauty seen
In all varieties of mould and mind)
And Knowledge for its beauty; or if Good,
Good only for its beauty, seeing not
That beauty, Good, and Knowledge, are three sisters
That doat upon each other, friends to man,
Living together under the same roof,
And never can be sunder'd without tears.
And he that shuts Love out, in turn shall be
Shut out from Love, and on her threshold lie
Howling in outer darkness. Not for this
Was common clay ta'en from the common earth,
Moulded by God, and temper'd with the tears
Of angels to the perfect shape of man.The donkey is kept hidden
"A donkey has been lost"
Is announced,
Reward is also declared,
People are looking for it,
All are failed,
Taking the donkey out of hidden spot
The owner declares
The donkey is found.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │16 April,2018It was a warm and moonlit night
When ghostly, solemn light,
Doubting beauty in a breeze
And love outside of time,
Conspiring with the consequences,
Committed doubt to rhyme.
By early morning brilliant light
It was light that was out of time,
And love, hanging on a breeze,
Doing a beauty of a sneeze.Dangers of all kinds
Cancers of all kinds
Go along
The modern long
Ways
With chaos.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │20 January,2018"O bees, sweet bees!" I said, "that nearest field
Is shining white with fragrant immortelles.
Fly swiftly there and drain those honey wells."
Then, spicy pines the sunny hive to shield,
I set, and patient for the autumn's yield
Of sweet I waited.
When the village bells
Rang frosty clear, and from their satin cells
The chestnuts leaped, rejoicing, I unsealed
My hive.
Alas! no snowy honey there
Was stored. My wicked bees had borne away
Their queen and left no trace.
That very day,
An idle drone who sauntered through the air
I tracked and followed, and he led me where
My truant bees and stolen honey lay.
Twice faithless bees! They had sought out to eat
Rank, bitter herbs. The honey was not sweet.Oh ponder, friend, the lion
when he roars all the games scatters,
runs away and on and on
are scared that he will rip them to tatters.
How powerful is he
and where he hunts there’s trouble,
for most frailer animals a kind of emergency
as he rushes in for a kill at the double.
Yet as age encumbers him
he is driven from the pack
and looses his self-esteem
while in vain he tries to get his position back
and when old, wounded and in pain
at a time he gets real thin
and even fears the thunder that comes with rain
while it’s a pitiful position that he is in
as through the years he had developed his skills
but a time comes that his kingdom to him is lost
while he not apt to make anymore kills
and finally he has to pay the cost
while every vulture, hyena and jackal
runs circles around him while he snaps in vain
and continually the struggle is for nothing at all
while he doesn’t find anything to gain.PLATO’S CAVE ALLEGORY
(I)
In his seventh book of the famous ‘Republic’,
Plato narrates his cave allegory!
Plight of those prisoners inside the cave,
With their head fixed and limbs all chained!
They could only see the shadows on the front
cave wall,
Of various images of moving life forms!
Illuminated by a burning fire from behind,
A silhouette continuous show  on the walls they
could find!
But when a prisoner breaks through, to face the
sunlight of enlightenment outside,
He momentarily remains blinded by its light!
He rushes back to tell others about ‘true reality’,
But they get angered hearing about his newly
acquired discovery!
Preferring  the ignorance of the cave, taking those
shadows for truth, -
As their real life story!
(II)
Plato’s allegory of the cave is not a spiritual
rendering,
But about the process of acquiring knowledge
and learning!
Those ‘prisoners’ in the cave represents society,
The ‘fire’ burning behind, - their imperfect
knowledge and idiocy!
The dazzling  ‘sun’ outside the cave - as true
enlightenment, - ‘the good’,
For all philosophers seeking ‘true knowledge’ as
they always should!
And those ‘chains’ are the fetters of our mind, -
Our ignorance, prejudices and inhibitions, all
of mental kind!
About which those ‘chained prisoners’ had not the
slightest notion,
And Plato narrates his philosophic views without
emotions!
Plato’s ‘sun’ represents his ‘ideal forms’, his
concept of ‘ultimate good’,
Which centuries later   St Augustine, -
Interpreted as God divine!
Which the medieval world finally understood!
(III)
Look at our society today, being led astray,
By commercialized men and greedy politicians,
With their narrow parochial and vested interests!
Let us also not try to grab all things all at once, -
Which our parents and elders  in the past,
And taken years to build, to make things last!
With plethora of ‘tempting loans’ and materialistic
ways,
Aping those ‘advanced nations’ may only lead to
bad debts one day!
Let us not take those ‘shadowy images’ for truth;
With resilience of mind, our spiritual bindings,
and fortitude!
Remember that all seekers of truth and enlightenment -
since centuries past,
Have been cursed, imprisoned, killed or despised!
Yet seekers of truth shall forever seek to find,
And dare to show the righteous path - to our
misguided mankind!
-	Raj Nandy
-	New Delhi
-	28 Oct 08
(Having read the various academic interpretations
of Plato’s ‘cave allegory’, I added my own
in Part –III! Wishing all readers a Happy Diwali!)RARe Stanza - Lifestyle (Allegory)
April 9, 2020
Rats
Sad!
Pet
Cat
Stands hard for them
To live, to eat.
About
RARe Stanza:
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
6 Lines Poem ─
Syllables Meter: 1-1-1-1-4-4
Rhyme Scheme: aabbca; ababca; aaaaba.
RARe Stanza refers Right Angle Reza Stanza.
Geometric Theoretical Explanation of ‘RARe Stanza'
The 1st 4 (1-1-1-1) lines stand on the last 2 (4-4) lines,
At the joining point, line No.4 and 5 there the 90º angle is generated;
The 90º angle is known as Right Angle in Geometry.
Introducer And © Muzahidul Reza │ April 9, 2020Spontaneous - intimate obscurity
Suddenly an enlightened certitude trifles
Deep inside, the mind spreads out the landscape
Wide meadows, a quick gush of green
The endless sky shedding blue
And in the soil of time are being sowed chronicles.
Is this the legendary loam, the seeds of the century
That may turn into a tree of elegance?
Incessant downpour in human memory?
Continual motion
River within me
And the allegory of it, without.Those who do not know Salman Rushdie must know it
He is the golden boy
Of dream, allegory and the narrative technique,
Comics is his chief property
With which regales and jokes he,
Caricatures and comments
And criticizes,
An Indian, an Asiatic man
He tells about the adjusting and life-style
Of the immigrants and expatriates
Naturalized and domiciled in foreign,
How far Indian are those who live abroad,
The diaspora dais, dislocation and displacement,
The refugee problem, cultural ethnicity,
The quest for identity,
Settlement and re-settlement.Blizzards, wildfires, Tsunamis and hurricanes caused no trauma
Nor earthquakes & erupted volcanoes did any catostopic drama
Bam, boom, bang, humanbomb blasted in a jungle causing death
With shuddering, trembling & tearing as a misery struck
Horrible horror, terrible terror, mass violence spread, yuck!
Unleashing death, havoc, riots, & unrest in the absolute mayhem
Amphigory, focus-refocus-defocus on the animal farm: an allegory!
Mountains of debris, seas of smoke, dust & rust burst over them
The harmless animals - ducks, chicks, goats're perplexed, o man!
Running, rushing, shouting, yelling, and fainting, they began
Watching at the heap of torn bodies, they forgot to take breath
Wars, massacres, and all forms of evil activities took place
Bullies, rowdies, ruffians, and hooligans ruled without grace
Amphigory, focus-refocus-defocus on the animal farm: an allegory!
Committed crimes, passed the buck on others with an attack
Mistreating, abusing, plotting made them hard nuts to crack
Conflicts on complex matters divided animals into entangled boughs
Corruption, injustice, rottenness and bloodshed are common shows
Virtues buried down in the sea and vices rose up to the sky
Barbarism and terrorism inflicted on them, oh it's not a lie
The poor animals lost peace & morals that ruled for centuries
All are caught in chains of iron rules enforced by all countries.
Amphigory, focus-refocus-defocus on the animal farm; an allegory!
Ferocious animals ran roughshod with bioweapons in Dragon-woods
Chancing to pounce on the lesser animals of neighboring woods
With veto power: Animalia, pigs violated rules in the pigtatorship
nursing venom in their bosom, commited monstrous harms with a whip
They know how to cook goose, take booze, kick those everywhere
And when and how to cast invisible nets to catch fish with a snare.
Amphigory, focus-refocus-defocus on the animal farm: an allegory!
Two small goats were quarreling in another animal farm for toys
Some hyenas of powerful forest rushed to spot rising noise
For their howling at high pitch, bleating became unheard song mime
Bovines, bisons, hippos & rhinos joined the feast with a cruel rhyme
Sheep, cattle, cat, deer & hare with tears ran out of the farm
Mass struggles, class clashes, dreadful ruckus ruled in the same farm
Amphigory, focus-refocus-defocus on the animal farm: an allegory!
With the sudden demise of Napoleon: the pigtator, beasts cheered
Camels, zebras, dogs, monkeys, donkeys & ordinary ones reappeared
In ensuing battle for power, brutal lions emerged victorious
Shared power with wild boars, bears, chetahs & foxes atrocious
By defeating all farms, the bestial rules: animalia, are imposed
Ration's cut, spirit is crushed and to danger, beasts are exposed.
Amphigory, focus-refocus-defocus on the animal farm: an allegory!The Allegory - 101
March 7, 2019
The forest is small
But full of ferocious animals,
Harmless ones are
Almost no more.(Snail And Leopard In Allegory)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Snail walks
With your justice,
Leopard runs
With your injustice.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │23 January,2018You eat fish
Cat looks at you,
You offer the cat
Only some' bones.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │23 January,2018(Blood In Allegory)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
They are the traders
Trading only blood
And storing money,
The stored money is cursing the universe.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │24 January,2018(Allegory In Couplet)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Foams have covered your sea
What are in you none can see.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │10 February,2018(Allegory In Couplet)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Your gun can smell
Human beings well.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │10 February,2018The Allegory - 151
March 10, 2019
In wars
Fight all the boars,
No fear
To cause terror and spread horror,
Wild, ferocious beasts
Shameless cheats.Allegory: 15
The mountains are standing upwards
Humans are going downwards.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │2 March,2018The Allegory - 161
March 18, 2019
The state is full of ferocious animals
Chasing all the gentle.(The Allegory - 16)
In the earth there are two chicks
With some food and drink
Are eating and drinking
And living like friends.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │11 March,2018(The Allegory - 17)
In the sea port
Ships are anchored
The truth is on the board
No .
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │11 March,2018(The Allegory - 18 In Chain Verse)
Pain is in whole body
What will do the little balm?
Where will I apply?
When will the pain be calm?
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │12 March,2018A river is fully successful
When into sea it does fall.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │12 March,2018(The Allegory No. One)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Getting up in the morn
Graze here and there all day long
The cattle
No thinking of legal and illegal;
Day falls
To sleep again in sheds they return.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │21 January,2018Four footed
Two horned
No thought
No account.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │21 January,2018Allegory - 31
- - - - - - - - - - - -
Ant labor
Find favor.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 8 June, 2018The Allegory - 32
- - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Leech doctor
Blood sucker.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 8 June, 2018Allegory - 33
- - - - - - - - - - - - -
Spiderman technique
Children's favorite.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 9 June, 2018Allegory - 34
- - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Sinner fox and innocent crow:
Down passing fox does cheat
The up sitting simple crow
Cunningly snatching its meat.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 10 June, 2018Allegory - 35
- - - - - - - - - - -
To 3 cunning donkeys
Joins one foolish fox
Ever born
Their turn.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 9 June,2018Allegory - 36
- - - - - - - - - - -
Cat defecates
And with dust hides,
Thinking none will see
Even if it does pee.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 9 June, 2018Allegory - 37
- - - - - - - - - - -
In the forest tigers, lions
Live in different regions
Both are carnivorous.
Again, drink from same source.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 9 June,2018Big and wide
The tree is that,
But griefs are
In fact, that
No flower
No fruit.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │21 January,2018Allegory - 41
- - - - - - - - - - - -
Ass cunning
Fox foolish.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 22 June, 2018In solar full eclipse
Little moon covers shading the enormous sun,
Horrible!
But true.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 22 June, 2018Climbing on the tree
You declare yourself free,
Now you are cutting
Without thinking a less
A branch on which
Just you are sitting.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │21 January,2018The Allegory - 51
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
A teethless old boar
Neither can hunt nor is obedient to other
Rotten flesh eater
Lies under the tail of viper
As its flatterer
So to others a serious exterminator
On nasty life
Ugly staff
Is satisfied
To the open, dangerous spirit.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 25 June, 2018The Allegory - 52
- - - - - - - - - - - -
No angel!
Satan is all
To it's companions' hall
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 25 June, 2018Rose is it; yes, rose is it
When blooms spreading beautiful petals and sweet scent
I like to smell and praise of it
Bees rush to sit on it
For precious honey to collect
Others around gossip of it
Fame and humor pervade the environment
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 29 June, 2018Laying eggs in other ones' nests
Damages some eggs of those nests
A kind of birds goes.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 5 July, 2018These species hunt homogeneous
And cut, burn
Sometimes eat
Sometimes not.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 5 July, 2018The plants catch Devil's Marbles
Cannot catch grapes.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 5 July, 2018Torn pocket cannot hold savings
Though I double put.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 5 July, 2018The princess
Does demand
Milk of tigress
And what not.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │21 January,2018A monkey monkeys
Even with a tiger,
A fox foxes
Even with a jaguar.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 1 August, 2018King has shot the arrow
It has pierced a Negro,
"Sorry", King said
No judge is worried.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │21 January,2018Living
In the vast sea,
I am
Seriously thirsty.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │21 January,2018Vast desert, no rain
Some heartless beings are worldwide screaming.Gulping the biggest ox
The python is sleeping for long time,
After getting up it will be stronger than any time it was
To gulp another most enormous one
To get much strength
To commit most traumas.Falcons are soaring
So higher and higher
That the powers of controlling
Has lost the falconer,
Now they are aiming
At the animals live in our bower.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │21 January,2018As winter has spread its cold claws
So the severe cool wind blows.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │22 January,2018the meeting was incisive
lie the way my tooth is relieved from pain
but he
thought about what i said before
that moment when
the glass was emptied of its black contents
that night inside a cube of ice
when what followed was the transparency
of air
when both sides can be seen at one glance
when goodbyes and hellos
look the same like Siamese twins
when one finally sees through a hole and for a while
glances like a window of rain where you cannot help but just stay as you do not like to dance
and then he
says that
the universe is there and it is
nothing at alli made a cottage
of nipa and bamboo
and rattan
by the side of the
sea
it is not that
luxurious
any common man of this
village may come and
rest
i put the sign that any
tired man may sleep there
any traveler may use it
for free
i was away for three days
when i visited it
the vandals drew a big penis and
a vagina as big as a platter
poured black paint on the floor
and scattered drift wood
in the center of the floor
how unkind are these unknown
vandals?
but we cannot be outdone
we clean it again
repaint it with green and beige
to cover the obscenity
i guess, what devil destroy
God is never tired repairing
because we have promised
to be instruments of good
then we must all comply
now the cottage stands clean again
welcoming still a tired traveler.there is more
to find in this mountain
the snails have not reached here
the birds are not telling the complete view
a vista of clouds
and little white houses beside a river
there is more on top of the trees
you have seen a lot
but there is nothing that can be touched
for the pleasure of the hands
so what is the use?
the feet are ready
and tomorrow is the final leaving
there is no regret
somehow he will try getting into the body of the cow
it will be nice there
there is more pleasure with the grass
and there is no moral
code to adopt
mud is still cooler for the body
dress is but a prison without a keythere is an exit
from the shackles of darkness
from the depths of ignorance
to the liberating light
follow the tunnel of your dreams
awaken from sickening sleepand so there is this door that appears before you
and you open it
and then when you enter the room
another door appears
this is the cycle of doors that keep on appearing and you
keep on opening
but the room still appears from a distance
always distant
from your eager feet to enter
you say to enter the room i must please the door
but the room moves away just the same
and the door tells you
to keep the room
you have to burn it and when the room is burned
the door finally disappears
and then both the door and the room shall tell you
now be happy
for you now have a house of your ownI write for epitaphs on headless graves.
The wind kisses my fingers affectionately.
She wishes that I would shave;
She is as junoesque as the burnished sea,
And as clichéd: I said she should live in
The woods, by the pummel of a dead fallen
Tree, like a coffin still breathing,
And by night a busty epiphany, and opal
By which I stand erect and salute;
I mount by way of root, but waking up
She swims away, back to her bedroom
Far in the city, her eyes going wavering,
Wavering; awakened, she is the allegory
For the sea, doused in salt, yet living;
Her lips the well-meanings of what people
Mean to say; there nests an albatross, yet
To make house calls around our mast doused
In sun. I only wonder if I might stay my hand,
Or damn us all by kissing her.Home is an allegorical word of the world
Do not pollute the home
Where we live
Live our parents
Allegorically our parents are the generations,
Today our home is to the ruins.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │13 January,2018No earthquake, no thunder, no volcanic eruption
Or even there was not any of other natural calamities,
A sudden loud sound broke out all through the bush
With whizzing, shuddering, cracking, tearing, echoing,
Fear, horror, dark, terror, misery and ill spirits spread
Committing destruction, death in a horrible situation,
Dust, dirt, smoke coiled over the whole atmosphere
The harmless animals are quite perplexed, helpless
They began crying, shouting, running, rushing, fainting
Seeing reddish spots and innumerable torn bodies.
They blamed one another for committing the crime,
Brawling, harming, plotting hardened in them,
A long conflict complicated and awful tangled
Loosing the worms of crime, injustice and corruption;
The virtues sunk and the vices rose everywhere
Envious state of barbarism, terrorism inflicted on them;
The poor animals lost peace and principles they had
Centuries curses engulfed all what was out of thought.
Ferocious animals are in the neighboring big forest
Who always wait for chances on the helpless ones;
They do not care for hesitating in violating terms
Committing all sorts of hyenas and monstrous harms;
They know how and when to cook poisonous broth
And how to throw an unseen net to catch the rest.
Once some cats were quarrelling nearby the bush
Some wild dogs of the big forest made an instant rush,
For repeated barking mewing was beyond of hearing
Foxes and monkeys also joined within a quick haste
Crows, kites and vultures started crowing for the feast
What more, rats and mice left the bush being frightened
Dreadful tumult, commotion, collision, conflict took place
At the arrival of buffalos, deer, bears, wolfs and hyenas;
But with sudden and unexpected appearance of
Jaguars, lions, tigers and some bears' rejoining to them
Returning from the herd of small and weak beasts
Consisting boars, wolfs, hyenas, wild pigs and dogs,
Though wolfs and hyenas started loudly barking
But came to no use and got chased, retreated soon,
All the surroundings became instant silent and isolated,
All went away murmuring without more looking back.
The victorious were excited having got all easy victory,
But they found troubles to enjoy the whole empire lonely,
So there were roaring, shouting, blustering, threatening
Of occupying empire, power, lordship and over lordship,
Finally, all the bestial rules with ‘Might is right' were
Established in rules and regulations less animal state.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 6 October, 2016'Twas on the famous Empire run,
Whose sun does never set,
Whose grass and water, so they say,
Have never failed them yet --
They carry many million sheep,
Through seasons dry and wet.
They call the homestead Albion House,
And then, along with that,
There's Welshman's Gully, Scotchman's Hill,
And Paddymelon Flat:
And all these places are renowned
For making jumbacks fat.
And the out-paddocks -- holy frost!
There wouldn't be no sense
For me to try and tell you half --
They really are immense;
A man might ride for days and weeks
And never strike a fence.
But still for years they never had
Been known a sheep to lose;
Old Billy Gladstone managed it,
And you can bet your shoes
He'd scores of supers under him,
And droves of jackaroos.
Old Billy had an eagle eye,
And kept his wits about --
If any chaps got trespassing
He quickly cleared 'em out;
And coves that used to "work a cross",
They hated him, no doubt.
But still he managed it in style,
Until the times got dry,
And Billy gave the supers word
To see and mind their eye --
"If any paddocks gets a-fire
I'll know the reason why."
Now on this point old Bill was sure,
Because, for many a year,
Whenever times got dry at all,
As sure as you are here,
The Paddymelon Flat got burnt
Which Bill thought rather queer.
He sent his smartest supers there
To try and keep things right.
No use! The grass was always dry --
They'd go to sleep at night,
And when they woke they'd go and find
The whole concern alight.
One morning it was very hot --
The sun rose in a haze;
Old Bill was cutting down some trees
(One of his little ways);
A black boy came hot-foot to say
The Flat was in a blaze.
Old Bill he swears a fearful oath
And lets the tommy fall --
Says he: "'ll take this business up,
And fix it once for all;
If this goes on the cursed run
Will send us to the wall."
So he withdrew his trespass suits,
He'd one with Dutchy's boss --
In prosecutions criminal
He entered nolle pros.,
But these were neither here nor there --
They always meant a loss.
And off to Paddymelon Flat
He started double quick
Drayloads of men with lots of grog
Lest heat should make them sick,
And all the strangers came around
To see him do the trick.
And there the fire was flaming bright,
For miles and miles it spread,
And many a sheep and horse and cow
Were numbered with the dead --
The super came to meet Old Bill,
And this is what he said:
"No use, to try to beat it out,
'Twill dry you up like toast,
I've done as much as man can do,
Although I never boast;
I think you'd better chuck it up,
And let the jumbucks roast."
Then Bill said just two words: "You're sacked,"
And pitches off his coat,
And wrenches down a blue gum bough
And clears his manly throat,
And into it like threshing wheat
Right sturdily he smote.
And beat the blazing grass until
His shirt was dripping wet;
And all the people watched him there
To see what luck he'd get,
"Gosh! don't he make the cinders fly,"
And, Golly, don't he sweat!"
But though they worked like Trojans all,
The fire still went ahead
So far as you could see around,
The very skies were red,
Sometimes the flames would start afresh,
Just where they thought it dead.
His men, too, quarreled 'mongst themselves
And some coves gave it best
And some said, "Light a fire in front,
And burn from east to west" --
But Bill he still kept sloggin' in,
And never took no rest.
Then through the crowd a cornstalk kid
Come ridin' to the spot
Says he to Bill, "Now take a spell,
You're lookin' very 'ot,
And if you'll only listen, why,
I'll tell you what is what.
"These coves as set your grass on fire,
There ain't no mortal doubt,
I've seen 'em ridin' here and there,
And pokin' round about;
It ain't no use your workin' here,
Until you finds them out.
"See yonder, where you beat the fire --
It's blazin' up again,
And fires are starting right and left
On Tipperary Plain,
Beating them out is useless quite,
Unless Heaven sends the rain.
Then Bill, he turns upon the boy,
"Oh, hold your tongue, you pup!"
But a cinder blew across the creek
While Bill stopped for a sup,
And fired the Albion paddocks, too --
It was a bitter cup;
Old Bill's heart was broke at last,
He had to chuck it up.
Moral
The run is England's Empire great,
The fire is the distress
That burns the stock they represent --
Prosperity you'll guess.
And the blue gum bough is the Home Rule Bill
That's making such a mess.
And Ireland green, of course I mean
By Paddymelon Flat;
All men can see the fire, of course,
Spreads on at such a bat,
But who are setting it alight,
I cannot tell you that.
But this I think all men will see,
And hold it very true --
"Don't quarrel with effects until
The cause is brought to view."
What is the cause? That cornstalk boy --
He seemed to think he knew.I am wondering what became of all those tall abstractions
that used to pose, robed and statuesque, in paintings
and parade about on the pages of the Renaissance
displaying their capital letters like license plates.
Truth cantering on a powerful horse,
Chastity, eyes downcast, fluttering with veils.
Each one was marble come to life, a thought in a coat,
Courtesy bowing with one hand always extended,
Villainy sharpening an instrument behind a wall,
Reason with her crown and Constancy alert behind a helm.
They are all retired now, consigned to a Florida for tropes.
Justice is there standing by an open refrigerator.
Valor lies in bed listening to the rain.
Even Death has nothing to do but mend his cloak and hood,
and all their props are locked away in a warehouse,
hourglasses, globes, blindfolds and shackles.
Even if you called them back, there are no places left
for them to go, no Garden of Mirth or Bower of Bliss.
The Valley of Forgiveness is lined with condominiums
and chain saws are howling in the Forest of Despair.
Here on the table near the window is a vase of peonies
and next to it black binoculars and a money clip,
exactly the kind of thing we now prefer,
objects that sit quietly on a line in lower case,
themselves and nothing more, a wheelbarrow,
an empty mailbox, a razor blade resting in a glass ashtray.
As for the others, the great ideas on horseback
and the long-haired virtues in embroidered gowns,
it looks as though they have traveled down
that road you see on the final page of storybooks,
the one that winds up a green hillside and disappears
into an unseen valley where everyone must be fast asleep.On all the deer
All the tigers
In the jungle in Myanmar
Have attacked together.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │13 January,2018I.
He too has flitted from his secret nest,
Hope's last and dearest child without a name!--
Has flitted from me, like the warmthless flame,
That makes false promise of a place of rest
To the tired Pilgrim's still believing mind;--
Or like some Elfin Knight in kingly court,
Who having won all guerdons in his sport,
Glides out of view, and whither none can find!
II.
Yes! he hath flitted from me--with what aim,
Or why, I know not! 'Twas a home of bliss,
And he was innocent, as the pretty shame
Of babe, that tempts and shuns the menaced kiss,
From its twy-cluster'd hiding place of snow!
Pure as the babe, I ween, and all aglow
As the dear hopes, that swell the mother's breast--
Her eyes down gazing o'er her clasped charge;--
Yet gay as that twice happy father's kiss,
That well might glance aside, yet never miss,
Where the sweet mark emboss'd so sweet a targe--
Twice wretched he who hath been doubly blest!
III.
Like a loose blossom on a gusty night
He flitted from me--and has left behind
(As if to them his faith he ne'er did plight)
Of either sex and answerable mind
Two playmates, twin-births of his foster-dame:--
The one a steady lad (Esteem he hight)
And Kindness is the gentler sister's name.
Dim likeness now, though fair she be and good,
Of that bright boy who hath us all forsook;--
But in his full-eyed aspect when she stood,
And while her face reflected every look,
And in reflection kindled--she became
So like him, that almost she seem'd the same!
IV.
Ah! he is gone, and yet will not depart!--
Is with me still, yet I from him exiled!
For still there lives within my secret heart
The magic image of the magic Child,
Which there he made up-grow by his strong art,
As in that crystal orb--wise Merlin's feat,--
The wondrous 'World of Glass,' wherein inisled
All long'd for things their beings did repeat;--
And there he left it, like a Sylph beguiled,
To live and yearn and languish incomplete!
V.
Can wit of man a heavier grief reveal?
Can sharper pang from hate or scorn arise?--
Yes! one more sharp there is that deeper lies,
Which fond Esteem but mocks when he would heal.
Yet neither scorn nor hate did it devise,
But sad compassion and atoning zeal!
One pang more blighting-keen than hope betray'd!
And this it is my woeful hap to feel,
When, at her Brother's hest, the twin-born Maid
With face averted and unsteady eyes,
Her truant playmate's faded robe puts on;
And inly shrinking from her own disguise
Enacts the faery Boy that's lost and gone.
O worse than all! O pang all pangs above
Is Kindness counterfeiting absent Love.The State (Allegory)
February 24, 2020
The state is full of
Ferocious animals that
Chase all the gentle.FIRST SPIRIT
O thou, who plum'd with strong desire
Wouldst float above the earth, beware!
A Shadow tracks thy flight of fire--
Night is coming!
Bright are the regions of the air,
And among the winds and beams
It were delight to wander there--
Night is coming!SECOND SPIRIT
The deathless stars are bright above;
If I would cross the shade of night,
Within my heart is the lamp of love,
And that is day!
And the moon will smile with gentle light
On my golden plumes where'er they move;
The meteors will linger round my flight,
And make night day.FIRST SPIRIT
But if the whirlwinds of darkness waken
Hail, and lightning, and stormy rain;
See, the bounds of the air are shaken--
Night is coming!
The red swift clouds of the hurricane
Yon declining sun have overtaken,
The clash of the hail sweeps over the plain--
Night is coming!SECOND SPIRIT
I see the light, and I hear the sound;
I'll sail on the flood of the tempest dark,
With the calm within and the light around
Which makes night day:
And thou, when the gloom is deep and stark,
Look from thy dull earth, slumber-bound,
My moon-like flight thou then mayst mark
On high, far away.----
Some say there is a precipice
Where one vast pine is frozen to ruin
O'er piles of snow and chasms of ice
Mid Alpine mountains;
And that the languid storm pursuing
That winged shape, for ever flies
Round those hoar branches, aye renewing
Its aëry fountains.
Some say when nights are dry and dear,
And the death-dews sleep on the morass,
Sweet whispers are heard by the traveller,
Which make night day:
And a silver shape like his early love doth pass
Upborne by her wild and glittering hair,
And when he awakes on the fragrant grass,
He finds night day.The Ugly Dogs And Drunkard Guards (Allegory And Satire)
May 28, 2020
No sooner had the sacks of rice released from godown
Than the butcher chased dogs snatched,
Biting the sacks they began to run here and there
But they could not fully tear,
Soon the ugly dogs were kicked and beaten
And the most of the sacks were rescued
Through a long harassment and bearing others' pain
By the dull headed, drunkard guards.The white pigeons are flying in the blue sky
White and blue
How nice!
I have looked at the sky breathing a deep sigh
Of relief
I believe.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │13 January,2018The blackly ash-coloured, mountainous wild elephants
Roaming the forest-tract
Offering wild blooms
And water sipped in
From the fresh stream
And offering,
Pouring jala over
The linga,
Shiva-linga,
Naturally forming Shiva
Of the forest-tract
And the wind sighing by
Om namah shivay, om namah shivay, om namah shivay,
Shivay shivay shivay,
Hari om, om, om
With a murmur,
The wild-wild forest-tract elephants,
Mountainous and enormous
And huge and gigantic,
The wild elephants huge and gigantic
Just like the rocks, mountains
With the wild-wild blooms
Pink and pearly, golden yellow and glistening
And with fresh stream water,
Shivay shivay shivay,
Om namah shivay om namah shivay om namah shivay,
The wind rustling by,
Sighing by
With, om, hari om, om namah shivay,
Om namah shivay, om namah shivay
As if asking for blessing,
Seeking redemption from curse
If any human or divine.A moth fancied a butterfly
Alas, the butterfly was coy
She fluttered through the daisies
And he sputtered in the tulips
Forgetting all his joy
But remembering a happy moment in time.
Along they sputtered and fluttered on an imaginary path
Winding trails of meadows
Deserts deep with ocean spray
Are you alive, they inquired unto themselves?
"Ay, I am. Or I was? " Answered ‘no one'.
For through the flying twirls of time,
Itself the moments stopped.
When they stop
And only when they stop
They see the colors in between
But spinning, dancing, whirlwinds
Make the two a lovely scene.
Blues, reds and violets
Browns and earth tones
Creating the most slightly cyclone
Evervescence, glitter, particles, dust
Ere they meet
Moth and Butterfly
Time and space
Grass and green
Blue and sky
Moon and silver
Opposing beauties,
Wandering the wilderness
In perfect, awkward harmony.
On they go, ad infinitum.
Said a caterpillar to ant
Look at sky, see them fly!To Arema (Allegory)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
My dear Arema,
Be with aroma;
Don't spoil
With nasty smell.To The Helmsman (Allegory)
May 13, 2020
Still, you, helmsman do not wake up!
Deep sleep you are in! !
If you don't wake up,
It won't be dawn! ! !Traveling In The Wilderness (Allegory)
March 30, 2020
Some idiot drivers
Without driving well
Start playing with fire,
Fire touches the oil
And burns their tires
Bear the daffy travelers.Likening to a thunder
came down a boulder
fell down with a noise
made things look like toys
men working ran away
apprehensive of the fall in a way
luckily none were too near
could save their life dear
the mishap caused a furore
the neighbours raised an uproar
nothing could have been done
as the prevention was all done
certain happenings could not be predicted
reasons could never be attributed
the case could be felt in life too
unknown and unforeseen take place true.No doubt some thorough American manual can give you the low down on Europe's margins but mine, designed for only one traveller is better written & much shorter. Besides, if you remove the art, Europe's like the US, more or less a dead loss.
John Forbes, Europe: a guide for Ken Searle
Three ruby jewelled seeds
free fall between the pomegranate's
cosmetically enhanced skin
& the forefinger of the pre-pubescent
Christ child. This fruit stigmata;
pre-Christian underworld throwback
makes Martin Johnston pause, smile,
push his glasses back up the long
wall of his nose. His left hand
combs through black shoulder length
Velasquez hair, stump-jumping over
the Doric capital of a hidden mole.
His Italian hiking boots squeak
like a pair of Inquisition
thumbscrews turned up to the max,
inches across the polished beech
fingernail floor. Bosch's demented
figures take on more of that
tortured look. Bite down hard on
the afternoon's touched up flesh.
Further on, St Francis dances
on the head of a leopard to receive
the crown of thorns from Jesus
& Martin, turning a corner, enters
a scene of true chaos.
Two deranged men, a fat, thirty
-something Australian & an elderly
American tourist jostle each other
over a plumb position to view
Picasso's Guernica.
Martin, distracted by the sound
of security guards about to pounce,
doesn't hang around to see the fun.
Splits this sad Western ex-pat scene
& skips casually over the next
couple of centuries; thinks about
the five hours he queued once,
to get into the Uffizi Gallery,
& the one hour it took him
to go through it.loneliness
his childhood
warms him up
loneliness
he warms up to
his childhood
loneliness
childhood
his heaven
loneliness
his childhood
a repository of warmth
meditation
my heart on
a sea of sublimity
so lonely
a poem helps fill out
the emptiness
loneiness
the world
a graveyard
so lonely
i cheer up myself
writing a poem about loneliness
so lonely
i write a poem  to fill out
the emptinessSit in a chair
alone
People I thought were
friends
sit together but away from me.
Alone
I sit, wishing my
friends
would sit by me.
Alone
I get the urge to cry, for
friends
who don’t speak to strangers.
Alone
I sit, looking at the clock, seeing
friends
consider me as nothing.
Sit in a chair
alone
People I thought were
friends
sit together, but away from me.Tell me why it has to be this way
why I must face this life alone
Sanctuaries I thought were strong
now lay crumbled around my kneeling form
tears that fall down my placid skin
hidden by the rain that falls from a broken sky
Behind blinded eyes I hear the echoes
of those I loved in days now past
taunting me and haunting me in the frozen air
Surrounding and slowly taking away a light forever dimmed
As lightning flashes I see the woman I was float away
leaving me withered and nothing more than an empty shell
as the ones I held dear one by one turn away from me
Tell me why it has to be this way
why I must face this life alone
condemed to walking in the blackness
until it finally consumes me and I fade to nothing.A debtor to mercy alone, of covenant mercy I sing;
Nor fear, with Thy righteousness on, my person and off’ring to bring.
The terrors of law and of God with me can have nothing to do;
My Savior’s obedience and blood hide all my transgressions from view.
The work which His goodness began, the arm of His strength will complete;
His promise is Yea and Amen, and never was forfeited yet.
Things future, nor things that are now, nor all things below or above,
Can make Him His purpose forgo, or sever my soul from His love.
My name from the palms of His hands eternity will not erase;
Impressed on His heart it remains, in marks of indelible grace.
Yes, I to the end shall endure, as sure as the earnest is giv’n;
More happy, but not more secure, the glorified spirits in heav’n.A heart breaks easier alone
When no one sees you crying
When no one notices at all
That inside you are dying
A heart breaks easier alone
When they all think you're crazy
That when you crawl back in your bed
The whole world thinks you're lazy
A heart breaks easier alone
And there's no way to mend it
To stop the heart from breaking more
You simply have to end it
A heart breaks easier alone
Without a love to heal it
And finally the breaking's done
When you no longer feel itAs she sits alone on the hillside watching the sunrise
Silence is golden, movement is absent
Upon the grassy fields she sees shadowing darkness
The freshness in the air surrounds her intensely
Silence is golden,  movement is absent
Dawn breaks, the skies come alive
The freshness in the air surrounds her intensely
Birds flutter freely tweetering 'good morning'
Dawn breaks, the skies come alive
Upon the grassy fields she sees shadowing darkness
Birds flutter freely tweetering 'good morning'
As she sits alone on the hillside watching the sunriseA year has been passed since I left home
Again my life become lonely in the military barracks
My life without you, left me with only tears
I know that you never want to see me in tears
But it's been so hard to be here without you
When I am away from you, there is part of me dying
and I don't know where to hide my tears
Although, the distance has kept us away
but your memories keep on speaks to me
Always, It tells me that our love is to be loved
No one makes me feel the way you do
No one loves me so much the way you love me
When I am stay at the door of your heart
then I feel your inside flames that's burns my soul
Oh my love, let God speed my love
and bring me again into your arms soon.I.
Ah! wherefore by the Church-yard side,
Poor little LORN ONE, dost thou stray?
Thy wavy locks but thinly hide
The tears that dim thy blue-eye's ray;
And wherefore dost thou sigh, and moan,
And weep, that thou art left alone?
II.
Thou art not left alone, poor boy,
The Trav'ller stops to hear thy tale;
No heart, so hard, would thee annoy!
For tho' thy mother's cheek is pale
And withers under yon grave stone,
Thou art not, Urchin, left alone.
III.
I know thee well ! thy yellow hair
In silky waves I oft have seen;
Thy dimpled face, so fresh and fair,
Thy roguish smile, thy playful mien
Were all to me, poor Orphan, known,
Ere Fate had left thee--all alone!
IV.
Thy russet coat is scant, and torn,
Thy cheek is now grown deathly pale!
Thy eyes are dim, thy looks forlorn,
And bare thy bosom meets the gale;
And oft I hear thee deeply groan,
That thou, poor boy, art left alone.
V.
Thy naked feet are wounded sore
With thorns, that cross thy daily road;
The winter winds around thee roar,
The church-yard is thy bleak abode;
Thy pillow now, a cold grave stone--
And there thou lov'st to grieve--alone!
VI.
The rain has drench'd thee, all night long;
The nipping frost thy bosom froze;
And still, the yewtree-shades among,
I heard thee sigh thy artless woes;
I heard thee, till the day-star shone
In darkness weep--and weep alone!
VII.
Oft have I seen thee, little boy,
Upon thy lovely mother's knee;
For when she liv'd--thou wert her joy,
Though now a mourner thou must be!
For she lies low, where yon grave-stone
Proclaims, that thou art left alone.
VIII.
Weep, weep no more; on yonder hill
The village bells are ringing, gay;
The merry reed, and brawling rill
Call thee to rustic sports away.
Then wherefore weep, and sigh, and moan,
A truant from the throng--alone?
IX.
"I cannot the green hill ascend,
"I cannot pace the upland mead;
"I cannot in the vale attend,
"To hear the merry-sounding reed:
"For all is still, beneath yon stone,
"Where my poor mother's left alone!
X.
"I cannot gather gaudy flowers
"To dress the scene of revels loud--
"I cannot pass the ev'ning hours
"Among the noisy village croud--
"For, all in darkness, and alone
"My mother sleeps, beneath yon stone.
XI.
"See how the stars begin to gleam
"The sheep-dog barks, 'tis time to go;--
"The night-fly hums, the moonlight beam
"Peeps through the yew-tree's shadowy row--
"It falls upon the white grave-stone,
"Where my dear mother sleeps alone.--
XII.
"O stay me not, for I must go
"The upland path in haste to tread;
"For there the pale primroses grow
"They grow to dress my mother's bed.--
"They must, ere peep of day, be strown,
"Where she lies mould'ring all alone.
XIII.
"My father o'er the stormy sea
"To distant lands was borne away,
"And still my mother stay'd with me
"And wept by night and toil'd by day.
"And shall I ever quit the stone
"Where she is, left, to sleep alone.
XIV.
"My father died; and still I found
"My mother fond and kind to me;
"I felt her breast with rapture bound
"When first I prattled on her knee--
"And then she blest my infant tone
"And little thought of yon grave-stone.
XV.
"No more her gentle voice I hear,
"No more her smile of fondness see;
"Then wonder not I shed the tear
"She would have DIED, to follow me!
"And yet she sleeps beneath yon stone
"And I STILL LIVE--to weep alone.
XVI.
"The playful kid, she lov'd so well
"From yon high clift was seen to fall;
"I heard, afar, his tink'ling bell--
"Which seem'd in vain for aid to call--
"I heard the harmless suff'rer moan,
"And grieved that he was left alone.
XVII.
"Our faithful dog grew mad, and died,
"The lightning smote our cottage low--
"We had no resting-place beside
"And knew not whither we should go,--
"For we were poor,--and hearts of stone
"Will never throb at mis'ry's groan.
XVIII.
"My mother still surviv'd for me,
"She led me to the mountain's brow,
"She watch'd me, while at yonder tree
"I sat, and wove the ozier bough;
"And oft she cried, "fear not, MINE OWN!
"Thou shalt not, BOY, be left ALONE."
XXI.
"The blast blew strong, the torrent rose
"And bore our shatter'd cot away;
"And, where the clear brook swiftly flows--
"Upon the turf at dawn of day,
"When bright the sun's full lustre shone,
"I wander'd, FRIENDLESS--and ALONE!"
XX.
Thou art not, boy, for I have seen
Thy tiny footsteps print the dew,
And while the morning sky serene
Spread o'er the hill a yellow hue,
I heard thy sad and plaintive moan,
Beside the cold sepulchral stone.
XXI.
And when the summer noontide hours
With scorching rays the landscape spread,
I mark'd thee, weaving fragrant flow'rs
To deck thy mother's silent bed!
Nor, at the church-yard's simple stone,
Wert, thou, poor Urchin, left alone.
XXII.
I follow'd thee, along the dale
And up the woodland's shad'wy way:
I heard thee tell thy mournful tale
As slowly sunk the star of day:
Nor, when its twinkling light had flown,
Wert thou a wand'rer, all alone.
XXIII.
"O! yes, I was! and still shall be
"A wand'rer, mourning and forlorn;
"For what is all the world to me--
"What are the dews and buds of morn?
"Since she, who left me sad, alone
"In darkness sleeps, beneath yon stone!
XXIV.
"No brother's tear shall fall for me,
"For I no brother ever knew;
"No friend shall weep my destiny
"For friends are scarce, and tears are few;
"None do I see, save on this stone
"Where I will stay, and weep alone!
XXV.
"My Father never will return,
"He rests beneath the sea-green wave;
"I have no kindred left, to mourn
"When I am hid in yonder grave!
"Not one ! to dress with flow'rs the stone;--
"Then--surely , I AM LEFT ALONE!"Sitting all alone in a boxed room
looking at the walls locking in on me
looking like they are about to fall in and 'BOOM'
wondering what my life is going to be.
thinking to myself should i take that step out of the door
or maybe just sit here and cry for myself
'but what is there to life for' i should just lay here on this cold floor
i can't even call for help because i am all by myslef.: (SO many crosses,
so little hope, so many
puppets, praying for
some thing they dont
even believe in.where
is your devels, where are
your saints, where is your
GOD, when you fill your
body with drink, so many
crosses, so little faith,
so many puppets, waiting
for....what?When I'm talking to you,
I am never alone.
You are there. Your voice,
My sanity.
Then, you are gone,
Leaving me in a terrifying silent darkness.
When you are gone, no matter who may be around me,
I am alone again.
-He was writing his sermon.
He'd locked his room.
He wanted none to break his thoughts.
No one would ever disturb him.
He was alone, alone, alone.
He was fixing his false teeth,
behind closed doors.
He wanted none to peep in on his secret.
No one would want to know if he had teeth.
He was alone, alone, alone.
He was counting his coins,
in the darkness of his shabby hut.
He wanted none to know his wealth.
No one wanted his meager sum.
He was alone, alone, alone.
You and I are all like them,
locked behind our own doors,
not wanting to be pried into.
Not knowing how isolated we are.
We are just alone, alone, alone.Alone in the dark room
No one cares about me
so Lonely that i don`t find one to say ' hey '
No one can understand my feelings, my pain
No one can satisfy my soul
My soul covered with Darkness
empty with the precious values
full of the nothingness of the world
the estrangement forms a pic, a wired pic
No one can see, except me
so frightened this world
trying to escape from the pic
no hope to make it a way
following me as myself
Have one aim is to kill
decide to stop running
to find away to hide
New feeling i got to release
For the first time iam ready for the fight
But, it`s not important who will win
What really matters that ' i tried to prove myself 'Im nothing without
you Im dead inside
I cant move on
I know cuz I've tried
You threw me out the door
Im a lost soul forever moor
These are my tears
My tears of pain
with out you my
world is constant rain
Love is a lie theres nosuch thing
all it is is a firey black ring
You have lied to me but worse
you've played with my heart
You tried explain just please
dont even start
You said you loved me
you said you cared
how could you dismiss
everything we shared
So the damage is done
and all you did was run
I will never love anyone but you
That day rain came and the wind just blew
When I saw you my heart was sold
but now I sit all alone and cold.Amongst the flowers I
am alone with my pot of wine
drinking by myself; then lifting
my cup I asked the moon
to drink with me, its reflection
and mine in the wine cup, just
the three of us; then I sigh
for the moon cannot drink,
and my shadow goes emptily along
with me never saying a word;
with no other friends here, I can
but use these two for company;
in the time of happiness, I
too must be happy with all
around me; I sit and sing
and it is as if the moon
accompanies me; then if I
dance, it is my shadow that
dances along with me; while
still not drunk, I am glad
to make the moon and my shadow
into friends, but then when
I have drunk too much, we
all part; yet these are
friends I can always count on
these who have no emotion
whatsoever; I hope that one day
we three will meet again,
deep in the Milky Way.A friend I possess, whose whispers just said,
"God's peace!" to my night-watching mind.
When daylight is gone and darkness brings dread,
He ever the way can find.
He utters no word to smite and to score;
He, too, has known sin and its grief.
He heals with his look the place that is sore,
And stays till I have relief.
He takes for his own the deed that is such
That sorrows of heart increase.
He cleanses the wound with so gentle a touch,
The pain must give way to peace.
He followed each hope the heights that would scale
Reproached not a hapless descent.
He stands here just now, so mild, but so pale; --
In time he shall know what it meant.298
Alone, I cannot be—
For Hosts—do visit me—
Recordless Company—
Who baffle Key—
They have no Robes, nor Names—
No Almanacs—nor Climes—
But general Homes
Like Gnomes—
Their Coming, may be known
By Couriers within—
Their going—is not—
For they've never gone—Alone iam alone in alone island
Alone mew on alone palm tree in alone island
Alone shark surrounding alone island
Alone boat far away from alone island
Alone iam dying alone in alone island
Alone iam alone in alone islandOnce there stood a castle,
With towers so tall of stone,
So strong and white
Glowing like ivory bone
In the castle lived a princess
So lovely and so kind
Many times she dreamt of him
The prince she'd someday find
When the time finally came
And they stood side by side
Her heart sang with beautiful feelings
That time could not abide
They spent all their time together
Until summer came to an end
He then kissed her and departed
Disappearing into the wind
At nights she stood and waited
But never once did he return
Her head was bent with sorrow
Her eyes swollen from tears
For she knew he would not return tomorrow
And she would be alone for all her years
She thought she had given him her heart
For what they shared was special and true
But when sorrow came he left her
For he knew nothing else to do
The princess had nothing left to hang onto
No tiny thread of hope
She had no one left to turn to
And no one to help her cope
She went to the places they had been
Yet it was not the same without him
The flowers no longer cheered her
And the bright sun had become dim
He hadn't meant to hurt her
But the princess was lost in her own woe
All she felt was betrayal
In knowing he had to go
But with time she came to realize
He did what he had to do
Although her pain was horrible
He felt that pain, too.
The two had shared so much
They had given all they had
And knowing it was truly over
Oh, how it made the princess sad
She hadn't thought she would truly lose him
No matter how bad it may have been
They were more than in love
He had been her one and only friend
One night she found a message
Scrawled on the castle wall.
It said only, 'I love you, '
And the princess's tears began to fall.
She knew she'd always miss him;
He'd remain forever in her heart,
And even if they weren't together,
They'd never truly be apart....I walked alone
In Ann Arbor last night,
But you were
With me again on South Main
Among the college kids,
The restaurants and book stores,
Everyone moving around,
The folk music
Coming from the Ark;
Sweet Lady, you’ve won my heart,
Even though we continue to linger
So painfully apart.Alone in crowds to wander on,
And feel that all the charm is gone
Which voices dear and eyes beloved
Shed round us once, where'er we roved --
This, this the doom must be
Of all who've loved, and loved to see
The few bright things they thought would stay
For ever near them, die away.
Though fairer forms around us throng,
Their smiles to others all belong,
And want that charm which dwells alone
Round those the fond heart calls its own,
Where, where the sunny brow?
The long-known voice -- where are they now?
Thus ask I still, nor ask in vain,
The silence answers all too plain.
Oh, what is Fancy's magic worth,
If all her art cannot call forth
One bliss like those we felt of old
From lips now mute, and eyes now cold?
No, no -- her spell in vain --
As soon could she bring back again
Those eyes themselves from out the grave,
As wake again one bliss they gave.the clouds cover my heart,
I am alone in hospital,
nurses coming and out,
I feel I am alone.
Even nurses here and there,
I am out of the world,
sad and pain hit my face,
how bad to be alone.
The doctor whispered to me,
be brave, don, t afraid,
tomorrow will be better,
be strong as a stone.
My mind had been ruined,
i can, t thinking at all,
the sky seems hazy,
how sad to be alone.
........
Seconds seem ages;
the day a thousand year,
the fear inside my body,
told me, you are alone.
Suddenly I saw a shade,
could that be my wife?
Could sons come to see,
how sad I am alone.
The shade became too close,
O, God they are my sons,
my love is coming with them,
how bad I was alone.
By love they covered my sky,
by love returned my soul,
their love grant me the strength,
in front of being alone.
Tomorrow will repair my heart,
tomorrow is a biggest day,
even if I died that day.
By love I am not alone.alone in my darknees
i was alone...
alone i live in my darkness..
no one share me..
no one considerated my feelings..
i was a human without sense...
without loving....
and i was without heart....
i wasn`t saw in my darknees, only myself..
and my blackest dark..
suddenly.. a light came to me from a far way..
yes, its come and be near and close to me..
its come and its lights my darkness..
its let me to see around me..
its knowing me who was near me...
then i became not alone
i am with others..
became a human shared in feelings with others..
i became a human with a feelings..
with a loving....
and i was with a heart....
suddenly agian, a lights wants to go...
after its lights my darkness..
and after its make my heart a white..
no, no, don`t let my heart become agian blackest..
and don`t let me be agian alone...
plz don`t do.....I was walking alone in my forest one day,
Sleeping awake I went on my way,
And as I lookeed up the sun caught my face,
And my tears fell down in ribbons of lace.
The trees were entwined in the sky locked above,
In an extraordinary symbol of beautiful love,
And I walked all alone in my little wood,
And everything seemed just like it should,
Shafts of light stabbed all around,
Extending their arms straight to the ground,
Serene and peaceful the air hung in cloud,
Enveloping me in a wonderfull shrowd.
And all of this lay before me at hand,
Unfortunately though, no matter how grand
It all was a dream, it all was a fake,
Something I could never see awake.
I was walking alone in my forest one day,
Sleeping awake I went on my way,
And as I lookeed up the sun caught my face,
And my tears fell down in ribbons of lace.I know a seraph who has golden eyes,
And hair of gold, and body like the snow.
Here in the wind I dream her unbound hair
Is blowing round me, that desire's sweet glow
Has touched her pale keen face, and willful mien.
And though she steps as one in manner born
To tread the forests of fair Paradise,
Dark memory's wood she chooses to adorn.
Here with bowed head, bashful with half-desire
She glides into my yesterday's deep dream,
All glowing by the misty ferny cliff
Beside the far forbidden thundering stream.
Within my dream I shake with the old flood.
I fear its going, ere the spring days go.
Yet pray the glory may have deathless years,
And kiss her hair, and sweet throat like the snow.Alone in the woods I felt
The bitter hostility of the sky and the trees
Nature has taught her creatures to hate
Man that fusses and fumes
Unquiet man
As the sap rises in the trees
As the sap paints the trees a violent green
So rises the wrath of Nature's creatures
At man
So paints the face of Nature a violent green.
Nature is sick at man
Sick at his fuss and fume
Sick at his agonies
Sick at his gaudy mind
That drives his body
Ever more quickly
More and more
In the wrong direction.perhaps im done.
with this world,
with this moment of my life.
my story is undone.
twisted and not fun.
mixed up in lies and crys.
you shall never see the real me inside.
i shall protect myself from any harm to be done.
no more, for i shall stand and be the only one.
ill start building my walls,
no gaps, no holes no nothing.
just me and these walls,
i will close myself off from the world.
its for the best i shall say.
its for the best.
babe, just know i love you so.
i just gotta let you go.
i guess, our time is not now.
maybe im just foolish and shouldn't have let you out
babe, you amazing.
lord, help her find true love, for i cant give that to her.
my lord, help her have strength and guide her to a good place.
lord, help all those lost souls, for they need more help then i.
i will survive.
with these walls i will.
i just need to be alone.Common interests brought us together,
Conversations on which we could agree.
There has never been enough trust to discuss
Issues in which we'd disagree.
Our hearts don't have the magic connection
That allow our brains to share the same waves.
Cupid has not struck us with his arrows,
To each other's soul we are not slaves.
We occupy the same space, living in orbit.
Our eyes meet across silence the size of an ocean,
And while our intentions are in the right place,
Fear is the source of our eternal devotion.
You don't know how much I need you.
I don't know why I expect you to read my mind.
It is amazingly easy to feel alone in your arms;
The mystery is why romance is so hard to find.'So round, so firm
So fully packed,
So free and easy.
(Well maybe not.)
The product regulated by both
The Food and Drug Administration
And the Department of Agriculture,
Is sold to anyone who can ante up the buck or so,
And it's addictive, just ask someone who knows.
The flip top package invites you in
And from there on, you're on your own.
Appearances are everything and
Madison Avenue has gone out of its way
To entice the unsuspecting to buy not
One but two or more.
Then there's the matter of the food companies
Actually being in this business,
Peddling taste, while ignoring
Additives that may get you in the end.
For those who are discerning,
The manufacturer offers different varieties.
So that if you tire of one,
Or perhaps are just adventuresome
You can choose.
Once hooked, there should always be a stash
Hidden somewhere for that moment when the pangs
Strike and shops are closed, and a long night
Awaits before the morn.
The parent company is one perhaps you recognize,
Kraft, Conagra, Tyson's, Smuckers,
No, not any of these but still
A name familiar in most households.
So in the privacy of your home,
Reach way back, behind all the other items
And choose that which for the moment
Promises to sate your lust.
Best to keep it to yourself
As some may make fun of you for
Being so entrapped in a web
From which there is no escape.
Your offer to share
Will go unappreciated and
You may suffer rejection
For simply trying to do a good deed,
Spreading the word,
Making the product more acceptable
To those that scorn something
That has been a pacifier
For generations.
But first let's consider the shortcomings
That which is so long and cool
Is spiced with flavorings and of course
Like all tobacco products has a fair amount of sugar
Either there originally or added for quality assurance.
Quality Assurance, Sure!
Pop the top and admire the way in which
Industry has met the challenge of putting the most
Of those buggers into an orderly display.
No space wasted here.
And the march of color across the tops
Of those you lust for,
Is enough to cause one to consider dumping
The whole of them on the counter so you can
Have your way with them.
But wait,
Place you nose up close
Close your eyes.
What aroma stirs the emotions?
Breath deeply
And exhale slowly
This is how it should be.
Ah! ! !
Now greedily take one and
Roll it between the thumb and forefinger.
Examine it carefully,
Caress it with you lips,
Let the tongue explore.
Aren't you glad you're alone
No one should share the
Ecstacy of the unknown.
The touch and the taste.
It's too late,
Emotions take control
The first is gone and
You are already reaching for another.
Before you know,
The pack is empty
And yet you are not satisfied,
What to do but open another,
Can of Hormel Vienna Sausages.All the birds have flown up and gone;
A lonely cloud floats leisurely by.
We never tire of looking at each other -
Only the mountain and I.The sorrow of riverside blossoms inexplicable,
And nowhere to complain -- I've gone half crazy.
I look up our southern neighbor. But my friend in wine
Gone ten days drinking. I find only an empty bed.
A thick frenzy of blossoms shrouding the riverside,
I stroll, listing dangerously, in full fear of spring.
Poems, wine -- even this profusely driven, I endure.
Arrangements for this old, white-haired man can wait.
A deep river, two or three houses in bamboo quiet,
And such goings on: red blossoms glaring with white!
Among spring's vociferous glories, I too have my place:
With a lovely wine, bidding life's affairs bon voyage.
Looking east to Shao, its smoke filled with blossoms,
I admire that stately Po-hua wineshop even more.
To empty golden wine cups, calling such beautiful
Dancing girls to embroidered mats -- who could bear it?
East of the river, before Abbot Huang's grave,
Spring is a frail splendor among gentle breezes.
In this crush of peach blossoms opening ownerless,
Shall I treasure light reds, or treasure them dark?
At Madame Huang's house, blossoms fill the paths:
Thousands, tens of thousands haul the branches down.
And butterflies linger playfully -- an unbroken
Dance floating to songs orioles sing at their ease.
I don't so love blossoms I want to die. I'm afraid,
Once they are gone, of old age still more impetuous.
And they scatter gladly, by the branchful. Let's talk
Things over, little buds ---open delicately, sparingly.Alone...at birth
Alone...at death
Not alone...in the afterlifeoh, , sadness...
your circle killing me..
and your memories waves flooded me..
my life is a sky without lights..
where is your yelling o happiness..? ? ?
and in which wilderness, can i found you..? ? ?
i am a star without sense...
i am a candy without taste..
and here alone in that beach....Alone i lay on a wooden raft
Alone i stay in the dark
Alone i pray to survive
Alone i may not survive
Alone i look out the sea
Alone i wake up on the sea
Alone i seek out for help
Alone i may not survive
Alone i eat my dry food
Alone i drink the salty water
Alone i sit in the cold
Alone i may not survive
Alone, yes, alone i stare at the storm
Alone, yes, alone i live on the sea
Alone, yes, alone i wait for the rescue boat
Alone, yes, alone i may not survive
Alone, yes, alone i pray to be safe
Alone, yes, alone i call out for help
Alone, yes, alone i get on the boat
Alone, yes, alone i was rescued
Alone, yes, alone i lived on sea for months
Alone, yes, alone i walk ashore unaided
Alone, yes, alone i continue to hold the
Guinness World Record for survival at seaIn contact, lo! the flint and steel,
By sharp and flame, the thought reveal
That he the metal, she the stone,
Had cherished secretly alone.Alone I drift away,
Alone I walk a thousand miles,
Alone I fall asleep,
Alone I stare at the sky,
Alone I sit under a tree,
Alone I cry.
Alone I dream of you,
Alone I hope and pray,
to God who is oh so merciful and powerful
to let me find my way.
Alone I drift away,
Alone I live today,
and alone I'll die someday.My friends.
Where are you?
I want you.
I need you.
I want to say
Something.
When you ask what’s wrong, I say
Nothing.
When you turn away, I whisper
Everything.Over the fence, the dead settle in
for a journey. Nine o'clock.
You are alone for the first time
today. Boys asleep. Husband out.
A beer bottle sweats in your hand,
and sea lavender clogs the air
with perfume. Think of yourself.
Your arms rest with nothing to do
after weeks spent attending to others.
Your thoughts turn to whether
butter will last the week, how much
longer the car can run on its partial tank of gas.Surrounded by people
But so all alone
Feeling so lonely
No place to call home
Does he love me
When he is so cold
Do I have purpose
Shall I let this go on
I have no purpose
I am totally numb
To think he loved me
I was totally dumb
Love doesn't exist
In this house anyway
Home is where the heart is
And I have none!From childhood's hour I have not been
As others were; I have not seen
As others saw; I could not bring
My passions from a common spring.
From the same source I have not taken
My sorrow; I could not awaken
My heart to joy at the same tone;
And all I loved, I loved alone.
Then- in my childhood, in the dawn
Of a most stormy life- was drawn
From every depth of good and ill
The mystery which binds me still:
From the torrent, or the fountain,
From the red cliff of the mountain,
From the sun that round me rolled
In its autumn tint of gold,
From the lightning in the sky
As it passed me flying by,
From the thunder and the storm,
And the cloud that took the form
(When the rest of Heaven was blue)
Of a demon in my view.The noon's greygolden meshes make
All night a veil,
The shorelamps in the sleeping lake
Laburnum tendrils trail.
The sly reeds whisper to the night
A name-- her name-
And all my soul is a delight,
A swoon of shame.The day Caleb died
I was all alone
Lying in a hospital bed
So white and cold
Bleeding
Though I was all alone
The day Caleb died
I was all alone
Praying for someone to come
Watching the door
Hoping and praying
But I was all alone
The day Caleb died
I was all alone
I almost died too
Yet no one was around
And there was no one to hold
For I was all alone
The day Caleb died
I was all alone
I prayed for God to take me, too
But I didn't go
I prayed for someone to hold
But I was all aloneDay by day, I wake alone, in a cold and empty bed,
Day by day, thoughts of you, keep running through my head.
I wake and wish this day would be the one I see your smile
I sit and wait to see your face, I'm living in denial.
Because I know that there's no way that I'll see you today,
And as the sun begins to set, my hopes will slip away.
As darkness covers this cruel world, my heart grows darker too,
And I will whisper to the night how much I long for you.
The stars begin to twinkle, lighting up the sky above,
But the only light I long to see is the light of your love.
I pray tomorrow is that day that I'm holding you tight,
As in my cold and empty bed, I stare alone into the night.Lying, thinking
Last night
How to find my soul a home
Where water is not thirsty
And bread loaf is not stone
I came up with one thing
And I don't believe I'm wrong
That nobody,
But nobody
Can make it out here alone.
Alone, all alone
Nobody, but nobody
Can make it out here alone.
There are some millionaires
With money they can't use
Their wives run round like banshees
Their children sing the blues
They've got expensive doctors
To cure their hearts of stone.
But nobody
No, nobody
Can make it out here alone.
Alone, all alone
Nobody, but nobody
Can make it out here alone.
Now if you listen closely
I'll tell you what I know
Storm clouds are gathering
The wind is gonna blow
The race of man is suffering
And I can hear the moan,
'Cause nobody,
But nobody
Can make it out here alone.
Alone, all alone
Nobody, but nobody
Can make it out here alone.What is the difference in being all alone over here by my self
Or all alone over there with people who don’t care
And could careless if I was there with them
Watching
Waiting
Not being spoken too
Waiting for the right moment to speak
Sneak a peak of what its like on the inside
I am all alone where ever I go
Whether I am alone in a room full of people
Or an empty field all by my self
I feel the feeling of wanting
Need and striving to be with you
With someone
Anyone at all
But I can’t
I am all ways alone
In the cold
On my own
Whether it be in a crowed room
Or in a field all of my own
I am all alone
What is the true difference between being alone on my own
Or with people who don’t care
It doesn’t matter anyways
Why make a false invite and
Try to be polite
When you just turn me away
I am alone whether it be in a room crowded with people
Or alone in an empty field
With no one around to hear me scream and bleed and cry
What really is the difference between
Being alone with a crowd of people who don’t care
And being all alone over there.
Alone on a bench to cryAll alone, no one here
Not even a soul is 5ft near
A 4 player game being played by one
And it is actually kinda fun
'I pick up my life and take it on a one way ticket
Wherever I go it's my path so I'll pick it'
Sitting here alone, by the windowsill
But the air is bored, it must be filled
One comes in, then comes three
They have all come to join me
But I was happy didn't own a bored bone
I was happy when I was aloneI am alone, in spite of love,
In spite of all I take and give—
In spite of all your tenderness,
Sometimes I am not glad to live.
I am alone, as though I stood
On the highest peak of the tired gray world,
About me only swirling snow,
Above me, endless space unfurled;
With earth hidden and heaven hidden,
And only my own spirit's pride
To keep me from the peace of those
Who are not lonely, having died.I’ve listened: and all the sounds I heard
Were music,—wind, and stream, and bird.
With youth who sang from hill to hill
I’ve listened: my heart is hungry still.
I’ve looked: the morning world was green;
Bright roofs and towers of town I’ve seen;
And stars, wheeling through wingless night.
I’ve looked: and my soul yet longs for light.
I’ve thought: but in my sense survives
Only the impulse of those lives
That were my making. Hear me say
‘I’ve thought!’—and darkness hides my day.The abode of the nightingale is bare,
Flowered frost congeals in the gelid air,
The fox howls from his frozen lair:
Alas, my loved one is gone,
I am alone:
It is winter.
Once the pink cast a winy smell,
The wild bee hung in the hyacinth bell,
Light in effulgence of beauty fell:
I am alone:
It is winter.
My candle a silent fire doth shed,
Starry Orion hunts o'erhead;
Come moth, come shadow, the world is dead:
Alas, my loved one is gone,
I am alone;
It is winter.I, one who never speaks,
Listened days in summer trees,
Each day a rustling leaf.
Then, in time, my unbelief
Grew like my running -
My own eyes did not exist,
When I struck I never missed.
Noon, felt and far away -
My brain is a thousand bees.Alone in the world of writs
I stand alone
To mockery because my shoes are worn,
My suit torn.
Alone,
Because I refused to invest my time
In vanity of men’s wealth
The relentless treadmill of materialism.
The infinity of human thoughts are vital to me
While friends and colleagues
Constant in the mad rush for avarice
Alone,
When I speak against societal ills
Paid writers mock at me
And call me ‘fool’!
My mind, preaching constant messages of irrelevances
Because I will die a writer.
No money,
No friends,
No foe.
Alone,
When intelligent comrades backslide
into a reverse and praising of societal tyranny.
Alone,
When vanity of fame and temporal gain
Reduce men of honour
To a  loose dissolved state of lies.
Alone,
When the courage for truth
Falls to a beggarly withdrawal for fear
Alone,
When mass comrades reduce intelligence
To cheap Trade by Bata.
Alone,
When moneybags employ friends
In the service of sly.
Alone,
When kings and kingdom
Turn greater minds to lesser scribe.
Alone,
When hunger, pain, loneliness
Stare in the face
For uncommon stance.
Alone,
Let lies increase
Vanity multiply
Comrades compromise
Hunger kill
Clothes burnt
Impoverished me be
With no friends
No follower
And in the grave
Just like I came,
Alone, Alone.alone
yes I am
alone i will be
give it time you will see
i drink alone
i sleep alone
i walk alone too
when you give up on me
i know what to do
i slice and I dice
i cut me to shreds
alone i tell i am
alone i amI hang my head in my burning palms,
tears sting against my soul, searching
for the calm. Heartaches like never
before, broken, so lonely and torn.
Never to see the light, no tunnel to
be seen, sitting here alone, within my
silent screams. No hand to reach for, no
one to hold me close, I have never
felt so alone.
No one to pull me to safety, no one to
turn to, just broken hearted, searching
for life anew. No embrace, just tears
that fall down my face.
No guarantees on life or love, nothing
but dark clouds linger above. The world
tightens her grip with every breath I take,
making the next step impossible to take.
Alone in a world, the void is here, taking
over my being, taking my life, but in this
void I lose the strife. Haunting thoughts
consume me, just looking through these
tears, just wanting to be free.the flesh covers the bone
and they put a mind
in there and
sometimes a soul,
and the women break
vases against the walls
and the men drink too
much
and nobody finds the
one
but keep
looking
crawling in and out
of beds.
flesh covers
the bone and the
flesh searches
for more than
flesh.
there's no chance
at all:
we are all trapped
by a singular
fate.
nobody ever finds
the one.
the city dumps fill
the junkyards fill
the madhouses fill
the hospitals fill
the graveyards fill
nothing else
fills.
Anonymous submission.And I was alone with my thoughts.
Memories swirl in a unison of faith.
Change has been inevitably declined.
Passion bleeds from walls glittered gold.
And I was alone with my thoughts.
Recipe for destruction gilded on the page.
A gift purely given like forgotten trash.
Forever has no distinction beyond now.
And I was alone with my thoughts.
Authority is a prodigy of laziness.
Wealth measured by free-flowing barriers.
Sensuality is a brand no longer tangible.
And I was alone with my thoughts.
Swinging on a broken rope of promise.
The puddle is full of cracks.
Feminine impression embedded on the seat.
And I was alone with my thoughts.
Glistening prisms of a generation forgotten.
Barriers instilled on a broken mirror.
Reflections stagnant with happenstance.
And I was alone.
Copyright 2006 A.J. McKinleyAS I sat alone, by blue Ontario's shore,
As I mused of these mighty days, and of peace return'd, and the dead
that return no more,
A Phantom, gigantic, superb, with stern visage, accosted me;
Chant me the poem, it said, that comes from the soul of America--
chant me the carol of victory;
And strike up the marches of Libertad--marches more powerful yet;
And sing me before you go, the song of the throes of Democracy.
(Democracy--the destin'd conqueror--yet treacherous lip-smiles
everywhere,
And Death and infidelity at every step.)
A Nation announcing itself,
I myself make the only growth by which I can be appreciated,       10
I reject none, accept all, then reproduce all in my own forms.
A breed whose proof is in time and deeds;
What we are, we are--nativity is answer enough to objections;
We wield ourselves as a weapon is wielded,
We are powerful and tremendous in ourselves,
We are executive in ourselves--We are sufficient in the variety of
ourselves,
We are the most beautiful to ourselves, and in ourselves;
We stand self-pois'd in the middle, branching thence over the world;
From Missouri, Nebraska, or Kansas, laughing attacks to scorn.
Nothing is sinful to us outside of ourselves,                      20
Whatever appears, whatever does not appear, we are beautiful or
sinful in ourselves only.
(O mother! O sisters dear!
If we are lost, no victor else has destroy'd us;
It is by ourselves we go down to eternal night.)
Have you thought there could be but a single Supreme?
There can be any number of Supremes--One does not countervail
another, any more than one eyesight countervails another, or
one life countervails another.
All is eligible to all,
All is for individuals--All is for you,
No condition is prohibited--not God's, or any.
All comes by the body--only health puts you rapport with the
universe.                                                    30
Produce great persons, the rest follows.
America isolated I sing;
I say that works made here in the spirit of other lands, are so much
poison in The States.
(How dare such insects as we see assume to write poems for America?
For our victorious armies, and the offspring following the armies?)
Piety and conformity to them that like!
Peace, obesity, allegiance, to them that like!
I am he who tauntingly compels men, women, nations,
Crying, Leap from your seats, and contend for your lives!
I am he who walks the States with a barb'd tongue, questioning every
one I meet;                                                  40
Who are you, that wanted only to be told what you knew before?
Who are you, that wanted only a book to join you in your nonsense?
(With pangs and cries, as thine own, O bearer of many children!
These clamors wild, to a race of pride I give.)
O lands! would you be freer than all that has ever been before?
If you would be freer than all that has been before, come listen to
me.
Fear grace--Fear elegance, civilization, delicatesse,
Fear the mellow sweet, the sucking of honey-juice;
Beware the advancing mortal ripening of nature,
Beware what precedes the decay of the ruggedness of states and
men.                                                         50
Ages, precedents, have long been accumulating undirected materials,
America brings builders, and brings its own styles.
The immortal poets of Asia and Europe have done their work, and
pass'd to other spheres,
A work remains, the work of surpassing all they have done.
America, curious toward foreign characters, stands by its own at all
hazards,
Stands removed, spacious, composite, sound--initiates the true use of
precedents,
Does not repel them, or the past, or what they have produced under
their forms,
Takes the lesson with calmness, perceives the corpse slowly borne
from the house,
Perceives that it waits a little while in the door--that it was
fittest for its days,
That its life has descended to the stalwart and well-shaped heir who
approaches,                                                  60
And that he shall be fittest for his days.
Any period, one nation must lead,
One land must be the promise and reliance of the future.
These States are the amplest poem,
Here is not merely a nation, but a teeming nation of nations,
Here the doings of men correspond with the broadcast doings of the
day and night,
Here is what moves in magnificent masses, careless of particulars,
Here are the roughs, beards, friendliness, combativeness, the Soul
loves,
Here the flowing trains--here the crowds, equality, diversity, the
Soul loves.
Land of lands, and bards to corroborate!                           70
Of them, standing among them, one lifts to the light his west-bred
face,
To him the hereditary countenance bequeath'd, both mother's and
father's,
His first parts substances, earth, water, animals, trees,
Built of the common stock, having room for far and near,
Used to dispense with other lands, incarnating this land,
Attracting it Body and Soul to himself, hanging on its neck with
incomparable love,
Plunging his seminal muscle into its merits and demerits,
Making its cities, beginnings, events, diversities, wars, vocal in
him,
Making its rivers, lakes, bays, embouchure in him,
Mississippi with yearly freshets and changing chutes--Columbia,
Niagara, Hudson, spending themselves lovingly in him,        80
If the Atlantic coast stretch, or the Pacific coast stretch, he
stretching with them north or south,
Spanning between them, east and west, and touching whatever is
between them,
Growths growing from him to offset the growth of pine, cedar,
hemlock, live-oak, locust, chestnut, hickory, cottonwood,
orange, magnolia,
Tangles as tangled in him as any cane-brake or swamp,
He likening sides and peaks of mountains, forests coated with
northern transparent ice,
Off him pasturage, sweet and natural as savanna, upland, prairie,
Through him flights, whirls, screams, answering those of the fish-
hawk, mocking-bird, night-heron, and eagle;
His spirit surrounding his country's spirit, unclosed to good and
evil,
Surrounding the essences of real things, old times and present times,
Surrounding just found shores, islands, tribes of red aborigines,  90
Weather-beaten vessels, landings, settlements, embryo stature and
muscle,
The haughty defiance of the Year 1--war, peace, the formation of the
Constitution,
The separate States, the simple, elastic scheme, the immigrants,
The Union, always swarming with blatherers, and always sure and
impregnable,
The unsurvey'd interior, log-houses, clearings, wild animals,
hunters, trappers;
Surrounding the multiform agriculture, mines, temperature, the
gestation of new States,
Congress convening every Twelfth-month, the members duly coming up
from the uttermost parts;
Surrounding the noble character of mechanics and farmers, especially
the young men,
Responding their manners, speech, dress, friendships--the gait they
have of persons who never knew how it felt to stand in the
presence of superiors,
The freshness and candor of their physiognomy, the copiousness and
decision of their phrenology,                               100
The picturesque looseness of their carriage, their fierceness when
wrong'd,
The fluency of their speech, their delight in music, their curiosity,
good temper, and open-handedness--the whole composite make,
The prevailing ardor and enterprise, the large amativeness,
The perfect equality of the female with the male, the fluid movement
of the population,
The superior marine, free commerce, fisheries, whaling, gold-digging,
Wharf-hemm'd cities, railroad and steamboat lines, intersecting all
points,
Factories, mercantile life, labor-saving machinery, the north-east,
north-west, south-west,
Manhattan firemen, the Yankee swap, southern plantation life,
Slavery--the murderous, treacherous conspiracy to raise it upon the
ruins of all the rest;
On and on to the grapple with it--Assassin! then your life or ours be
the stake--and respite no more.                             110
(Lo! high toward heaven, this day,
Libertad! from the conqueress' field return'd,
I mark the new aureola around your head;
No more of soft astral, but dazzling and fierce,
With war's flames, and the lambent lightnings playing,
And your port immovable where you stand;
With still the inextinguishable glance, and the clench'd and lifted
fist,
And your foot on the neck of the menacing one, the scorner, utterly
crush'd beneath you;
The menacing, arrogant one, that strode and advanced with his
senseless scorn, bearing the murderous knife;
--Lo! the wide swelling one, the braggart, that would yesterday do so
much!                                                       120
To-day a carrion dead and damn'd, the despised of all the earth!
An offal rank, to the dunghill maggots spurn'd.)
Others take finish, but the Republic is ever constructive, and ever
keeps vista;
Others adorn the past--but you, O days of the present, I adorn you!
O days of the future, I believe in you! I isolate myself for your
sake;
O America, because you build for mankind, I build for you!
O well-beloved stone-cutters! I lead them who plan with decision and
science,
I lead the present with friendly hand toward the future.
Bravas to all impulses sending sane children to the next age!
But damn that which spends itself, with no thought of the stain,
pains, dismay, feebleness it is bequeathing.                130
I listened to the Phantom by Ontario's shore,
I heard the voice arising, demanding bards;
By them, all native and grand--by them alone can The States be fused
into the compact organism of a Nation.
To hold men together by paper and seal, or by compulsion, is no
account;
That only holds men together which aggregates all in a living
principle, as the hold of the limbs of the body, or the fibres
of plants.
Of all races and eras, These States, with veins full of poetical
stuff, most need poets, and are to have the greatest, and use
them the greatest;
Their Presidents shall not be their common referee so much as their
poets shall.
(Soul of love, and tongue of fire!
Eye to pierce the deepest deeps, and sweep the world!
--Ah, mother! prolific and full in all besides--yet how long barren,
barren?)                                                    140
Of These States, the poet is the equable man,
Not in him, but off from him, things are grotesque, eccentric, fail
of their full returns,
Nothing out of its place is good, nothing in its place is bad,
He bestows on every object or quality its fit proportion, neither
more nor less,
He is the arbiter of the diverse, he is the key,
He is the equalizer of his age and land,
He supplies what wants supplying--he checks what wants checking,
In peace, out of him speaks the spirit of peace, large, rich,
thrifty, building populous towns, encouraging agriculture,
arts, commerce, lighting the study of man, the Soul, health,
immortality, government;
In war, he is the best backer of the war--he fetches artillery as
good as the engineer's--he can make every word he speaks draw
blood;
The years straying toward infidelity, he withholds by his steady
faith,                                                      150
He is no argurer, he is judgment--(Nature accepts him absolutely;)
He judges not as the judge judges, but as the sun falling round a
helpless thing;
As he sees the farthest, he has the most faith,
His thoughts are the hymns of the praise of things,
In the dispute on God and eternity he is silent,
He sees eternity less like a play with a prologue and denouement,
He sees eternity in men and women--he does not see men and women as
dreams or dots.
For the great Idea, the idea of perfect and free individuals,
For that idea the bard walks in advance, leader of leaders,
The attitude of him cheers up slaves and horrifies foreign
despots.                                                    160
Without extinction is Liberty! without retrograde is Equality!
They live in the feelings of young men, and the best women;
Not for nothing have the indomitable heads of the earth been always
ready to fall for Liberty.
For the great Idea!
That, O my brethren--that is the mission of Poets.
Songs of stern defiance, ever ready,
Songs of the rapid arming, and the march,
The flag of peace quick-folded, and instead, the flag we know,
Warlike flag of the great Idea.
(Angry cloth I saw there leaping!                                 170
I stand again in leaden rain, your flapping folds saluting;
I sing you over all, flying, beckoning through the fight--O the hard-
contested fight!
O the cannons ope their rosy-flashing muzzles! the hurtled balls
scream!
The battle-front forms amid the smoke--the volleys pour incessant
from the line;
Hark! the ringing word, Charge!--now the tussle, and the furious
maddening yells;
Now the corpses tumble curl'd upon the ground,
Cold, cold in death, for precious life of you,
Angry cloth I saw there leaping.)
Are you he who would assume a place to teach, or be a poet here in
The States?
The place is august--the terms obdurate.                          180
Who would assume to teach here, may well prepare himself, body and
mind,
He may well survey, ponder, arm, fortify, harden, make lithe,
himself,
He shall surely be question'd beforehand by me with many and stern
questions.
Who are you, indeed, who would talk or sing to America?
Have you studied out the land, its idioms and men?
Have you learn'd the physiology, phrenology, politics, geography,
pride, freedom, friendship, of the land? its substratums and
objects?
Have you consider'd the organic compact of the first day of the first
year of Independence, sign'd by the Commissioners, ratified by
The States, and read by Washington at the head of the army?
Have you possess'd yourself of the Federal Constitution?
Do you see who have left all feudal processes and poems behind them,
and assumed the poems and processes of Democracy?
Are you faithful to things? do you teach as the land and sea, the
bodies of men, womanhood, amativeness, angers, teach?       190
Have you sped through fleeting customs, popularities?
Can you hold your hand against all seductions, follies, whirls,
fierce contentions? are you very strong? are you really of the
whole people?
Are you not of some coterie? some school or mere religion?
Are you done with reviews and criticisms of life? animating now to
life itself?
Have you vivified yourself from the maternity of These States?
Have you too the old, ever-fresh forbearance and impartiality?
Do you hold the like love for those hardening to maturity; for the
last-born? little and big? and for the errant?
What is this you bring my America?
Is it uniform with my country?
Is it not something that has been better told or done before?     200
Have you not imported this, or the spirit of it, in some ship?
Is it not a mere tale? a rhyme? a prettiness? is the good old cause
in it?
Has it not dangled long at the heels of the poets, politicians,
literats, of enemies' lands?
Does it not assume that what is notoriously gone is still here?
Does it answer universal needs? will it improve manners?
Does it sound, with trumpet-voice, the proud victory of the Union, in
that secession war?
Can your performance face the open fields and the seaside?
Will it absorb into me as I absorb food, air--to appear again in my
strength, gait, face?
Have real employments contributed to it? original makers--not mere
amanuenses?
Does it meet modern discoveries, calibers, facts face to face?    210
What does it mean to me? to American persons, progresses, cities?
Chicago, Kanada, Arkansas? the planter, Yankee, Georgian,
native, immigrant, sailors, squatters, old States, new States?
Does it encompass all The States, and the unexceptional rights of all
the men and women of the earth? (the genital impulse of These
States;)
Does it see behind the apparent custodians, the real custodians,
standing, menacing, silent--the mechanics, Manhattanese,
western men, southerners, significant alike in their apathy,
and in the promptness of their love?
Does it see what finally befalls, and has always finally befallen,
each temporizer, patcher, outsider, partialist, alarmist,
infidel, who has ever ask'd anything of America?
What mocking and scornful negligence?
The track strew'd with the dust of skeletons;
By the roadside others disdainfully toss'd.
Rhymes and rhymers pass away--poems distill'd from foreign poems pass
away,
The swarms of reflectors and the polite pass, and leave ashes;
Admirers, importers, obedient persons, make but the soul of
literature;                                                 220
America justifies itself, give it time--no disguise can deceive it,
or conceal from it--it is impassive enough,
Only toward the likes of itself will it advance to meet them,
If its poets appear, it will in due time advance to meet them--there
is no fear of mistake,
(The proof of a poet shall be sternly deferr'd, till his country
absorbs him as affectionately as he has absorb'd it.)
He masters whose spirit masters--he tastes sweetest who results
sweetest in the long run;
The blood of the brawn beloved of time is unconstraint;
In the need of poems, philosophy, politics, manners, engineering, an
appropriate native grand-opera, shipcraft, any craft, he or she
is greatest who contributes the greatest original practical
example.
Already a nonchalant breed, silently emerging, appears on the
streets,
People's lips salute only doers, lovers, satisfiers, positive
knowers; There will shortly be no more priests--I say their
work is done,                                               230
Death is without emergencies here, but life is perpetual emergencies
here,
Are your body, days, manners, superb? after death you shall be
superb;
Justice, health, self-esteem, clear the way with irresistible power;
How dare you place anything before a man?
Fall behind me, States!
A man before all--myself, typical before all.
Give me the pay I have served for!
Give me to sing the song of the great Idea! take all the rest;
I have loved the earth, sun, animals--I have despised riches,
I have given alms to every one that ask'd, stood up for the stupid
and crazy, devoted my income and labor to others,           240
I have hated tyrants, argued not concerning God, had patience and
indulgence toward the people, taken off my hat to nothing known
or unknown,
I have gone freely with powerful uneducated persons, and with the
young, and with the mothers of families,
I have read these leaves to myself in the open air--I have tried them
by trees, stars, rivers,
I have dismiss'd whatever insulted my own Soul or defiled my Body,
I have claim'd nothing to myself which I have not carefully claim'd
for others on the same terms,
I have sped to the camps, and comrades found and accepted from every
State;
(In war of you, as well as peace, my suit is good, America--sadly I
boast;
Upon this breast has many a dying soldier lean'd, to breathe his
last;
This arm, this hand, this voice, have nourish'd, rais'd, restored,
To life recalling many a prostrate form:)                         250
--I am willing to wait to be understood by the growth of the taste of
myself,
I reject none, I permit all.
(Say, O mother! have I not to your thought been faithful?
Have I not, through life, kept you and yours before me?)
I swear I begin to see the meaning of these things!
It is not the earth, it is not America, who is so great,
It is I who am great, or to be great--it is you up there, or any one;
It is to walk rapidly through civilizations, governments, theories,
Through poems, pageants, shows, to form great individuals.
Underneath all, individuals!                                      260
I swear nothing is good to me now that ignores individuals,
The American compact is altogether with individuals,
The only government is that which makes minute of individuals,
The whole theory of the universe is directed to one single
individual--namely, to You.
(Mother! with subtle sense severe--with the naked sword in your hand,
I saw you at last refuse to treat but directly with individuals.)
Underneath all, nativity,
I swear I will stand by my own nativity--pious or impious, so be it;
I swear I am charm'd with nothing except nativity,
Men, women, cities, nations, are only beautiful from nativity.    270
Underneath all is the need of the expression of love for men and
women,
I swear I have seen enough of mean and impotent modes of expressing
love for men and women,
After this day I take my own modes of expressing love for men and
women.
I swear I will have each quality of my race in myself,
(Talk as you like, he only suits These States whose manners favor the
audacity and sublime turbulence of The States.)
Underneath the lessons of things, spirits, Nature, governments,
ownerships, I swear I perceive other lessons,
Underneath all, to me is myself--to you, yourself--(the same
monotonous old song.)
O I see now, flashing, that this America is only you and me,
Its power, weapons, testimony, are you and me,
Its crimes, lies, thefts, defections, slavery, are you and me,    280
Its Congress is you and me--the officers, capitols, armies, ships,
are you and me,
Its endless gestations of new States are you and me,
The war--that war so bloody and grim--the war I will henceforth
forget--was you and me,
Natural and artificial are you and me,
Freedom, language, poems, employments, are you and me,
Past, present, future, are you and me.
I swear I dare not shirk any part of myself,
Not any part of America, good or bad,
Not the promulgation of Liberty--not to cheer up slaves and horrify
foreign despots,
Not to build for that which builds for mankind,                   290
Not to balance ranks, complexions, creeds, and the sexes,
Not to justify science, nor the march of equality,
Nor to feed the arrogant blood of the brawn beloved of time.
I swear I am for those that have never been master'd!
For men and women whose tempers have never been master'd,
For those whom laws, theories, conventions, can never master.
I swear I am for those who walk abreast with the whole earth!
Who inaugurate one, to inaugurate all.
I swear I will not be outfaced by irrational things!
I will penetrate what it is in them that is sarcastic upon me!    300
I will make cities and civilizations defer to me!
This is what I have learnt from America--it is the amount--and it I
teach again.
(Democracy! while weapons were everywhere aim'd at your breast,
I saw you serenely give birth to immortal children--saw in dreams
your dilating form;
Saw you with spreading mantle covering the world.)
I will confront these shows of the day and night!
I will know if I am to be less than they!
I will see if I am not as majestic as they!
I will see if I am not as subtle and real as they!
I will see if I am to be less generous than they!                 310
I will see if I have no meaning, while the houses and ships have
meaning!
I will see if the fishes and birds are to be enough for themselves,
and I am not to be enough for myself.
I match my spirit against yours, you orbs, growths, mountains,
brutes,
Copious as you are, I absorb you all in myself, and become the master
myself.
America isolated, yet embodying all, what is it finally except
myself?
These States--what are they except myself?
I know now why the earth is gross, tantalizing, wicked--it is for my
sake,
I take you to be mine, you beautiful, terrible, rude forms.
(Mother! bend down, bend close to me your face!
I know not what these plots and wars, and deferments are for;     320
I know not fruition's success--but I know that through war and peace
your work goes on, and must yet go on.)
.... Thus, by blue Ontario's shore,
While the winds fann'd me, and the waves came trooping toward me,
I thrill'd with the Power's pulsations--and the charm of my theme was
upon me,
Till the tissues that held me, parted their ties upon me.
And I saw the free Souls of poets;
The loftiest bards of past ages strode before me,
Strange, large men, long unwaked, undisclosed, were disclosed to me.
O my rapt verse, my call--mock me not!
Not for the bards of the past--not to invoke them have I launch'd you
forth,                                                      330
Not to call even those lofty bards here by Ontario's shores,
Have I sung so capricious and loud, my savage song.
Bards for my own land, only, I invoke;
(For the war, the war is over--the field is clear'd,)
Till they strike up marches henceforth triumphant and onward,
To cheer, O mother, your boundless, expectant soul.
Bards grand as these days so grand!
Bards of the great Idea! Bards of the peaceful inventions! (for the
war, the war is over!)
Yet Bards of the latent armies--a million soldiers waiting, ever-
ready,
Bards towering like hills--(no more these dots, these pigmies, these
little piping straws, these gnats, that fill the hour, to pass
for poets;)                                                 340
Bards with songs as from burning coals, or the lightning's fork'd
stripes!
Ample Ohio's bards--bards for California! inland bards--bards of the
war;)
(As a wheel turns on its axle, so I find my chants turning finally on
the war;)
Bards of pride! Bards tallying the ocean's roar, and the swooping
eagle's scream!
You, by my charm, I invoke!Call me, when you are alone
You know your voice will make my day
You know how much I wait to hear your voice
You know how much I feel for you
You know you can shun my loneliness
You know I listen to you through my tears
You know my tears brings joy to me
You know my heart has grown big
You know your heart is pressed with me
You know I have so many wishes in my heart
You know I am sitting here and thinking how to start
You know I want to send my hugs to you
You know I love you forever in so many ways
call me again and again when you are loneDon’t leave me alone,
This dark cold night,
Don’t leave me alone,
In this freezing fright,
Don’t leave me alone,
With only myself,
My sanity a fickle friend,
Who’ll soon leave,
And take my peace,
A peace, which only you restore,
So don’t leave me alone,
In the dark cold night,
Don’t leave me alone,
With this freezing fright,
Don’t leave me alone,
With what I behold in my sight,
A life with out you,
And many a freezing night.I take my wine jug out among the flowers
to drink alone, without friends.
I raise my cup to entice the moon.
That, and my shadow, makes us three.
But the moon doesn't drink,
and my shadow silently follows.
I will travel with moon and shadow,
happy to the end of spring.
When I sing, the moon dances.
When I dance, my shadow dances, too.
We share life's joys when sober.
Drunk, each goes a separate way.
Constant friends, although we wander,
we'll meet again in the Milky Way.
Li T'ai-po
tr. HamilLike the lonely winter tree
Outstretched branches with never any leaves
Lonely skeletons, with lonely smiles
They look away while trying to hide
Their outstretched lonely eyesI've pulled the last of the year's young onions.
The garden is bare now.  The ground is cold,
brown and old.  What is left of the day flames
in the maples at the corner of my
eye.  I turn, a cardinal vanishes.
By the cellar door, I wash the onions,
then drink from the icy metal spigot.
Once, years back, I walked beside my father
among the windfall pears.  I can't recall
our words.  We may have strolled in silence.  But
I still see him bend that way-left hand braced
on knee, creaky-to lift and hold to my
eye a rotten pear.  In it, a hornet
spun crazily, glazed in slow, glistening juice.
It was my father I saw this morning
waving to me from the trees.  I almost
called to him, until I came close enough
to see the shovel, leaning where I had
left it, in the flickering, deep green shade.
White rice steaming, almost done.  Sweet green peas
fried in onions.  Shrimp braised in sesame
oil and garlic.  And my own loneliness.
What more could I, a young man, want.Euclid alone has looked on Beauty bare.
Let all who prate of Beauty hold their peace,
And lay them prone upon the earth and cease
To ponder on themselves, the while they stare
At nothing, intricately drawn nowhere
In shapes of shifting lineage; let geese
Gabble and hiss, but heroes seek release
From dusty bondage into luminous air.
O blinding hour, O holy, terrible day,
When first the shaft into his vision shone
Of light anatomized! Euclid alone
Has looked on Beauty bare. Fortunate they
Who, though once only and then but far away,
Have heard her massive sandal set on stone.Life is the cage
We are all born into
The zoo
Drives down the long
Snake in the rain,
Everyone sits alone
In the park
In the car
In the theatre
Everyone sits alone
And looks through bars
Of their flesh and bone
No eager hand
can grasp out of this
No willing hand has the
Reach,
We touch our flesh
To the flesh of our cages,
We lay down chained
And little birds sing
Beside others miles away
And barking
We touch steering wheels
As the lights cross our eyes
We learn to believe
The birth of shadows
We drive, a line of slaves,
Down the road
Everyone sits alone.ONE face alone, one face alone,
These eyes require;
But, when that long’d-for sight is shown,
What fatal fire
Shoots through my veins a keen and liquid flame,
That melts each fibre of my wasting frame!
One voice alone, one voice alone,
I pine to hear;
But, when its meek mellifluous tone
Usurps mine ear,
Those slavish chains about my soul are wound,
Which ne’er, till death itself, can be unbound.
One gentle hand, one gentle hand,
I fain would hold;
But, when it seems at my command,
My own grows cold;
Then low to earth I bend in sickly swoon,
Like lilies drooping ’mid the blaze of noon.The young maricones and the horny muchachas,
The big fat widows delirious from insomnia,
The young wives thirty hours' pregnant,
And the hoarse tomcats that cross my garden at night,
Like a collar of palpitating sexual oysters
Surround my solitary home,
Enemies of my soul,
Conspirators in pajamas
Who exchange deep kisses for passwords.
Radiant summer brings out the lovers
In melancholy regiments,
Fat and thin and happy and sad couples;
Under the elegant coconut palms, near the ocean and moon,
There is a continual life of pants and panties,
A hum from the fondling of silk stockings,
And women's breasts that glisten like eyes.
The salary man, after a while,
After the week's tedium, and the novels read in bed at night,
Has decisively fucked his neighbor,
And now takes her to the miserable movies,
Where the heroes are horses or passionate princes,
And he caresses her legs covered with sweet down
With his ardent and sweaty palms that smell like cigarettes.
The night of the hunter and the night of the husband
Come together like bed sheets and bury me,
And the hours after lunch, when the students and priests are masturbating,
And the animals mount each other openly,
And the bees smell of blood, and the flies buzz cholerically,
And cousins play strange games with cousins,
And doctors glower at the husband of the young patient,
And the early morning in which the professor, without a thought,
Pays his conjugal debt and eats breakfast,
And to top it all off, the adulterers, who love each other truly
On beds big and tall as ships:
So, eternally,
This twisted and breathing forest crushes me
With gigantic flowers like mouth and teeth
And black roots like fingernails and shoes.
Translated by Mike ToppHe stands alone now etched by time
As though was meant to be
His frame all bent and twisted
For all who pass to see
It wasn't always as it is
When children came around
To run and laugh and shriek with glee
He revelled in the sound
But age and weather took its toll
And disease had hit him hard
A surgeons cuts had saved his life
For which he didn't charge
And so he stands alone but proud
To survey what could be seen
The only oak for miles around
Upon the village green.There was darkness under Heaven
For an hour's space--
Darkness that we knew was given
Us for special grace.
Sun and noon and stars were hid,
God had left His Throne,
When Helen came to me, she did,
Helen all alone!
Side by side (because our fate
Damned us ere our birth)
We stole out of Limbo Gate
Looking for the Earth.
Hand in pulling hand amid
Fear no dreams have known,
Helen ran with me, she did,
Helen all alone!
When the Horror passing speech
Hunted us along,
Each laid hold on each, and each
Found the other strong.
In the teeth of Things forbid
And Reason overthrown,
Helen stood by me, she did,
Helen all alone!
When, at last, we heard those Fires
Dull and die away,
When, at last, our linked desires
Dragged us up to day;
When, at last, our souls were rid
Of what that Night had shown,
Helen passed from me, she did,
Helen all alone!
Let her go and find a mate,
As I will find a bride,
Knowing naught of Limbo Gate
Or Who are penned inside.
There is knowledge God forbid
More than one should own.
So Helen went from me, she did,
Oh, my soul, be glad she did!
Helen all alone!My family drove off mere hours ago
to visit Grandma on her birthday,
thus I am home and quite all alone.
First thing I undertook post-farewell
was doff my duds down to the undies,
hotter, t'was, than Homer Simpson's hell.
Ne'er may I dance to song as I please - -
tho' the spirit may often move me,
for my kin fling up arms, shriek and tease.
My feet like to dance, so, dance I did,
with the family van well out of view.
Sometimes you must blindly trust your id!
I danced like a fiend, singing along,
as graceful as Elaine on 'Seinfeld',
free as a bird both in movement and song...
Exhausted
at last,
I realized - -
a mite
too late
that
in my half-
sorrowful/
all-ecstatic
state
I'd undressed
while still
in front
of
the
house...
SOB (to say the least, eh?)
I fell dumbly to my knees,
clothes GONE from the grass!
Finding the door securely locked,
I spontaneously combusted into ash h h..........
Not really...
I'm hiding beneath
the deck until their
return in days three
using heretofore
unknown mental
powers to post this
poem on PH with glee!
So what - -
I'm
hungry.Oh, once I walked in Heaven, all alone
Upon the sacred cliffs above the sky.
God and the angels, and the gleaming saints
Had journeyed out into the stars to die.
They had gone forth to win far citizens,
Bought at great price, bring happiness for all:
By such a harvest make a holier town
And put new life within old Zion's wall.
Each chose a far-off planet for his home,
Speaking of love and mercy, truth and right,
Envied and cursed, thorn-crowned and scourged in time,
Each tasted death on his appointed night.
Then resurrection day from sphere to sphere
Sped on, with all the POWERS arisen again,
While with them came in clouds recruited hosts
Of sun-born strangers and of earth-born men.
And on that day gray prophet saints went down
And poured atoning blood upon the deep,
Till every warrior of old Hell flew free
And all the torture fires were laid asleep.
And Hell's lost company I saw return
Clear-eyed, with plumes of white, the demons bold
Climbed with the angels now on Jacob's stair,
And built a better Zion than the old.
And yet I walked alone on azure cliffs
A lifetime long, and loved each untrimmed vine:
The rotted harps, the swords of rusted gold,
The jungles of all Heaven then were mine.
Oh mesas and throne-mountains that I found!
Oh strange and shaking thoughts that touched me there,
Ere I beheld the bright returning wings
That came to spoil my secret, silent lair!I am much too alone in this world, yet not alone
enough
to truly consecrate the hour.
I am much too small in this world, yet not small
enough
to be to you just object and thing,
dark and smart.
I want my free will and want it accompanying
the path which leads to action;
and want during times that beg questions,
where something is up,
to be among those in the know,
or else be alone.
I want to mirror your image to its fullest perfection,
never be blind or too old
to uphold your weighty wavering reflection.
I want to unfold.
Nowhere I wish to stay crooked, bent;
for there I would be dishonest, untrue.
I want my conscience to be
true before you;
want to describe myself like a picture I observed
for a long time, one close up,
like a new word I learned and embraced,
like the everday jug,
like my mother's face,
like a ship that carried me along
through the deadliest storm.I was born a wild child
a navigators son
from the slums I took my chances
and was always on the run
fought my way with others like me
and society who blamed
my behaviour on my parents
and misfortune on my name
I bled for my existence
and stole to feed my need
I would put on many faces
to extrapolate my breed
to defend the others round me
and provide some hopeful care
to the familys with broken hearts
and dreams that went nowhere
In the darkness of a thousand scars
that tore away my flesh
my hands would reach into
the soul and bones of what I'm worth
and though the sun was shining
trying to brighten up the day
in the poverty of mouths to feed
the slums are always grey
In a history of violence
and the screams that no-one heard
in a mothers tears and fathers fears
I learned every word
and paraded with a vengeance
on the streets of cobblestones
that my heart was independant
and I didn't stand alone.Alone I set out on the road;
The flinty path is sparkling in the mist;
The night is still. The desert harks to God,
And star with star converses.
The vault is overwhelmed with solemn wonder
The earth in cobalt aura sleeps. . .
Why do I feel so pained and troubled?
What do I harbor: hope, regrets?
I see no hope in years to come,
Have no regrets for things gone by.
All that I seek is peace and freedom!
To lose myself and sleep!
But not the frozen slumber of the grave...
I'd like eternal sleep to leave
My life force dozing in my breast
Gently with my breath to rise and fall;
By night and day, my hearing would be soothed
By voices sweet, singing to me of love.
And over me, forever green,
A dark oak tree would bend and rustle.I tell you that I see her still
At the dark entrance of the hall.
One gas lamp burning near her shoulder
Shone also from her other side
Where hung the long inaccurate glass
Whose pictures were as troubled water.
An immense shadow had its hand
Between us on the floor, and seemed
To hump the knuckles nervously,
A giant crab readying to walk,
Or a blanket moving in its sleep.
You will remember, with a smile
Instructed by movies to reminisce,
How strict her corsets must have been,
How the huge arrangements of her hair
Would certainly betray the least
Impassionate displacement there.
It was no rig for dallying,
And maybe only marriage could
Derange that queenly scaffolding -
As when a great ship, coming home,
Coasts in the harbor, dropping sail
And loosing all the tackle that had laced
Her in the long lanes...
I know
We need not draw this figure out
But all that whalebone came for whales
And all the whales lived in the sea,
In calm beneath the troubled glass,
Until the needle drew their blood.
I see her standing in the hall,
Where the mirror's lashed to blood and foam,
And the black flukes of agony
Beat at the air till the light blows out.I THOUGHT I was not alone, walking here by the shore,
But the one I thought was with me, as now I walk by the shore,
As I lean and look through the glimmering light--that one has utterly
disappeared,
And those appear that perplex me.I walk alone amongst the crowd
My heart still bleeding, pounding loud
Through darkened streets, I walk alone
I have no one to call my own
I need someone to ease the pain
To stop these tears that fall like rain
Alone I walk
To myself I talk
My teers tear apart
My broken heart
Charles R. BruntyI woke alone,
ignorant of your absence.
I woke alone,
knowing what I can not have.
I will wake alone,
remembering what could have been.I cry
On a remote mountainside,
Tears impossible to hide
From the mysterious, compassionate
Eyes of God;
I spend so much time alone,
But maybe I’m not alone.In the beginning our Father was alone wanting company.
So to Himself said, 'I'll just create friends to suit my fancy.'
They will all be Holy angels having freedom of choice.
These Holy angels will be perfect in beauty having a voice.
All these angelic beings will have wings to fly away.
But I will set boundaries and limits where they are to stay.
They will also have eyes to see where to stop.
With ears to hear praises from the top.
By now the angels were given the sense of touch.
To the hierarchy in Heaven, was loved very much.
This sense of touch could be the feel of a wheel.
Boy what a deal.
And among other things could be pleasure,
With God's measure.
This pleasure with God's measure,
was their treasure.
All these spirits were given a mind.
To especially be kind.
Possessing abilities to voice their choice.
Think at a blink, even wink, not blind.
Hearing with ears even from behind.
The rank of the Cherubim was made of winged little girls and boys.
These Cherubs walked and talked with God who gave them toys.
The boys played with balls.
The girls played with dolls.
These Cherubs were happy, being content with all.
God was pleased with what He saw.
God gave all angels senses of smell and taste.
Instructing them they could lick in haste.
But never to taste paste or waste.
God gave angels given knowledge.
This sixth sense not taught in college.
The wisdom acquired,
Will be required.
If so desired.
So stay chaste.
For the chase.
Being eternally chased.
At this time there was no sin, which is vice.
Everything in Heavens chorus was joyous and nice.
Our Father is Perfect So He didn't have to think twice.
He made no mistakes that could not be corrected.
When creating He got exactly what He expected.
Through His Perfection is why God is always respected.
Every thing God created,
Never became outdated.
He could raise His finger,
To invent some timber.
Or blink an eye,
Creating the sky.
That Perfect magic Man could make something,
Simply out of nothing.
God created no two things exactly the same.
A female angel by nickname,
Was called a dame.
God could create showers,
For all the flowers.
What was left of the rain,
Ran down the drain.
After these showers.
The man took to the dame.
As a gift, these flowers.
For the main spirit game,
Was to win the dame.
Then your spirit life and her name.
Would never be the same.Come, my darling, come away,
Take a pretty walk to-day;
Run along, and never fear,
I'll take care of baby dear:
Up and down with little feet,
That's the way to walk, my sweet.
Now it is so very near,
Soon she'll get to mother dear.
There she comes along at last:
Here's my finger, hold it fast:
Now one pretty little kiss,
After such a walk as this.I’d like to awake
Without being woken
To just sit and think
With no word spoken
Allow me some time
To have on my own
When no one comes round
Or calls on the phone
I’d just like some space
Some privacy for me
I’d like to be left
With no company
To go to the bathroom
And not be disturbed
To put on my hairdryer
Without being heard
To lay in my bed
Minus the dogs
To cruise round the house
Without any tog’s
Let doors that I shut
Remain unopened
And none of my things
Be moved or broken
A special room
To call my own
A private place
To be alone
Lay back, relax
Chill out, just be
With no one else
Except for me.If God has been good enough to give you a poet
Then listen to him. But for God's sake let him alone until he is dead;
no prizes, no ceremony,
They kill the man. A poet is one who listens
To nature and his own heart; and if the noise of the world grows up
around him, and if he is tough enough,
He can shake off his enemies, but not his friends.
That is what withered Wordsworth and muffled Tennyson, and would have
killed Keats; that is what makes
Hemingway play the fool and Faulkner forget his art.826
Love reckons by itself—alone—
"As large as I"—relate the Sun
To One who never felt it blaze—
Itself is all the like it has—Love walked alone.
The rocks cut her tender feet,
And the brambles tore her fair limbs.
There came a companion to her,
But, alas, he was no help,
For his name was heart's pain. .It is yourself you seek
In a long rage,
Scanning through light and darkness
Mirrors, the page,
Where should reflected be
Those eyes and that thick hair,
That passionate look, that laughter.
You should appear
Within the book, or doubled,
Freed, in the silvered glass;
Into all other bodies
Yourself should pass.
The glass does not dissolve;
Like walls the mirrors stand;
The printed page gives back
Words by another hand.
And your infatuate eye
Meets not itself below;
Strangers lie in your arms
As I lie now.*inspired when I was doing slavery in class
-------
These chains that bind my body,
Shall not bind my mind,
The skin taken from my flesh,
Shall not blind my sight,
These tears they shall not spill,
Till wrongs and rights are justed,
The dirt upon the my knees,
Is not my souls one colour,
My body you may own,
My mind is mine alone,
My soul it nests in His hands,
My life is mine alone.My heart feels like an empty shell
Washed up from the sea
My mind feels like it's going mad
From trying to break free
And my tears seem like a thousand oceans
And they're drowning all the bliss
And my lips ache to be touched
By a true loves kiss
But I'm not aloneTo be with people
Not feel lonely
To be with oneself
Not feel aloneON the beach at night alone,
As the old mother sways her to and fro, singing her husky song,
As I watch the bright stars shining--I think a thought of the clef of
the universes, and of the future.
A VAST SIMILITUDE interlocks all,
All spheres, grown, ungrown, small, large, suns, moons, planets,
comets, asteroids,
All the substances of the same, and all that is spiritual upon the
same,
All distances of place, however wide,
All distances of time--all inanimate forms,
All Souls--all living bodies, though they be ever so different, or in
different worlds,
All gaseous, watery, vegetable, mineral processes--the fishes, the
brutes,                                                      10
All men and women--me also;
All nations, colors, barbarisms, civilizations, languages;
All identities that have existed, or may exist, on this globe, or any
globe;
All lives and deaths--all of the past, present, future;
This vast similitude spans them, and always has spann'd, and shall
forever span them, and compactly hold them, and enclose them.ROOTS and leaves themselves alone are these;
Scents brought to men and women from the wild woods, and from the
pond-side,
Breast-sorrel and pinks of love--fingers that wind around tighter
than vines,
Gushes from the throats of birds, hid in the foliage of trees, as the
sun is risen;
Breezes of land and love--breezes set from living shores out to you
on the living sea--to you, O sailors!
Frost-mellow'd berries, and Third-month twigs, offer'd fresh to young
persons wandering out in the fields when the winter breaks up,
Love-buds, put before you and within you, whoever you are,
Buds to be unfolded on the old terms;
If you bring the warmth of the sun to them, they will open, and bring
form, color, perfume, to you;
If you become the aliment and the wet, they will become flowers,
fruits, tall blanches and trees.                             10So alone in my bed
Alone listening to nightly whispers
Alone in my thoughts
Alone standing in court
Alone I stand and fight
Alone I pray for rainbow lights
Alone in the morning I awake
Alone I celebrate my joys
Alone I cry out my sadness
Alone I voice out my fears
Alone in strenght
Alone in wealth
Alone in good health
Alone I try to understand
Alone I seek knowledge
Alone I share what is mine
Alone I try not to be alone
Alone when my time has come, I pass awayWhilst I alone did call upon thy aid,
My verse alone had all thy gentle grace,
But now my gracious numbers are decayed,
And my sick Muse doth give an other place.
I grant, sweet love, thy lovely argument
Deserves the travail of a worthier pen,
Yet what of thee thy poet doth invent
He robs thee of, and pays it thee again.
He lends thee virtue, and he stole that word
From thy behaviour; beauty doth he give,
And found it in thy cheek; he can afford
No praise to thee, but what in thee doth live.
Then thank him not for that which he doth say,
Since what he owes thee, thou thyself dost pay.You not alone, when you are still alone,
O God, from you that I could private be.
Since you one were, I never since was one;
Since you in me, my self since out of me,
Transported from my self into your being;
Though either distant, present yet to either,
Senseless with too much joy, each other seeing,
And only absent when we are together.
Give me my self and take your self again,
Devise some means but how I may forsake you;
So much is mine that doth with you remain,
That, taking what is mine, with me I take you;
You do bewitch me; O, that I could fly
From my self you, or from your own self I.Sitting alone, Love bids me go and write;
Reason plucks back, commanding me to stay,
Boasting that she doth still direct the way,
Or else Love were unable to endite.
Love, growing angry, vexed at the spleen
And scorning Reason's maimed argument,
Straight taxeth Reason, wanting to invent,
Where she with Love conversing hath not been.
Reason, reproached with this coy disdain,
Despiteth Love, and laugheth at her folly;
And Love, condemning Reason's reason wholly,
Thought it in weight too light by many'a grain.
Reason, put back, doth out of sight remove,
And Love alone picks reason out of love.When I go alone at night to my
love-tryst, birds do not sing, the wind
does not stir, the houses on both sides
of the street stand silent.
It is my own anklets that grow loud
at every step and I am ashamed.
When I sit on my balcony and listen
for his footsteps, leaves do not rustle
on the trees, and the water is still in
the river like the sword on the knees
of a sentry fallen asleep.
It is my own heart that beats wildly
--I do not know how to quiet it.
When my love comes and sits by
my side, when my body trembles and
my eyelids droop, the night darkens,
the wind blows out the lamp, and the
clouds draw veils over the stars.
It is the jewel at my own breast
that shines and gives light. I do not
know how to hide it.Scarlet as the cloth draped over a sword,
white as steaming rice, blue as leschenaultia,
old curried towns, the frog in its green human skin;
a ploughman walking his furrow as if in irons, but
as at a whoop of young men running loose
in brick passages, there occurred the thought
like instant stitches all through crumpled silk:
as if he'd had to leap to catch the bullet.
A stench like hands out of the ground.
The willows had like beads in their hair, and
Peenemünde, grunted the dentist's drill, Peenemünde!
Fowls went on typing on every corn key, green
kept crowding the pinks of the peach trees into the sky
but used speech balloons were tacky in the river
and waterbirds had liftoff as at a repeal of gravity.There is no place or grace, for all the human race
The race of will, to race and kill
As anger fills and kills the thrill
That we hold near and dear, we cherished children fear
The wraith of God, the wraith of man
The wraith of future shines the plan
That we can maul it all, from front to back we saw
The answer here, the answer there
And never thought to question where
Did anger’s state of hate, combined collaborate
That one is right, and powering
Then one will fight for might to sing
The battle long of song, dividing right from wrong
The death of you, the death of me
The death of us for all to see
No one can own this bone, together we’re aloneWhen I am alone, I think about you
I think how much we are close to each other
even we are far distance
I think our love is in our hearts
I think the good time we've shared together
I think how important you are
I think to share my ideas with you
I think my last dance with you
I think of my last kiss to you
I think your love on me
I think about you everyday
and wanted to let you know
I remember you when I am aloneWhen I walk alone, I think of you my love
When I walk alone, I walk with broken heart
When I walk alone, I walk with sadness
When I walk alone, I walk with my silent tears
When I walk alone, I walk with my sorrow
When I walk alone, I walk with my sad memories
When I walk alone, I walk with my shattered dream
When I walk alone, I walk with my hands lifeless
Love never walk alone but you made me walk alone
You promised me that you will walk with me forever
but you made me walk alone with my tears forever
When the heaven stolen you from me yesterday
All your promises are gone with the wind
Today, You made me walk alone with out you my love
and I promise you, I will walk alone till my journey endsYou alone I love, you alone I worship. [Poem]
Until I die my breath will guard you,
And my memories after.
In my death none I like to weep for me,
If you shed a dropp of tear, I will sprout again from the mud.
To love you to guard you to serve you.
I am born to love you alone
And I will die for your love too.
In the world here after, I will love, love you alone.
What else shall I say when my love for you is full?
What shall I think but you  when you are the truth.
I will but love you, Let them stone at me.
You alone I love, you alone I worship.
I m made to sing your melodies, care not the world hear or not.
Until I die my breath will guard you,
And my memories after.
In my death none I like to weep for me,
If you shed a dropp of tear, I will sprout again from the mud.
To love you to guard you to serve you.Will a friend fly here
Among the gulls that glide and cry,
And erase all the mortification
Just to end this life's taxation?
Will a friend float here
Among the waves that rise and fall,
And break upon the rocks
To shatter lies that stand tall?
Will a friend walk here
Among the numerous passerbys
And fight for my rights
On all the days and nights?
Will a friend swim here
Among the sharks that create terror and fear
With strength and courage
Just to save my jagged life?
Or will I sit and sob
Among the winds that swirl and twirl
Only to unfurl
A life with beauty all around
But no human support to surround.
Does that mean all I can do is moan and groan
And nevertheless be on my own - ALL ALONE?
- (Written when in Std Xii)Waxing Bodies,
Waning Minds,
Dried up Souls,
Ha...America!China- section- eight as America!
China section eight is army home.
All committed are ill at houses to whom.
Views on ways are all as congress conga.
Leaders’ cons are all to make the crones.
Female sheep the herbs are sexes to eat.
Lucks at guesses are all for going at.
Sheep in males will drink the shower gold.
Shoulder come and bloods are both so cold.
Clouds to teach are Maoism giving girl.
Snows and winds are met but wrong with YMIR.
Lands of young have Maoism mad and old.
YOICKS my hounds will get the Maoism wolves.
---Cheung Shun Sang=Cauchy3---Freedom, equality and justice
Had been the most valuable treasures
Cherished in the American hearts
And were the basis of their politics.
Religion also played its vital role,
Well among the American people,
But more than the spiritual progress,
Material value occupied the first place.
The reason was, the tremendous
Progress in technology and science,
That increased their prospects
Besides their rich life styles.
To give America a religious flavor,
Efforts were made thereafter.
As in the Parliament of Religion,
A forum to study all religions.
This forum gave a chance
For every religion to place
Their best religious practices
Before the learned audience.
Vivekananda scored high marks
In this evaluation process
To the credit of the Hindus,
With his thundering lectures.
He kept America in high esteem
For having extended this forum
To all the world religions
In the name of Parliament of Religions.
This forum proved that the success
Of technology and science
Responsible for material prosperity,
Couldn’t destroy any spiritual activity.
The result was, a closer contact
Between the East and the West
On the material platform
As well as in the spiritual forum.
In the eyes of America
The prestige of India
Shot up by leaps and bounds
Only after Swamiji’s lectures.I.
ADIEU, New-England's smiling meads,
Adieu, the flow'ry plain:
I leave thine op'ning charms, O spring,
And tempt the roaring main.
II.
In vain for me the flow'rets rise,
And boast their gaudy pride,
While here beneath the northern skies
I mourn for health deny'd.
III.
Celestial maid of rosy hue,
O let me feel thy reign!
I languish till thy face I view,
Thy vanish'd joys regain.
IV.
Susanna mourns, nor can I bear
To see the crystal show'r,
Or mark the tender falling tear
At sad departure's hour;
V.
Not unregarding can I see
Her soul with grief opprest:
But let no sighs, no groans for me,
Steal from her pensive breast.
VI.
In vain the feather'd warblers sing,
In vain the garden blooms,
And on the bosom of the spring
Breathes out her sweet perfumes.
VII.
While for Britannia's distant shore
We sweep the liquid plain,
And with astonish'd eyes explore
The wide-extended main.
VIII.
Lo! Health appears! celestial dame!
Complacent and serene,
With Hebe's mantle o'er her Frame,
With soul-delighting mein.
IX.
To mark the vale where London lies
With misty vapours crown'd,
Which cloud Aurora's thousand dyes,
And veil her charms around.
X.
Why, Phoebus, moves thy car so slow?
So slow thy rising ray?
Give us the famous town to view,
Thou glorious king of day!
XI.
For thee, Britannia, I resign
New-England's smiling fields;
To view again her charms divine,
What joy the prospect yields!
XII.
But thou!  Temptation hence away,
With all thy fatal train,
Nor once seduce my soul away,
By thine enchanting strain.
XIII.
Thrice happy they, whose heav'nly shield
Secures their souls from harms,
And fell Temptation on the field
Of all its pow'r disarms!You have the grit and the guts, I know;
You are ready to answer blow for blow
You are virile, combative, stubborn, hard,
But your honor ends with your own back-yard;
Each man intent on his private goal,
You have no feeling for the whole;
What singly none would tolerate
You let unpunished hit the state,
Unmindful that each man must share
The stain he lets his country wear,
And (what no traveller ignores)
That her good name is often yours.
You are proud in the pride that feels its might;
From your imaginary height
Men of another race or hue
Are men of a lesser breed to you:
The neighbor at your southern gate
You treat with the scorn that has bred his hate.
To lend a spice to your disrespect
You call him the "greaser". But reflect!
The greaser has spat on you more than once;
He has handed you multiple affronts;
He has robbed you, banished you, burned and killed;
He has gone untrounced for the blood he spilled;
He has jeering used for his bootblack's rag
The stars and stripes of the gringo's flag;
And you, in the depths of your easy-chair --
What did you do, what did you care?
Did you find the season too cold and damp
To change the counter for the camp?
Were you frightened by fevers in Mexico?
I can't imagine, but this I know --
You are impassioned vastly more
By the news of the daily baseball score
Than to hear that a dozen countrymen
Have perished somewhere in Darien,
That greasers have taken their innocent lives
And robbed their holdings and raped their wives.
Not by rough tongues and ready fists
Can you hope to jilt in the modern lists.
The armies of a littler folk
Shall pass you under the victor's yoke,
Sobeit a nation that trains her sons
To ride their horses and point their guns --
Sobeit a people that comprehends
The limit where private pleasure ends
And where their public dues begin,
A people made strong by discipline
Who are willing to give -- what you've no mind to --
And understand -- what you are blind to --
The things that the individual
Must sacrifice for the good of all.
You have a leader who knows -- the man
Most fit to be called American,
A prophet that once in generations
Is given to point to erring nations
Brighter ideals toward which to press
And lead them out of the wilderness.
Will you turn your back on him once again?
Will you give the tiller once more to men
Who have made your country the laughing-stock
For the older peoples to scorn and mock,
Who would make you servile, despised, and weak,
A country that turns the other cheek,
Who care not how bravely your flag may float,
Who answer an insult with a note,
Whose way is the easy way in all,
And, seeing that polished arms appal
Their marrow of milk-fed pacifist,
Would tell you menace does not exist?
Are these, in the world's great parliament,
The men you would choose to represent
Your honor, your manhood, and your pride,
And the virtues your fathers dignified?
Oh, bury them deeper than the sea
In universal obloquy;
Forget the ground where they lie, or write
For epitaph: "Too proud to fight."
I have been too long from my country's shores
To reckon what state of mind is yours,
But as for myself I know right well
I would go through fire and shot and shell
And face new perils and make my bed
In new privations, if ROOSEVELT led;
But I have given my heart and hand
To serve, in serving another land,
Ideals kept bright that with you are dim;
Here men can thrill to their country's hymn,
For the passion that wells in the Marseillaise
Is the same that fires the French these days,
And, when the flag that they love goes by,
With swelling bosom and moistened eye
They can look, for they know that it floats there still
By the might of their hands and the strength of their will,
And through perils countless and trials unknown
Its honor each man has made his own.
They wanted the war no more than you,
But they saw how the certain menace grew,
And they gave two years of their youth or three
The more to insure their liberty
When the wrath of rifles and pennoned spears
Should roll like a flood on their wrecked frontiers.
They wanted the war no more than you,
But when the dreadful summons blew
And the time to settle the quarrel came
They sprang to their guns, each man was game;
And mark if they fight not to the last
For their hearths, their altars, and their past:
Yea, fight till their veins have been bled dry
For love of the country that WILL not die.
O friends, in your fortunate present ease
(Yet faced by the self-same facts as these),
If you would see how a race can soar
That has no love, but no fear, of war,
How each can turn from his private role
That all may act as a perfect whole,
How men can live up to the place they claim
And a nation, jealous of its good name,
Be true to its proud inheritance,
Oh, look over here and learn from FRANCE!LEANDER.
No more of Memphis and her mighty kings,
Or Alexandria, where the Ptolomies.
Taught golden commerce to unfurl her falls,
And bid fair science smile: No more of Greece
Where learning next her early visit paid,
And spread her glories to illume the world,
No more of Athens, where she flourished,
And saw her sons of mighty genius rise
Smooth flowing Plato, Socrates and him
Who with resistless eloquence reviv'd
The Spir't of Liberty, and shook the thrones
Of Macedon and Persia's haughty king.
No more of Rome enlighten'd by her beams,
Fresh kindling there the fire of eloquence,
And poesy divine; imperial Rome!
Whose wide dominion reach'd o'er half the globe;
Whose eagle flew o'er Ganges to the East,
And in the West far to the British isles.
No more of Britain, and her kings renown'd,
Edward's and Henry's thunderbolts of war;
Her chiefs victorious o'er the Gallic foe;
Illustrious senators, immortal bards,
And wise philosophers, of these no more.
A Theme more new, tho' not less noble claims
Our ev'ry thought on this auspicious day
The rising glory of this western world,
Where now the dawning light of science spreads
Her orient ray, and wakes the muse's song;
Where freedom holds her sacred standard high,
And commerce rolls her golden tides profuse
Of elegance and ev'ry joy of life.
ACASTO.
Since then Leander you attempt a strain
So new, so noble and so full of fame;
And since a friendly concourse centers here
America's own sons, begin O muse!
Now thro' the veil of ancient days review
The period fam'd when first Columbus touch'd
The shore so long unknown, thro' various toils,
Famine and death, the hero made his way,
Thro' oceans bestowing with eternal storms.
But why, thus hap'ly found, should we resume
The tale of Cortez, furious chief, ordain'd
With Indian blood to dye the sands, and choak
Fam'd Amazonia's stream with dead! Or why,
Once more revive the story old in fame,
Of Atabilipa by thirst of gold
Depriv'd of life: which not Peru's rich ore,
Nor Mexico's vast mines cou'd then redeem.
Better these northern realms deserve our song,
Discover'd by Britannia for her sons;
Undeluged with seas of Indian blood,
Which cruel Spain on southern regions spilt;
To gain by terrors what the gen'rous breast
Wins by fair treaty, conquers without blood.
EUGENIO.
High in renown th' intreprid hero stands,
From Europes shores advent'ring first to try
New seas, new oceans, unexplor'd by man.
Fam'd Cabot too may claim our noblest song,
Who from th' Atlantic surge descry'd these shores,
As on he coasted from the Mexic bay
To Acady and piny Labradore.
Nor less than him the muse would celebrate
Bold Hudson stemming to the pole, thro' seas
Vex'd with continual storms, thro' the cold strains,
Where Europe and America oppose
Their shores contiguous, and the northern sea
Confin'd, indignant, swells and roars between.
With these be number'd in the list of fame
Illustrious Raleigh, hapless in his fate:
Forgive me Raleigh, if an infant muse
Borrows thy name to grace her humble strain;
By many nobler are thy virtues sung;
Envy no more shall throw them in the shade;
They pour new lustre on Britannia's isle.
Thou too, advent'rous on th' Atlantic main,
Burst thro' its storms and fair Virginia hail'd.
The simple natives saw thy canvas flow,
And gaz'd aloof upon the shady shore:
For in her woods America contain'd,
From times remote, a savage race of men.
How shall we know their origin, how tell,
From whence or where the Indian tribes arose?
ACASTO.
And long has this defy'd the sages skill
T' investigate: Tradition seems to hide
The mighty secret from each mortal eye,
How first these various nations South and North
Possest these shores, or from what countries came.
Whether they sprang from some premoeval head
In their own lands, like Adam in the East;
Yet this the sacred oracles deny,
And reason too reclaims against the thought.
For when the gen'ral deluge drown'd the world,
Where could their tribes have found security?
Where find their fate but in the ghastly deep?
Unless, as others dream, some chosen few
High on the Andes 'scap'd the gen'ral death,
High on the Andes wrapt in endless snow,
Where winter in his wildest fury reigns.
But here Philosophers oppose the scheme,
The earth, say they, nor hills nor mountains knew
E'er yet the universal flood prevail'd:
But when the mighty waters rose aloft
Rous'd by the winds, they shook their solid case
And in convulsions tore the drowned world!
'Till by the winds assuag'd they quickly fell
And all their ragged bed exposed to view.
Perhaps far wand'ring towards the northren pole,
The straits of Zembla and the Frozen Zone,
And where the eastern Greenland almost joins
America's north point, the hardy tribes
Of banish'd Jews, Siberians, Tartars wild
Came over icy mountains, or on floats
First reach'd these coasts hid from the world beside.
And yet another argument more strange
Reserv'd for men of deeper thought and late
Presents itself to view: In Pelag's days,
So says the Hebrew seer's inspired pen,
This mighty mass of earth, this solid globe
Was cleft in twain--cleft east and west apart
While strait between the deep Atlantic roll'd.
And traces indisputable remain
Of this unhappy land now sunk and lost;
The islands rising in the eastern main
Are but small fragments of this continent,
Whose two extremities were Newfoudland
And St. Helena.--One far in the north
Where British seamen now with strange surprise
Behold the pole star glitt'ring o'er their heads;
The other in the southern tropic rears
Its head above the waves; Bermudas and
Canary isles, Britannia and th' Azores,
With fam'd Hibernia are but broken parts
Of some prodigious waste which once sustain'd
Armies by lands, where now but ships can range.
LEANDER.
Your sophistry Acasto makes me smile;
The roving mind of man delights to dwell
On hidden things, merely because they're hid;
He thinks his knowledge ne'er can reach too high
And boldly pierces nature's inmost haunts
But for uncertainties; your broken isles,
You northern Tartars, and your wand'ring Jews.
Hear what the voice of history proclaims.
The Carthaginians, e'er the Roman yoke
Broke their proud spirits and enslav'd them too,
For navigation were renown'd as much
As haughty Tyre with all her hundred fleets;
Full many: league their vent'rous seamen sail'd
Thro' strait Gibraltar down the western shore
Of Africa, and to Canary isles
By them call'd fortunate, so Flaccus sings,
Because eternal spring there crowns the fields,
And fruits delicious bloom throughout the year.
From voyaging here this inference I draw,
Perhaps some barque with all her num'rous crew
Caught by the eastern trade wind hurry'd on
Before th' steady blast to Brazil's shore,
New Amazonia and the coasts more south.
Here standing and unable to return,
For ever from their native skies estrang'd,
Doubtless they made the unknown land their own.
And in the course of many rolling years
A num'rous progeny from these arose,
And spread throughout the coasts; those whom we call
Brazilians, Mexicans, Peruvians rich,
Th' tribes of Chili, Paragon and those
Who till the shores of Amazon's long stream.
When first the pow'rs of Europe here attain'd
Vast empires, kingdoms, cities, palaces
And polish'd nations stock'd the fertile land.
Who has not heard of Cusco, Lima and
The town of Mexico; huge cities form'd
From Europe's architecture, e're the arms
Of haughty Spain disturb'd the peaceful soil.
EUGENIO.
Such disquisition leads the puzzled mind
From maze to maze by queries still perplex'd.
But this we know, if from the east they came
Where science first and revelation beam'd,
Long since they've lost all memory, all trace
Of this their origin: Tradition tells
Of some great forefather beyond the lakes
Oswego, Huron, Mechigan, Champlaine
Or by the stream of Amazon which rolls
Thro' many a clime; while others simply dream
That from the Andes or the mountains north,
Some hoary fabled ancestor came down
To people this their world.
LEANDER.
How fallen, Oh!
How much obscur'd is human nature here!
Shut from the light of science and of truth
They wander'd blindfold down the steep of time;
Dim superstition with her ghastly train
Of dæmons, spectres and forboding signs
Still urging them to horrid rites and forms
Of human sacrifice, to sooth the pow'rs
Malignant, and the dark infernal king.
Once on this spot perhaps a wigwam stood
With all its rude inhabitants, or round
Some mighty fire an hundred savage sons
Gambol'd by day, and filled the night with cries;
In what superior to the brutal race
That fled before them thro' the howling wilds,
Were all those num'rous tawny tribes which swarm'd
From Baffin's bay to Del Fuego south,
From California to the Oronoque.
Far from the reach of fame they liv'd unknown
In listless slumber and inglorious ease;
To them fair science never op'd her stores,
Nor sacred truth sublim'd the soul to God;
No fix'd abode their wand'ring genius knew;
No golden harvest crown'd the fertile glebe;
No city then adorn'd the rivers bank,
Nor rising turret overlook'd the stream.
ACASTO.
Now view the prospect chang'd; far off at sea
The mariner descry's our spacious towns
He hails the prospect of the land and views
A new, a fair a fertile world arise;
Onward from India's isles far east, to us
Now fair-ey'd commerce stretches her white sails,
Learning exalts her head, the graces smile
And peace establish'd after horrid war
Improves the splendor of these early times.
But come my friends and let us trace the steps
By which this recent happy world arose,
To this fair eminence of high renown
This height of wealth, of liberty and fame.
LEANDER.
Speak then Eugenio, for I've heard you tell
The pleasing hist'ry, and the cause that brought
The first advent'rers to these happy shores;
The glorious cause that urg'd our fathers first
To visit climes unknown and wilder woods
Than e'er Tartarian or Norwegian saw,
And with fair culture to adorn that soil
Which never knew th' industrious swain before.
EUGENIO.
All this long story to rehearse would tire,
Besides the sun toward the west retreats,
Nor can the noblest tale retard his speed,
Nor loftiest verse; not that which sung the fall
Of Troy divine and smooth Scamander's stream.
Yet hear a part.--By persecution wrong'd
And popish cruelty, our fathers came
From Europe's shores to find this blest abode,
Secure from tyranny and hateful man.
For this they left their country and their friends
And plough'd th' Atlantic wave in quest of peace;
And found new shores and sylvan settlements
Form'd by the care of each advent'rous chief,
Who, warm in liberty and freedom's cause,
Sought out uncultivated tracts and wilds,
And fram'd new plans of cities, governments
And spacious provinces: Why should I name
Thee Penn, the Solon of our western lands;
Sagacious legislator, whom the world
Admires tho' dead: an infant colony
Nurs'd by thy care, now rises o'er the rest
Like that tall Pyramid on Memphis' stand
O'er all the lesser piles, they also great.
Why should I name those heroes so well known
Who peopled all the rest from Canada
To Georgia's farthest coasts, West Florida
Or Apalachian mountains, yet what streams
Of blood were shed! What Indian hosts were slain
Before the days of peace were quite restor'd.
LEANDER.
Yes, while they overturn'd the soil untill'd,
And swept the forests from the shaded plain
'Midst dangers, foes and death, fierce Indian tribes
With deadly malice arm'd and black design,
Oft murder'd half the hapless colonies.
Encourag'd too by that inglorious race
False Gallia's sons, who once their arms display'd
At Quebec, Montreal and farthest coasts
Of Labrador and Esquimaux where now
The British standard awes the coward host.
Here those brave chiefs, who lavish of their blood
Fought in Britannia's cause, most nobly fell.
What Heart but mourns the untimely fate of Wolf,
Who dying conquer'd, or what breast but beats
To share a fate like his, and die like him?
ACASTO.
And he demands our lay who bravely fell
By Monangahela and the Ohio's stream;
By wiles o'ercome the hapless hero fell,
His soul too gen'rous, for that dastard crew
Who kill unseen and shun the face of day.
Ambush'd in wood, and swamp and thick grown hill,
The bellowing tribes brought on the savage war.
What could avail O Braddock then the flame,
The gen'rous flame which fir'd thy martial soul!
What could avail Britannia's warlike troops,
Choice spirits of her isle? What could avail
America's own sons? The skulking foe,
Hid in the forest lay and sought secure,
What could the brave Virginians do o'erpower'd
By such vast numbers and their leader dead?
'Midst fire and death they bore him from the field,
Where in his blood full many a hero lay.
'Twas there O Halkut! thou so nobly fell,
Thrice valiant Halkut early son of fame!
We still deplore a fate so immature,
Fair Albion mourns thy unsuccesful end,
And Caledonia sheds a tear for him
Who led the bravest of her sons to war.
EUGENIO.
But why alas commemorate the dead?
And pass those glorious heroes by, who yet
Breathe the same air and see the light with us?
The dead, Acasto are but empty names
And he who dy'd to day the same to us
As he who dy'd a thousand years ago.
A Johnson lives, among the sons of same
Well known, conspicuous as the morning star
Among the lesser lights: A patriot skill'd
In all the glorious arts of peace of war.
He for Britannia gains the savage race,
Unstable as the sea, wild as the winds,
Cruel as death, and treacherous as hell,
Whom none but he by kindness yet could win,
None by humanity could gain their souls,
Or bring from woods and subteranean dens
The skulking crew, before a Johnson rose,
Pitying their num'rous tribes: ah how unlike
The Cortez' and Acosta's, pride of Spain
Whom blood and murder only satisfy'd.
Behold their doleful regions overflow'd
With gore, and blacken'd with ten thousand deaths
From Mexico to Patagonia far,
Where howling winds sweep round the southern cape,
And other suns and other stars arise!
ACASTO.
Such is the curse Eugenio where the soul
Humane is wanting, but we boast no seats
Of cruelty like Spain's unfeeling sons.
The British Epithet is merciful:
And we the sons of Britain learn like them
To conquer and to spare; for coward souls
Seek their revenge but on a vanquish'd foe.
Gold, fatal gold was the assuring bait
To Spain's rapacious mind, hence rose the wars
From Chili to the Caribbean sea,
O'er Terra-Firma and La Plata wide.
Peru then sunk in ruins, great before
With pompous cities, monuments superb
Whose tops reach'd heav'n. But we more happy boast
No golden metals in our peaceful land,
No flaming diamond, precious emerald,
Or blushing saphire, ruby, chrysolite
Or jasper red; more noble riches flow
From agriculture and th' industrious swain,
Who tills the fertile vale or mountain's brow,
Content to lead a safe, a humble life
'Midst his own native hills; romantic scenes,
Such as the muse of Greece did feign so well,
Envying their lovely bow'rs to mortal race.
LEANDER.
Long has the rural life been justly fam'd;
And poets old their pleasing pictures drew
Of flow'ry meads, and groves and gliding streams.
Hence old Arcadia, woodnymphs, satyrs, fauns,
And hence Elysium, fancy'd heav'n below.
Fair agriculture, not unworthy kings,
Once exercis'd the royal hand, or those
Whose virtue rais'd them to the rank of gods.
See old Laertes in his shepherd weeds,
Far from his pompous throne and court august,
Digging the grateful soil, where peaceful blows
The west wind murm'ring thro' the aged trees
Loaded with apples red, sweet scented peach
And each luxurious fruit the world affords,
While o'er the fields the harmless oxen draw
Th' industrious plough. The Roman heroes too
Fabricius and Camillus lov'd a life
Of sweet simplicity and rustic joy;
And from the busy Forum hast'ning far,
'Midst woods and fields spent the remains of age.
How grateful to behold the harvests rise
And mighty crops adorn the golden plains?
Fair plenty smiles throughout, while lowing herds
Stalk o'er the grassy hill or level mead,
Or at some winding river slake their thirst.
Thus fares the rustic swain; and when the winds
Blow with a keener breath, and from the North
Pour all their tempests thro' a sunless sky,
Ice, sleet and rattling hail, secure he sits
In some thatch'd cottage fearless of the storm;
While on the hearth a fire still blazing high
Chears every mind, and nature fits serene
On ev'ry countenance, such the joys
And such the fate of those whom heav'n hath bless'd
With souls enamour'd of a country life.
EUGENIO.
Much wealth and pleasure agriculture brings;
Far in the woods she raises palaces,
Puisant states and crowded realms where late
A desart plain or frowning wilderness
Deform'd the view; or where with moving tents
The scatter'd nations seeking pasturage,
Wander'd from clime to clime incultivate;
Or where a race more savage yet than these,
In search of prey o'er hill and mountain rang'd,
Fierce as the tygers and the wolves they flew.
Thus lives th' Arabian and the Tartar wild
In woody wastes which never felt the plough;
But agriculture crowns our happy land,
And plants our colonies from north to south,
From Cape Breton far as the Mexic bay
From th' Eastern shores to Missisippi's stream.
Famine to us unknown, rich plenty reigns
And pours her blessings with a lavish hand.
LEANDER.
Nor less from golden commerce flow the streams
Of richest plenty on our smiling land.
Now fierce Bellona must'ring all her rage,
To other climes and other seas withdraws,
To rouse the Russian on the desp'rate Turk
There to conflict by Danube and the straits
Which join the Euxine to th' Egean Sea.
Britannia holds the empire of the waves,
And welcomes ev'ry bold adventurer
To view the wonders of old Ocean's reign.
Far to the east our fleets on traffic sail,
And to the west thro' boundless seas which not
Old Rome nor Tyre nor mightier Carthage knew.
Daughter of commerce, from the hoary deep
New-York emerging rears her lofty domes,
And hails from far her num'rous ships of trade,
Like shady forests rising on the waves.
From Europe's shores or from the Caribbees,
Homeward returning annually they bring
The richest produce of the various climes.
And Philadelphia mistress of our world,
The seat of arts, of science, and of fame
Derives her grandeur from the pow'r of trade.
Hail happy city where the muses stray,
Where deep philosophy convenes her sons
And opens all her secrets to their view!
Bids them ascend with Newton to the skies,
And trace the orbits of the rolling spheres,
Survey the glories of the universe,
Its suns and moons and ever blazing stars!
Hail city blest with liberty's fair beams,
And with the rays of mild religion blest!
ACASTO.
Nor these alone, America, thy sons
In the short circle of a hundred years
Have rais'd with toil along thy shady shores.
On lake and bay and navigable stream,
From Cape Breton to Pensacola south,
Unnumber'd towns and villages arise,
By commerce nurs'd these embrio marts of trade
May yet awake the envy and obscure
The noblest cities of the eastern world;
For commerce is the mighty reservoir
From whence all nations draw the streams of gain.
'Tis commerce joins dissever'd worlds in one,
Confines old Ocean to more narrow bounds;
Outbraves his storms and peoples half his world.
EUGENIO.
And from the earliest times advent'rous man
On foreign traffic stretch'd the nimble sail;
Or sent the slow pac'd caravan afar
O'er barren wastes, eternal sands where not
The blissful haunt of human form is seen
Nor tree not ev'n funeral cypress sad
Nor bubbling fountain. Thus arriv'd of old
Golconda's golden ore, and thus the wealth
Of Ophir to the wisest of mankind.
LEANDER.
Great is the praise of commerce, and the men
Deserve our praise who spread from shore to shore
The flowing fall; great are their dangers too;
Death ever present to the fearless eye
And ev'ry billow but a gaping grave;
Yet all these mighty feats to science owe
Their rise and glory.--Hail fair science! thou
Transplanted from the eastern climes dost bloom
In these fair regions, Greece and Rome no more
Detain the muses on Cithæron's brow,
Or old Olympus crown'd with waving woods;
Or Hæmus' top where once was heard the harp,
Sweet Orpheus' harp that ravish'd hell below
And pierc'd the soul of Orcus and his bride,
That hush'd to silence by the song divine
Thy melancholy waters, and the gales
O Hebrus! which o'er thy sad surface blow.
No more the maids round Alpheus' waters stray
Where he with Arethusas' stream doth mix,
Or where swift Tiber disembogues his waves
Into th' Italian sea so long unsung.
Hither they've wing'd their way, the last, the best
Of countries where the arts shall rise and grow
Luxuriant, graceful; and ev'n now we boast
A Franklin skill'd in deep philosophy,
A genius piercing as th' electric fire,
Bright as the light'nings flash explain'd so well
By him the rival of Britannia's sage.
This is a land of ev'ry joyous sound
Of liberty and life; sweet liberty!
Without whose aid the noblest genius fails,
And science irretrievably must die.
ACASTO.
This is a land where the more noble light
Of holy revelation beams, the star
Which rose from Judah lights our skies, we feel
Its influence as once did Palestine
And Gentile lands, where now the ruthless Turk
Wrapt up in darkness sleeps dull life away.
Here many holy messengers of peace
As burning lamps have given light to men.
To thee, O Whitefield! favourite of Heav'n,
The muse would pay the tribute of a tear.
Laid in the dust thy eloquence no more
Shall charm the list'ning soul, no more
Thy bold imagination paint the scenes
Of woe and horror in the shades below;
Or glory radiant in the fields above;
No more thy charity relieve the poor;
Let Georgia mourn, let all her orphans weep.
LEANDER.
Yet tho' we wish'd him longer from the skies,
And wept to see the ev'ning of his days,
He long'd himself to reach his final hope,
The crown of glory for the just prepar'd.
From life's high verge he hail'd th' eternal shore
And, freed at last from his confinement, rose
An infant seraph to the worlds on high.
EUGENIO.
For him we sound the melancholy lyre,
The lyre responsive to each distant sigh;
No grief like that which mourns departing souls
Of holy, just and venerable men,
Whom pitying Heav'n sends from their native skies
To light our way and bring us nearer God.
But come Leander since we know the past
And present glory of this empire wide,
What hinders to pervade with searching eye
The mystic scenes of dark futurity?
Say shall we ask what empires yet must rise
What kingdoms pow'rs and states where now are seen
But dreary wastes and awful solitude,
Where melancholy sits with eye forlorn
And hopes the day when Britain's sons shall spread
Dominion to the north and south and west
Far from th' Atlantic to Pacific shores?
A glorious theme, but how shall mortals dare
To pierce the mysteries of future days,
And scenes unravel only known to fate.
ACASTO.
This might we do if warm'd by that bright coal
Snatch'd from the altar of seraphic fire,
Which touch'd Isaiah's lips, or if the spirit
Of Jeremy and Amos, prophets old,
Should fire the breast; but yet I call the muse
And what we can will do. I see, I see
A thousand kingdoms rais'd, cities and men
Num'rous as sand upon the ocean shore;
Th' Ohio then shall glide by many a town
Of note: and where the Missisippi stream
By forests shaded now runs weeping on
Nations shall grow and states not less in fame
Than Greece and Rome of old: we too shall boast
Our Alexanders, Pompeys, heroes, kings
That in the womb of time yet dormant lye
Waiting the joyful hour for life and light.
O snatch us hence, ye muses! to those days
When, through the veil of dark antiquity,
Our sons shall hear of us as things remote,
That blossom'd in the morn of days, alas!
How could I weep that we were born so soon,
In the beginning of more happy times!
But yet perhaps our fame shall last unhurt.
The sons of science nobly scorn to die
Immortal virtue this denies, the muse
Forbids the men to slumber in the grave
Who well deserve the praise that virtue gives.
EUGENIO.
'Tis true no human eye can penetrate
The veil obscure, and in fair light disclos'd
Behold the scenes of dark futurity;
Yet if we reason from the course of things,
And downward trace the vestiges of time,
The mind prophetic grows and pierces far
Thro' ages yet unborn. We saw the states
And mighty empires of the East arise
In swift succession from the Assyrian
To Macedon and Rome; to Britain thence
Dominion drove her car, she stretch'd her reign
Oer many isles, wide seas, and peopled lands.
Now in the West a continent appears;
A newer world now opens to her view;
She hastens onward to th' Americ shores
And bids a scene of recent wonders rise.
New states new empires and a line of kings,
High rais'd in glory, cities, palaces
Fair domes on each long bay, sea, shore or stream
Circling the hills now rear their lofty heads.
Far in the Arctic skies a Petersburgh,
A Bergen, or Archangel lifts its spires
Glitt'ring with Ice, far in the West appears
A new Palmyra or an Ecbatan,
And sees the slow pac'd caravan return
O'er many a realm from the Pacific shore,
Where fleets shall then convey rich Persia's silks,
Arabia's perfumes, and spices rare
Of Philippine, Coelebe and Marian isles,
Or from the Acapulco coast our India then,
Laden with pearl and burning gems and gold.
Far in the South I see a Babylon,
As once by Tigris or Euphrates stream,
With blazing watch towr's and observatories
Rising to heav'n; from thence astronomers
With optic glass take nobler views of God
In golden suns and shining worlds display'd
Than the poor Chaldean with the naked eye.
A Niniveh where Oronoque descends
With waves discolour'd from the Andes high,
Winding himself around a hundred isles
Where golden buildings glitter o'er his tide.
To mighty nations shall the people grow
Which cultivate the banks of many a flood,
In chrystal currents poured from the hills
Apalachia nam'd, to lave the sands
Of Carolina, Georgia, and the plains
Stretch'd out from thence far to the burning Line,
St Johns or Clarendon or Albemarle.
And thou Patowmack navigable stream,
Rolling thy waters thro' Virginia's groves,
Shall vie with Thames, the Tiber or the Rhine,
For on thy banks I see an hundred towns
And the tall vessels wafted down thy tide.
Hoarse Niagara's stream now roaring on
Thro' woods and rocks and broken mountains torn,
In days remote far from their antient beds,
By some great monarch taught a better course,
Or cleared of cataracts shall flow beneath
Unnumbr'd boats and merchandize and men;
And from the coasts of piny Labradore,
A thousand navies crowd before the gale,
And spread their commerce to remotest lands,
Or bear their thunder round the conquered world.
LEANDER.
And here fair freedom shall forever reign.
I see a train, a glorious train appear,
Of Patriots plac'd in equal fame with those
Who nobly fell for Athens or for Rome.
The sons of Boston resolute and brave
The firm supporters of our injur'd rights,
Shall lose their splendours in the brighter beams
Of patriots fam'd and heroes yet unborn.
ACASTO.
'Tis but the morning of the world with us
And Science yet but sheds her orient rays.
I see the age the happy age roll on
Bright with the splendours of her mid-day beams,
I see a Homer and a Milton rise
In all the pomp and majesty of song,
Which gives immortal vigour to the deeds
Atchiev'd by Heroes in the fields of fame.
A second Pope, like that Arabian bird
Of which no age can boast but one, may yet
Awake the muse by Schuylkill's silent stream,
And bid new forests bloom along her tide.
And Susquehanna's rocky stream unsung,
In bright meanders winding round the hills,
Where first the mountain nymph sweet echo heard
The uncouth musick of my rural lay,
Shall yet remurmur to the magic sound
Of song heroic, when in future days
Some noble Hambden rises into fame.
LEANDER.
Or Roanoke's and James's limpid waves
The sound of musick murmurs in the gale;
Another Denham celebrates their flow,
In gliding numbers and harmonious lays.
EUGENIO.
Now in the bow'rs of Tuscororah hills,
As once on Pindus all the muses stray,
New Theban bards high soaring reach the skies
And swim along thro' azure deeps of air.
LEANDER.
From Alleghany in thick groves imbrown'd,
Sweet music breathing thro' the shades of night
Steals on my ear, they sing the origin
Of those fair lights which gild the firmament;
From whence the gale that murmurs in the pines;
Why flows the stream down from the mountains brow
And rolls the ocean lower than the land.
They sing the final destiny of things,
The great result of all our labours here,
The last day's glory, and the world renew'd.
Such are their themes for in these happier days
The bard enraptur'd scorns ignoble strains,
Fair science smiling and full truth revealed,
The world at peace, and all her tumults o'er,
The blissful prelude to Emanuel's reign.
EUGENIO.
And when a train of rolling years are past,
(So sang the exil'd seer in Patmos isle,)
A new Jerusalem sent down from heav'n
Shall grace our happy earth, perhaps this land,
Whose virgin bosom shall then receive, tho' late,
Myriads of saints with their almighty king,
To live and reign on earth a thousand years
Thence call'd Millennium. Paradise a new
Shall flourish, by no second Adam lost.
No dang'rous tree or deathful fruit shall grow,
No tempting serpent to allure the soul,
From native innocence; a Canaan here
Another Canaan shall excel the old
And from fairer Pisgah's top be seen,
No thistle here or briar or thorn shall spring
Earth's curse before: the lion and the lamb
In mutual friendship link'd shall browse the shrub,
And tim'rous deer with rabid tygers stray
O'er mead or lofty hill or grassy plain.
Another Jordan's stream shall glide along
And Siloah's brook in circling eddies flow,
Groves shall adorn their verdant banks, on which
The happy people free from second death
Shall find secure repose; no fierce disease
No fevers, slow consumption, direful plague
Death's ancient ministers, again renew
Perpetual war with man: Fair fruits shall bloom
Fair to the eye, sweet to the taste, if such
Divine inhabitants could need the taste
Of elemental food, amid the joys
Fit for a heav'nly nature. Music's charms
Shall swell the lofty soul and harmony
Triumphant reign; thro' ev'ry grove shall sound
The cymbal and the lyre, joys too divine
For fallen man to know. Such days the world
And such America thou first shall have
When ages yet to come have run their round
And future years of bliss alone remain.
ACASTO.
This is thy praise America thy pow'r
Thou best of climes by science visited
By freedom blest and richly stor'd with all
The luxuries of life. Hail happy land
The seat of empire the abode of kings,
The final stage where time shall introduce
Renowned characters, and glorious works
Of high invention and of wond'rous art,
Which not the ravages of time shall wake
Till he himself has run his long career;
Till all those glorious orbs of light on high
The rolling wonders that surround the ball,
Drop from their spheres extinguish'd and consum'd;
When final ruin with her fiery car
Rides o'er creation, and all nature's works
Are lost in chaos and the womb of night.'Tis the witching hour of night,
Orbed is the moon and bright,
And the stars they glisten, glisten,
Seeming with bright eyes to listen --
For what listen they?
For a song and for a charm,
See they glisten in alarm,
And the moon is waxing warm
To hear what I shall say.
Moon! keep wide thy golden ears --
Hearken, stars! and hearken, spheres! --
Hearken, thou eternal sky!
I sing an infant's lullaby,
A pretty lullaby.
Listen, listen, listen, listen,
Glisten, glisten, glisten, glisten,
And hear my lullaby!
Though the rushes that will make
Its cradle still are in the lake --
Though the linen that will be
Its swathe, is on the cotton tree --
Though the woollen that will keep
It warm, is on the silly sheep --
Listen, starlight, listen, listen,
Glisten, glisten, glisten, glisten,
And hear my lullaby!
Child, I see thee! Child, I've found thee
Midst of the quiet all around thee!
And thy mother sweet is nigh thee!
But a Poet evermore!
See, see, the lyre, the lyre,
In a flame of fire,
Upon the little cradle's top
Flaring, flaring, flaring,
Past the eyesight's bearing,
Awake it from its sleep,
And see if it can keep
Its eyes upon the blaze --
Amaze, amaze!
It stares, it stares, it stares,
It dares what no one dares!
It lifts its little hand into the flame
Unharm'd, and on the strings
Paddles a little tune, and sings,
With dumb endeavour sweetly --
Bard art thou completely!
Little child
O' th' western wild,
Bard art thou completely!
Sweetly with dumb endeavour,
A Poet now or never,
Little child
O' th' western wild,
A Poet now or never!I HEAR CRY'S FOR HELP
AND BOMBS EXPLODE,
BUT IM SO FAR AWAY FROM HOME,
AMERICA I STAND HERE ALONE,
FIGHTING FOR PEACE
BUT SO FAR AWAY FROM HOME,
AMERICA I STAND WITH A GUN IN MY HAND,
FIGHTING FOR FREEDOM
WITH OUT A PLAN,
AMERICA DO YOU REALLY NEED ANOTHER WAR,
IM JUST A SOLDIER THAT COULDNT TAKE NO MORE...
7/28/09America has traded in his Mercedes
For a beat up, General Motors car.
It has a fender and door of different colors.
It leaks water, burns oil and won’t go far.
America is standing at unemployment,
all morning, just to see the clerk.
Diligently, he pursues positions,
along with millions looking for work.
America is loading up a U-haul.
His wife and kids are moving to their aunt’s.
A sign in the yard says “For Sale - Bank Owned”.
When he bought it, he didn’t stand a chance.
America is standing at an off ramp,
wearing jeans he bought at Goodwill,
a cardboard sign saying “Help my Family”,
collecting dollars from passing automobiles.The shadowy Daughter of Urthona stood before red Orc,
When fourteen suns had faintly journey'd o'er his dark abode:
His food she brought in iron baskets, his drink in cups of iron:
Crown'd with a helmet and dark hair the nameless female stood;
A quiver with its burning stores, a bow like that of night,
When pestilence is shot from heaven: no other arms she need!
Invulnerable though naked, save where clouds roll round her loins
Their awful folds in the dark air: silent she stood as night;
For never from her iron tongue could voice or sound arise,
But dumb till that dread day when Orc assay'd his fierce embrace.
'Dark Virgin,' said the hairy youth, 'thy father stern, abhorr'd,
Rivets my tenfold chains while still on high my spirit soars;
Sometimes an Eagle screaming in the sky, sometimes a Lion
Stalking upon the mountains, and sometimes a Whale, I lash
The raging fathomless abyss; anon a Serpent folding
Around the pillars of Urthona, and round thy dark limbs
On the Canadian wilds I fold; feeble my spirit folds,
For chain'd beneath I rend these caverns: when thou bringest food
I howl my joy, and my red eyes seek to behold thy face--
In vain! these clouds roll to and fro, and hide thee from my sight.'
Silent as despairing love, and strong as jealousy,
The hairy shoulders rend the links; free are the wrists of fire;
Round the terrific loins he seiz'd the panting, struggling womb;
It joy'd: she put aside her clouds and smiled her first-born smile,
As when a black cloud shews its lightnings to the silent deep.
Soon as she saw the terrible boy, then burst the virgin cry:
'I know thee, I have found thee, and I will not let thee go:
Thou art the image of God who dwells in darkness of Africa,
And thou art fall'n to give me life in regions of dark death.
On my American plains I feel the struggling afflictions
Endur'd by roots that writhe their arms into the nether deep.
I see a Serpent in Canada who courts me to his love,
In Mexico an Eagle, and a Lion in Peru;
I see a Whale in the south-sea, drinking my soul away.
O what limb-rending pains I feel! thy fire and my frost
Mingle in howling pains, in furrows by thy lightnings rent.
This is eternal death, and this the torment long foretold.'I am a poet of the Hudson River and the heights above it,
the lights, the stars, and the bridges
I am also by self-appointment the laureate of the Atlantic
-of the peoples' hearts, crossing it
to new America.
I am burdened with the truck and chimera, hope,
acquired in the sweating sick-excited passage
in steerage, strange and estranged
Hence I must descry and describe the kingdom of emotion.
For I am a poet of the kindergarten (in the city)
and the cemetery (in the city)
And rapture and ragtime and also the secret city in the
heart and mind
This is the song of the natural city self in the 20th century.
It is true but only partly true that a city is a "tyranny of
numbers"
(This is the chant of the urban metropolitan and
metaphysical self
After the first two World Wars of the 20th century)
--- This is the city self, looking from window to lighted
window
When the squares and checks of faintly yellow light
Shine at night, upon a huge dim board and slab-like tombs,
Hiding many lives. It is the city consciousness
Which sees and says: more: more and more: always more.Sing out! sing out! America,
''Sweet land of liberty;
Tell how we chased the red man
''From sea to shining sea''.
Be proud, stand tall America,
''Home of the free and brave'';
Ignore that angry black man,
Ancestored from a slave.
Sing out! ''This land is your land,
It was made for you and me'',
While toiling tenant farmers
Reside in poverty.
And sing about our many wars,
With them we must abide;
But tell the loyal citizens,
God was always on their side.
Corruption and intolerance
Defies our rule of law.
''America! America!
''God mend thine every flaw''.In days of long ago,
how did Europeans enter America?
I read the history and now I know.
They arrived at Ellis Island
at the mouth of the Hudson River
often on a sunny day, but sometimes
they would shiver.
The Island was given a second name...
'Isle of Tears' as when immigrants
failed the acceptance test, they
cried away their fears.  But millions
of hopefuls were invited to set foot
in America, to live out their dreams
and fantasies forever and a day,
thankful for the gift which brought
success their way.
Beginning of the eighteenth century
Britain's Samuel Ellis gave his name
bringing more interest and immigrants
to an Island of prosperity and fame.
Mothers and fathers came with children,
I mention just a few... Irving Berlin,
Claudette Colbert, Sam Goldwyn,
Bob Hope, Al Johnson ~ and many more,
finding success through Ellis Island door.
Note: The Ellis Island is not used now,
having been declared a Natonal Historic
Site in 1965 by Johnson.America, Europe and Asia are continents;
The first two interfere devastatingly in the third one's affairs;
Historical accidents helped
Traders turning to colonizers by interfering with Machiavellian tactics
In the local political matters of Asian nations
And settling as ‘rulers'
Being helped by egoistic and inefficient native rulers, gun powder and canons;
Europe waged two world wars
Drawing every nation into the conflicts and destruction;
America dominated world scene after II world war
Cold war divided Europe and the world into two camps, capitalist and communist;
Non-aligned nations were dubbed as developing or underdeveloped
Were laughed at for their sense of independence;
Heroes, heroines and villains are made
Depending on whether you are for CIA or for KGB,
Whole globe was converted into espionage see-saw;
Europe  and America
Facilitated the division of India, China, Korea, Vietnam, Yemen
Using religion and ideology as sharp knives,
Finally Israel was hoisted on Palestine;
The fires thus started are still claiming many  lives
Depriving the concerned nations of peace and well-being;
America and Europe practice and ‘preach' democracy;
On the other hand
Do not hesitate to side dictators to suit foreign policy and diplomacy;
The same dictator of Mesopotamia, pampered, cultivated and encouraged
To wage war with his neighboring nation in the eighties
Suddenly becomes accumulator of weapons of mass destruction;
False reports would be created and he would be hounded and executed
Under the pretext of war on terror and also to protect and install democracy there,
The real interest being to have free access to vast oil reserves available there;
Taliban is created with an ally to fight communists now becomes
Terrorists and are fought with the ‘help' of same ally against ‘terror';
Billions and billions of dollars are being spent to fight and eliminate their own creations
What a fine diplomacy and colossal waste of  money? !
America and Europe allowed terrorist organizations against Asian nations
To flourish on their soils as ‘freedom movements'
And gave asylum to many such in the name of protecting human rights
And allowed to collect funds for their ‘causes';
But 9/11 and 7/7 changed all that pampering and perception of ‘freedom movements',
And ‘liberal' attitude towards terrorists turned into fight against terrorism;
Rudely awakened the richest country
And its closest ally, the most successful colonizer and alter ego,
To the realities of terrorist attacks and terrorism;
Immediately wars in Afghanistan and Iraq are started to save America and Europe
From Osama bin laden and the Al-Qaeda
Despite their bitter experiences in Vietnam and Palestine;
Might be lives of citizens of ‘rich' nations are dearer and more valuable;
Hundreds of Asians have been getting killed daily and casualties to the redeemers too are mounting
Advocates of free society got caught in quagmire of their own creation;
Champions of human rights allowed rendition flights to land and refuel in their airports
Ran torture chambers in Guantanamo Bay;
If drones kill Taliban and innocent citizens daily, it is war on terror,
If an Asian air force bombs its terrorists
It is violation of human rights;
These very developed and civilized nations frisk travelers to their country based on their name,
Arrest and keep in detention without trial under draconian laws specially enacted,
Arrogantly complain that Asian countries are discriminating against their minority
And dub them as poor in maintaining human rights record;
Desire to be global instructor, human-rights' watcher, world police etc., can be understood
But the headmaster mentality of these two continents treating rest of the world
As their students is too much;
It is high time the 'rich' nations sign Kyoto protocol
And Europe does not put sanctions on free world trade
To protect the interests of nations of European Union;
Let the consumerist culture which plunged the world into worst
Economical disaster and depression not be spread;
Let the Asian nations maintain themselves based on their respective cultures and civilizations;
Nations where civilizations ancient flourished
When America and Europe were uninhabited wild forests,
Need not be instructed by starters of world wars
And droppers of atomic bombs;
Let charity begin at home;
Hurricane Katrina rehabilitation and Health Care Insurance imbroglio
Teen-age abortions and disturbed family relations
Tells the world about their abilities to take care of their citizens;
Let us all live in peace as equals;
Let the head masters leave the ‘pupils' to mend and manage themselves
Where their ancient civilizations are still alive
And can guide the world as a whole towards peace and prosperity in the real sense'Tis fine to see the Old World and travel up and down
Among the famous palaces and cities of renown,
To admire the crumblyh castles and the statues and kings
But now I think I've had enough of antiquated things.
So it's home again, and home again, America for me!
My heart is turning home again and there I long to be,
In the land of youth and freedom, beyond the ocean bars,
Where the air is full of sunlight and the flag is full of stars.
Oh, London is a man's town, there's power in the air;
And Paris is a woman's town, with flowers in her hair;
And it's sweet to dream in Venice, and it's great to study Rome;
But when it comes to living there is no place like home.
I like the German fir-woods in green battalions drilled;
I like the gardens of Versailles with flashing foutains filled;
But, oh, to take your had, my dear, and ramble for a day
In the friendly western woodland where Nature has her sway!
I know that Europe's wonderful, yet something seems to lack!
The Past is too much with her, and the people looking back.
But the glory of the Present is to make the Future free--
We love our land for what she is and what she is to be.
Oh, it's home again, and home again, America for me!
I want a ship that's westward bound to plough the rolling sea,
To the blessed Land of Room Enough, beyond the ocean bars,
Where the air is full of sunlight and the flag is full of stars.(America Conquers Europe.)
Foul shapes that hate the day, again grown bold,
Late driven hence, infested fane and court.
The laurels of our victory were amort.
Vile King-craft with his breed of blood and gold
Took heart to see the ancient wrongs infold
Our life, and childish figments which disport
I' that pale light whose essence mayn't support
Realities, in Freedom's hall to hold
Sick carnival did troop. But at the height
Of that debauch, while yet could be erased
The smut and spittle from the sacred chart,
Written in blood --a man whose soul gave light
Intolerable to kings, their power abased,
As he subdued the empire of the heart.(Europe Conquers America.)
Strong for the strong and in his own conceit;
Half-boy, half-madman, playing with the fire;
Usurper, hoodlum, wed to his desire;
Loud in the hunt--afraid albeit to beat
The wolves which reared him--always with swift feet,
Booted and spurred to huddle in the mire
The malcontents, though Freedom die--no higher
Launching his truncheon; only to the street
Thundering at millionaires; unlearned, though read,
In human agony--surrendered up
To glory, war--of empty pomp the chief--
Europa, thou hast conquered! with bowed head
For Freedom slain (who prayed might pass the cup)
We pray, in faith, thy triumph may be brief!America is America the land of the free, born in
the hope of a new world created, amongst men
who believed the vision of liberty and a freedom
to live in this glorious world
as inspired by valued people, created by its natural
landscaping, bounded by principles that to live in
harmony with nature has come to witness the wisdom
of our dear forefather the dignity of each man, living
in a time of what has been bless by the Almighty Father
perfected by His creation
as the spring birth the summer breeze, and the night
comes after the day, the morning has bless the loving
people of America, where respect and understanding
welcome all nation to shelter, the cheddar of Lebanon
Oh! America, where every hope comes in the most
expected ways, come swift it away for the day has given
to you to stay, Nay! America leaves us with pain, our
hearts echo it joy to renew the eternity bell, where you
always there to lend your hand, Alas! America, your
the answer of our call, the unity that we almost fall, the
clings of every nation souls to live freely as everybody
wants to be free
America is America, the journey that always there, the
step that make us well and the nation that takes you there
Viva America!In the Rotations
of the Universe
periodically,
the Destiny Dial clicks
to that space
called Community.
Then all the world
celebrates
and weeps-
tears
which sparkle
and reflect
each hope,
each dream;
when we all plant
our Heart Flower Seeds
in the garden
hoping for the Future
which heals.
Not Miracles
but Peace,
not Riches;
but Shared Prosperity;
not no fear
but lessened anxiety.
America is an Ideal.
Every once in a while
She produces that hand
which re-lights the torch
of Lady Liberty
near extinguished by extremity;
a new hand which reaches out
to millions of other hands
which reach back
affirming the simple
retort:
Yes We Can.
Sing now
as others have sung
for phase, line and meter
bring back the music.
only America can sing,
of an era
which maybe,
just maybe
will crack that shut door,
where Hope's light will
shine through
upon child faces
where the children glimpse
new possibilities;
where new shinings
illuminate each child-face
bless each
and their progeny;
all bathed now in that precious prospect
where there is respect
for lives human and non-human.
Where peace is not extinguished
by flesh-mauling war machines.
American is an idea
that won't die;
an experiment
amid swarms of tyrannies;
where sometimes
the Universal Clock Pointer
swings round
to that wondrous space
we call
Liberty;
and Peace;
All this
signaled potentially
by a goat herder's son
who had that same dream.
Democracy is that system
best preserved
because no one knows
where Potential
emanates from;
or lessons that can be learned
from a goats herders son
and that Kansas wife
who had a different dream.America Is In Intensive Care…….,
It’s just clinging to life……,
And its chances are slim and rare……,
Of coming out of the evil in there…..,
Looks like it might wind down……,
To that ‘two thousand twelve year’…….,
The year so many psychics have predicted……..,
And we all gravely fear……,
Still I doubt they’ll be a chance for more……,
The Mayans warned of this doomsday…….,
Thousands of years before…….,
Along with Nostradamus and the Bible
And though it may be a stretch……..,
Don’t forget the Pulitzer Prize winning, Al Gore……! ! !
So where do you think you’ll be……,
When this final devastating event….., i
Signals the absolute end……,
Of America, our planet and all humankind……,
As we know it, at the time….? ? ?
For it’s been warned that death and destruction……,
Will be the only remains on the Earth…….,
Distant alien civilizations may eventually find …! ! !
Kind of scary, isn’t it…..? ? ?
(I’m actually too optimistic to believe this or let it worry me……! ! !)America is red, white, and blue,
the colors that stand so brave, and true.
Men in battle facing death,
Men in the world provoking crime, and theft.
America stand up on your feet,
Hold proudly out the flag, tenderly, and sweet.
America is home of the true,
Of people at peace like me, and you.
Red is for the blood in battle we do shed, white is for the peace we all share,
But sometimes we seldom even care.
Blue is for the sky where our fathers have gone, and stayed,
Watching us as we fight for peace both night, and day.As I looked out the window
birds soar across the sky,
O how I envy their freedom,
their realm ever so high.
I remembered America's liberty,
and how this country began,
when settlers came and started
a new life with their clan.
And now, so many many years later,
this world a dark place.
But America is still shining,
with all it has to face.America lives,
For you and for me,
With all she can give,
On land and on sea.
She has a grand flag of red white and blue,
She has her storms her droughts and her showers
She isn’t very old, in fact she’s quite new,
She’s even one of the world great powers.
We have been in many wars, yes so many,
Yet all through this America thrives,
Then in the end, we can give not a penny,
Yet we fight on and give up our lives.
Our lives that we love so dear, we give,
Just so that our great country,
America,
Can, and does live.It's great to live in a country big and strong
It doesn't matter if you are young or old
Our thoughts are as good as gold
Where we go on land or sea
We can always be happy and free
Free to express our thoughts and then
Even express them over again
To different people no matter what color or race
In America for them there is always a place
To make a home
For their families to roam
The fields; the woods.
The countryside
Especially the young man and his bride
For seniors and teens
In formals or jeans
Who ever it may be
Remember we can always be free
Just like a bird chirping, singing happily.
Like chipmunks in the wood
Calling to his mate and being good.
Good to his family
And Grandpa talking to his Emily
Pondering over ideas and thoughts galore
And, off to bed and listen to him snore
Taken up in the morning early light
Whenever it is nice and bright
In America where we are always free
Where in New York Harbor stands the Statue of Liberty
Her hand raised high toward the sky
Where our planes in freedom fly
Where all of us want to be
America for you and me
Liberty and freedom will never end
I'll get down on both my knees and bend
To thank God I am an American
In a country great and grand
Who wants to be anywhere else
Except in America where we can do so much expand
America will always be my land.wonderful land that makes
us one
fantastic place where
everyone chases
glorious as it is, a home
where everybody belongs
you have been the pot
of the potter hat
a dream that every race
has raised
alluring to the autumn spring,
where winter awaits the
crystal clear of summer
a beauty that my heart gives
the start of my journey's part
amusing, my soul rejoices
the scenery that offers me fall
let my life make the same
a moment where i remain
stand still,
dear America you await
me, till i meet
freedom that you give
life as we live, thing has
to believe, nation has to
live
cherish AmericaAlthough she feeds me bread of bitterness,
And sinks into my throat her tiger's tooth,
Stealing my breath of life, I will confess
I love this cultured hell that tests my youth!
Her vigor flows like tides into my blood,
Giving me strength erect against her hate.
Her bigness sweeps my being like a flood.
Yet as a rebel fronts a king in state,
I stand within her walls with not a shred
Of terror, malice, not a word of jeer.
Darkly I gaze into the days ahead,
And see her might and granite wonders there,
Beneath the touch of Time's unerring hand,
Like priceless treasures sinking in the sand.Glorious daughter of time! Thou of the mild blue eye --
Thou of the virginal forehead --pallid, unfurrowed of tears--
Thou of the strong white hands with fingers dipped in the dye
Of the blood that quickened the fathers of thee, in the ancient years,
Leave thou the path of the beasts. Return thou again to the hills,
Forsake thou the deserts of death, where ever the burning thirst,
Flames in the throat for blood, for the vile desire that kills,
Where the treacherous sands by the rebel cerastes are cursed,
And the wastes are strewn with the bones of folly and hate.
Return! where the sunlight gladdens the places of green,
Where the stars comes forth, the heralds of faith and fate,
And the winds of eternity breathe from a day unseen.
Thou! what hast thou to do with a time burnt out and done?
With the old Serbonian bog-- the marshes where nations were lost?
Where wailings are heard of the dead, of the slaughtered Roman and Hun,
And phosphorent lights arise in the hands of a stricken ghost,
Dreaming of splendors of battle that glanced from a million shields,
When the C¾sars pillaged for lust of gold and hunger of power;
And the giants of Gothland festered and stank on the stretching fields,
And the gods of the living were cursed, too weak to reveal the hour,
When they should triumph and others should writhe in a dread defeat,
In the day of thy grace, O fair and false to thy fathers and time,
O thou whom the snares of kings already encompass thy feet,
With thy singing robes besprent with the old Egyptian slime.
But thou hast harkened to guile, to the cunning words of shame,
To the tempter with pieces of gold and the praise of the drunken throng.
Scornfully push from their hands the crown of a common fame,
Not made for thy peaceful brows, for thou wert not born for wrong.
Thou art the fruit of the groaning cycles of hope and love,
Told of by maddened prophets who never beheld thy face,
Who drew from the teeming earth and the fetterless sky above,
That man was made to be free, and to stamp under foot the mace.
How should thy innocent eyes ever leer with a reddened look?
Or thy hair be scented save of the measureless sea?
Or thy feet know the ways of deceit, wrote out in the murderous book,
By monarchs who shrank from the scourging and doom of thy strength and thee?
Beloved of time and of fate, cherished of justice and truth,
Yet thou art free to do, to choose the ill and to die;
To squander thy beauty for hire, to waste thy eternal youth --
For thou art eternal, if thou heedst them not, but pass by,
Pass and return to the mountains of freedom and peace,
Where heavenward flame the fires, where the torches may be relumed,
To girdle the world with the light that was kindled in olden Greece;
Or that the sparks may be scattered wherever injustice has doomed,
Darkness to be the portion of those who famish for light.
Be thou the great rock's shadow cast in a weary land,
Be thou a star of guidance true in a wintry night,
Be thou thyself, and thyself alone, as heaven hath planned.Once in English they said America. Was it English to them.
Once they said Belgian.
We like a fog.
Do you for weather.
Are we brave.
Are we true.
Have we the national colour.
Can we stand ditches.
Can we mean well.
Do we talk together.
Have we red cross.
A great many people speak of feet.
And socks.America, oh sweet home of mine
Glories beaconing fine
My heart longs for you
Your path way i dream to pass thru.
America, this dwelling of bountiful opportunities
Other lands merging for your treaties.
Beauty of all sought lies in your calling terrain
Eyes for glory can never look in vain.
America, these victors at battle field
All from God, you obey and yield.
you traces and fight the test of time,
And glance at echoes of time.
America, i accomodate you in my vacuum remaining
No way for others complaining.
Now, my muse waxing lyrica
All for you America* I am not racist at all**This is how i feel about america**No disrespect to no body*
They call me second class
put chains on me mentally
America has treated me
like a slave
can't even LOVE her cause
she is WHITE
they hate OUR president
because he is BLACK
my own race is like crab in a barrel
mentally
when one of us gets a taste of success
the others get jelous envy and pull
the successful crab down
so it can never leave
America has put this image
that girls gotta be skinny to love
size two to be sexy
got these girls hating themselves
for who they are
America has also made
my race look dumb, ignorant, gangsta, never going to make it and down us
BUT LOOK we got
a black president and they dogging him
White boys wanna be down with bangers
be black now
America has raped us
of our rights
The white male has seprated my race
putting us in catergories house n field slaves
America robbed us blind
I just simply wanna be happy with
this girl
but America isnt going to
because they are cold
closed minded and in my opinion
scaredI love thine inland seas,
Thy groves of giant trees,
Thy rolling plains;
Thy rivers' mighty sweep,
Thy mystic canyons deep,
Thy mountains wild and steep,
All thy domains;
Thy silver Eastern strands,
Thy Golden Gate that stands
Wide to the West;
Thy flowery Southland fair,
Thy sweet and crystal air, --
O land beyond compare,
Thee I love best!
Additional verses for the
National Hymn,
March, 1906.I
Where the wings of a sunny Dome expand
I saw a Banner in gladsome air-
Starry, like Berenice's Hair-
Afloat in broadened bravery there;
With undulating long-drawn flow,
As rolled Brazilian billows go
Voluminously o'er the Line.
The Land reposed in peace below;
The children in their glee
Were folded to the exulting heart
Of young Maternity.
II
Later, and it streamed in fight
When tempest mingled with the fray,
And over the spear-point of the shaft
I saw the ambiguous lightning play.
Valor with Valor strove, and died:
Fierce was Despair, and cruel was Pride;
And the lorn Mother speechless stood,
Pale at the fury of her brood.
III
Yet later, and the silk did wind
Her fair cold for;
Little availed the shining shroud,
Though ruddy in hue, to cheer or warm
A watcher looked upon her low, and said-
She sleeps, but sleeps, she is not dead.
But in that sleep contortion showed
The terror of the vision there-
A silent vision unavowed,
Revealing earth's foundation bare,
And Gorgon in her hidden place.
It was a thing of fear to see
So foul a dream upon so fair a face,
And the dreamer lying in that starry shroud.
IV
But from the trance she sudden broke-
The trance, or death into promoted life;
At her feet a shivered yoke,
And in her aspect turned to heaven
No trace of passion or of strife-
A clear calm look. It spake of pain,
But such as purifies from stain-
Sharp pangs that never come again-
And triumph repressed by knowledge meet,
Power delicate, and hope grown wise,
And youth matured for age's seat-
Law on her brow and empire in her eyes.
So she, with graver air and lifted flag;
While the shadow, chased by light,
Fled along the far-brawn height,
And left her on the crag.America! God gave you broadful landings
Designated mountains, valleys, tropics.
With measures of shady green pastures
To keep the Promised Land, Showing. America! God gave you beautiful children
Different races, ethnicities, cultures.
With mixtures of created colors
To keep the Melting Pot, pouring. America! God gave you bountiful harvests
Delicate barley, whole wheat, grain.
With multiple rows of healthy sheaves
To keep the Milk and Honey, Flowing. America! God gave you blessedful knowledge
Diligent progress in technology.
With marketings of highest risings
To keep the American Dream, Growing. America! God made you the glory of all lands
Which HE searched out in pleasure.
Filled with insight into things unseen
To keep the Crown of Life, Glowing.America the beautiful,
America the great,
America suits us all,
America I cannot hate
America we've come so far,
America the free,
If we wish upon a star,
Then that wish shall beAmerica, you ode for reality!
Give back the people you took.
Let the sun shine again
on the four corners of the world
you thought of first but do not
own, or keep like a convenience.
People are your own word, you
invented that locus and term.
Here, you said and say, is
where we are. Give back
what we are, these people you made,
us, and nowhere but you to be.NOR force nor fraud shall sunder us! O ye
Who north or south, on east or western land,
Native to noble sounds, say truth for truth,
Freedom for freedom, love for love, and God
For God; O ye who in eternal youth
Speak with a living and creative flood
This universal English, and do stand
Its breathing book; live worthy of that grand
Heroic utterance—parted, yet a whole,
Far yet unsever’d,—children brave and free
Of the great Mother-tongue, and ye shall be
Lords of an empire wide as Shakespeare’s soul,
Sublime as Milton’s immemorial theme,
And rich as Chaucer’s speech, and fair as Spenser’s dream.OH mother of a mighty race,
Yet lovely in thy youthful grace!
The elder dames, thy haughty peers,
Admire and hate thy blooming years.
With words of shame
And taunts of scorn they join thy name.
For on thy cheeks the glow is spread
That tints thy morning hills with red;
Thy step—the wild deer’s rustling feet
Within thy woods are not more fleet;
Thy hopeful eye
Is bright as thine own sunny sky.
Ay, let them rail—those haughty ones,
While safe thou dwellest with thy sons.
They do not know how loved thou art,
How many a fond and fearless heart
Would rise to throw
Its life between thee and the foe.
They know not, in their hate and pride,
What virtues with thy children bide;
How true, how good, thy graceful maids
Make bright, like flowers, the valley shades;
What generous men
Spring, like thine oaks, by hill and glen;—
What cordial welcomes greet the guest
By thy lone rivers of the West;
How faith is kept, and truth revered,
And man is loved, and God is feared,
In woodland homes,
And where the ocean border foams.
There ’s freedom at thy gates and rest
For Earth’s down-trodden and opprest,
A shelter for the hunted head,
For the starved laborer toil and bread.
Power, at thy bounds,
Stops and calls back his baffled hounds.
Oh, fair young mother! on thy brow
Shall sit a nobler grace than now.
Deep in the brightness of the skies
The thronging years in glory rise,
And, as they fleet,
Drop strength and riches at thy feet.
Thine eye, with every coming hour,
Shall brighten, and thy form shall tower;
And when thy sisters, elder born,
Would brand thy name with words of scorn,
Before thine eye,
Upon their lips the taunt shall die.O this political air so heavy with the bells
and motors of a slow night, and no place to rest
but rain to walk—How it rings the Washington streets!
The umbrella’d congressmen; the rapping tires
of big black cars, the shoulders of lobbyists
caught under canopies and in doorways,
and it rains, it will not let up,
and meanwhile lame futurists weep into Spengler’s
prophecy, will the world be over before the races blend color?
All color must be one or let the world be done—
There’ll be a chance, we’ll all be orange!
I don’t want to be orange!
Nothing about God’s color to complain;
and there is a beauty in yellow, the old Lama
in his robe the color of Cathay;
in black a strong & vital beauty,
Thelonious Monk in his robe of Norman charcoal—
And if Western Civilization comes to an end
(though I doubt it, for the prophet has not
executed his prophecy) surely the Eastern child
will sit by a window, and wonder
the old statues, the ornamented doors;
the decorated banquet of the West—
Inflamed by futurists I too weep in rain at night
at the midnight of Western Civilization;
Dante’s step into Hell will never be forgotten by Hell;
the Gods’ adoption of Homer will never be forgotten by the Gods;
the books of France are on God’s bookshelf;
no civil war will take place on the fields of God;
and I don’t doubt the egg of the East its glory—
Yet it rains and the motors go
and continued when I slept by that wall in Washington
which separated the motors in the death-parlor
where Joe McCarthy lay, lean and stilled,
ten blocks from the Capitol—
I could never understand Uncle Sam
his red & white striped pants his funny whiskers his starry hat:
how surreal Yankee Doodle Dandy, goof!
American history has a way of making you feel
George Washington is still around, that is
when I think of Washington I do not think of Death—
Of all Presidents I have been under
Hoover is the most unreal
and FDR is the most President-looking
and Truman the most Jewish-looking
and Eisenhower the miscast of Time into Space—
Hoover is another America, Mr. 1930
and what must he be thinking now?
FDR was my youth, and how strange to still see
his wife around.
Truman is still in Presidential time.
I saw Eisenhower helicopter over Athens
and he looked at the Acropolis like only Zeus could.
OF THE PEOPLE is fortunate and select.
FOR THE PEOPLE has never happened in America or elsewhere.
BY THE PEOPLE is the sadness of America.
I am not politic.
I am not patriotic.
I am nationalistic!
I boast well the beauty of America to all the people in Europe.
In me they do not see their vision of America.
O whenever I pass an American Embassy I don’t know what to feel!
Sometimes I want to rush in and scream: “I’m American!”
but instead go a few paces down to the American Bar
get drunk and cry: “I’m no American!”
The men of politics I love are but youth’s fantasy:
The fine profile of Washington on coins stamps & tobacco wraps
The handsomeness and death-in-the-snow of Hamilton.
The eyeglasses shoe-buckles kites & keys of Ben Franklin.
The sweet melancholy of Lincoln.
The way I see Christ, as something romantic & unreal, is the way I see them.
An American is unique among peoples.
He looks and acts like a boyman.
He never looks cruel in uniform.
He is rednecked portly rich and jolly.
White-haired serious Harvard, kind and wry.
A convention man a family man a rotary man & practical joker.
He is moonfaced cunning well-meaning & righteously mean.
He is Madison Avenue, handsome, in-the-know, and superstitious.
He is odd, happy, quicker than light, shameless, and heroic
Great yawn of youth!
The young don’t seem interested in politics anymore.
Politics has lost its romance!
The “bloody kitchen” has drowned!
And all that is left are those granite
façades of Pentagon, Justice, and Department—
Politicians do not know youth!
They depend on the old
and the old depend on them
and lo! this has given youth a chance
to think of heaven in their independence.
No need to give them liberty or freedom
where they’re at—
When Stevenson in 1956 came to San Francisco
he campaigned in what he thought was an Italian section!
He spoke of Italy and Joe DiMaggio and spaghetti,
but all who were there, all for him,
were young beatniks! and when his car drove off
Ginsberg & I ran up to him and yelled:
“When are you going to free the poets from their attics!”
Great yawn of youth!
Mad beautiful oldyoung America has no candidate
the craziest wildest greatest country of them all!
and not one candidate—
Nixon arrives ever so temporal, self-made,
frontways sideways and backways,
could he be America’s against? Detour to vehicle?
Mast to wind? Shore to sea? Death to life?
The last President?DEALS, DEALS, DEALS.
Small room, with twelve bathrooms.
Envelopes fill the baskets.
Mirrors with lipstick kisses.
In the small room - elbows bump.
In the office.
OCCUPIED - next bathroom.
Outside neighbors look.
Cesspool trucks arrive.
Dirt cover-up off lid.
Man preys lid open.
Next years news escapes.
CESSPOOL CLEAN and POLITICS AGAIN.Well I tried to make it sunday, but I got so damn depressed
That I set my sights on monday and I got myself undressed
I ain’t ready for the altar but I do agree there’s times
When a woman sure can be a friend of mine
Well, I keep on thinkin’ ’bout you, sister golden hair surprise
And I just can’t live without you; can’t you see it in my eyes?
I been one poor correspondent, and I been too, too hard to find
But it doesn’t mean you ain’t been on my mind
Will you meet me in the middle, will you meet me in the air?
Will you love me just a little, just enough to show you care?
Well I tried to fake it, I don’t mind sayin’, I just can’t make it
Well, I keep on thinkin’ ’bout you, sister golden hair surprise
And I just can’t live without you; can’t you see it in my eyes?
Now I been one poor correspondent, and I been too, too hard to find
But it doesn’t mean you ain’t been on my mind
Will you meet me in the middle, will you meet me in the air?
Will you love me just a little, just enough to show you care?
Well I tried to fake it, I don’t mind sayin’, I just can’t make itWho are these immigrants who mow all of this grass
in the medium strips and along the roadsides;
areas that pedestrians don’t use. Whose job is it to fertilize
and maintain this acreage; to kill the clover and dandelion
that constantly flowers. Why is it necessary to beautify
the tedious routes we take to and fro; the ones paved
over as a short cut between points A and B.
What about XYZ? ; out where expelled tire treads
litter the road and where a gallon of gas is not enough
to get you home…
Who are these immigrants who come here to mow America's lawn?
2008 © TSO beautiful for spacious skies,
For amber waves of grain,
For purple mountain majesties
Above the fruited plain!
America! America!
God shed His grace on thee
And crown thy good with brotherhood
From sea to shining sea!
O beautiful for pilgrim feet,
Whose stern, impassioned stress
A thoroughfare for freedom beat
Across the wilderness!
America! America!
God mend thine every flaw,
Confirm thy soul in self-control,
Thy liberty in law!
O beautiful for heroes proved
In liberating strife,
Who more than self their country loved,
And mercy more than life!
America! America!
May God thy gold refine,
Till all success be nobleness,
And every gain divine!
O beautiful for patriot dream
That sees beyond the years
Thine alabaster cities gleam
Undimmed by human tears!
America! America!
God shed His grace on thee
And crown thy good with brotherhood
From sea to shining sea!America The Beautiful
That what the song says
Those words ring loud and true
Every day that I’m alive
I see those words before my eyes
Anywhere I chance to look
In my heart this land will stay
America The Beautiful
Open meadows clear blue skies
Hills all covered green
I have been so many places
There’s much that I have seen
America The Beautiful
That’s what the song says
America The Beautiful
Will remain my home sweet home
If for some unknown reason
You’re unhappy with this land
You can always feel free to leave
But in a freer country you’ll never stand
9-20-77/RJH
© 8-14-10/RJHIt is time that I speak up for what they call America
for a people not appreciated much,
they are generous to all and help the needy near and far
millions gladly felt the good old Yankee touch.
There is Germany and Britain, and Japan and Italy
they were showered with those dollars and forgiven
many debts were cancelled all to end their self-caused misery
new investments, new economies were driven.
While some debts remained in place and should be honoured as of right
it is clear that not one country pays a dime,
you would think that just the interest would be given without fight
but the world does not regard this as a crime.
It was nineteen-fifty-six and Vive La France was near collapse
guess who came to prop her up in those dark days?
Yes it was the helpful Yankees, while De Gaulle was taking naps
but the money disappeared into the haze.
Look at earthquakes in those regions where the people are so poor
who will hurry to the places and assist,
yet tornadoes flatten cities in the homeland every year
any helpers must have faded in the mist.
When the Marshall Plan pumped billions into countries destitute
there were smiles of gratitude on every face
yet today their papers write about the decadent dispute
and are calling them the warring tyrant race.
Look at planes that fly those people in convenient and safe trips
to the places where the world looks not like home
should you hear the names of Boeing, DC-Ten on foreign lips
on the way to a now free and prosperous Rome?
When the railways broke in Germany, in France and India
they were rebuilt by Americans, my word,
when they did collapse at home, in Pennsylvania
and New York no single miracle occurred.
No one lend them even one lousy caboose.
I can name five thousand times when old America would act
while the rest of our great world were in a snooze.
Take an earthquake on the coast, and with little left intact
who of all the mentioned countries would be seen?
I could go and tell you more but maybe all will get the gist
that Americans have always been too keen
to be nurse and, yes policeman while the envious souls get pissed
so America, you ought to stand up tall.
No one stands with you in times when there is need for a strong shoulder
that could help you and prevent that some might fall
I have seen you go alone and with your goodness move the boulder
while the sneering and the whistling could be heard.
And today, courageous people, you are faced with a new foe
that will plant your precious boys deep in the dirt
once again the world is watching and enjoying their own show
screaming insults, throwing rocks at simple folks.
It is not the Ma's and Pa's or all their offspring that is bad
and there really is no room for your poor jokes.
It is George and Donald and some others who've gone mad
as the devil of Big Greed has grabbed their hand.
Uncle Sam and his mean henchmen need to go inside a cell
so the people can get back their promised land.
And I pray for my America, Get Well.
Note:  This was inspired by the radio address of Gordon Sinclair,
a Canadian, in the seventies. I kept the title as wellTheir fruits proud and confident with their knowledge of modern technology but,
historically sleeping.  For some call America "The Heaven on Earth." This simply means, "As there are many
different ways of dying to go to heaven and so there are many different ways of entering
the United States of America. Since there are no differences in heaven between those
who died by road accidents and those who died in the Titanic, And so there are no
differences in America between their fruits, those with U.S. visas, those in stowaway
ships, those jumping over the fence or even bush roads. like heaven or one like America."  For some call America "The Land of Dreams." But in their restless sleep with only one
hour to sleep and go back to work, their nightmare dreams are "evictions, Insurance
Bills, Car notes, Tax bills, a dream no longer at ease - "The Bills."  Yet some call America "The Land of Opportunities." Indeed what wonderful
opportunities in the K.F.C. restaurants, Roy Rogers, Wendy's, McDonald's, the Great
Merrymaids Cleaning Companies. And what a smile the CVS drug store has for selling
Bengay Balsam, oops sleeping on a backache the next morning, a smile and everything is
fine.  As a poet I am reminding their historically sleeping fruits that this land, this beloved
country, this portion of God's created earth, "America the Melting Pot Land."  America the melting pot land is the only land on Earth folks flung and scattered from all
over the world with different backgrounds, colors, races, and languages and melted, and
blended, themselves never to be recognized.  Although sometimes their zig zag tongues make their fruits ask them - Where are you
from? - In this melting pot land "America," only God could save their proud fruits with
whom they melted and blended. Thus violence has no color or race in this melting pot
land.  I counted my blessing as ninth grade school drop out to be melting and blending myself
with intellectual poets in this melting pot land, "The United States of America."1899
Who would trust England, let him lift his eyes
To Nelson, columned o'er Trafalgar Square,
Her hieroglyph of duty, written where
The roar of traffic hushes to the skies;
Or mark, while Paul's vast shadow softly lies
On Gordon's statued sleep, how praise and prayer
Flush through the frank young faces clustering there
To con that kindred rune of sacrifice.
O England, no bland cloud-ship in the blue,
But rough oak plunging on o'er perilous jars
Of reef and ice, our faith will follow you
The more for tempest roar that strains your spars
And splits your canvas, be your helm but true,
Your courses shapen by the eternal stars.
1900
The nightmare melts at last, and London wakes
To her old habit of victorious ease.
More men, and more, and more for over-seas,
More guns until the giant hammer breaks
That patriot folk whom even God forsakes.
Shall not Great England work her will on these,
The foolish little nations, and appease
An angry shame that in her memory aches?
But far beyond the fierce-contested flood,
The cannon-planted pass, the shell-torn town,
The last wild carnival of fire and blood,
Beware, beware that dim and awful Shade,
Armored with Milton's sword and Cromwell's frown,
Affronted Freedom, of her own betrayed!AUGUST 5, 1866
THOUGH watery deserts hold apart
The worlds of East and West,
Still beats the selfsame human heart
In each proud Nation's breast.
Our floating turret tempts the main
And dares the howling blast
To clasp more close the golden chain
That long has bound them fast.
In vain the gales of ocean sweep,
In vain the billows roar
That chafe the wild and stormy steep
Of storied Elsinore.
She comes! She comes! her banners dip
In Neva's flashing tide,
With greetings on her cannon's lip,
The storm-god's iron bride!
Peace garlands with the olive-bough
Her thunder-bearing tower,
And plants before her cleaving prow
The sea-foam's milk-white flower.
No prairies heaped their garnered store
To fill her sunless hold,
Not rich Nevada's gleaming ore
Its hidden caves infold,
But lightly as the sea-bird swings
She floats the depths above,
A breath of flame to lend her wings,
Her freight a people's love!
When darkness hid the starry skies
In war's long winter night,
One ray still cheered our straining eyes,
The far-off Northern light.
And now the friendly rays return
From lights that glow afar,
Those clustered lamps of Heaven that burn
Around the Western Star.
A nation's love in tears and smiles
We bear across the sea,
O Neva of the banded isles,
We moor our hearts in thee!America won't
Be the same anymore
Because they are fighting
In the Afghanistan
WarSunflower legions
lifted on green leafed shoulders
stare dark horizons.Another beautiful day i thought as i arose from bed that day,
Not ever knowing things could turn out this distructive way.
As i entered the building with a smile on my face,
And i greeted the friends I, ve made in this place,
A glance at my watch made me quicken my pace.
Up in the elevator to floor 101,
My thoughts turned to pre - school & that of my son.
Grabbed a quick cuppa & settled at my desk,
File all the paperwork then tackle the rest.
All of a sudden without warning at all,
The whole building trembled & things began to fall.
At first we thought earth quake - get out fast,
But a look out the window confirmed a huge blast.
Something had crashed into the building we share,
With thousands of others - how would we fare?
We all started to panic, we screamed & yelled,
We knew this was bad & onto each other we held.
I grabbed my cell phone & dialed my love,
I asked him to pray to God above.
I asked him to kiss my little son,
And tell him his mummy, s number one.
People were jumping & taking thier lives,
We all knew we would never get out of here alive.
I got down on the floor & covered my face,
I didnt want to see what was about to take place.
Next thing i knew i was falling through concrete & steel,
This must be a nightmare, it just cant be real.
God how could they find me in all of this mess,
So many people - all in distress.
I, m feeling very tired, i ache & i bleed,
Im trapped in a concrete jungle
Can you not hear my plea, s.
I know feel peaceful, im drifting off to sleep,
Pray for the others with the tears you weep.
God bless America, my home sweet home,
Open up the stairway God -
This angel is commimg home...Slowly the hours beyond the midnight crawl.
Far on the frozen night a train goes by.
I know there is no starlight in the sky,
But that concealing fog is over all,
Alike for stars and men a somber pall.
Remoter now, a cold, mechanic cry
Is signal, and the poplars stir and sigh,
As ranks that wait in vain the trumpet's call.
Now breaks the day on Belgium and France.
Over the shoulder of the world, I know
What rubrics gleam on the recording snow
(That page of Heaven's book that lay so pure!)
As, votive to the race's huge mischance,
Men die, O Liberty! that thou endure.Life is cold
Life is shady
Ima Black in america
still getting treated like a second habd citizen
Life is so unfair
My flow is never heard
Never felt
Cause i am black in america
I study keeping flowing
creating styles
cause I cant stick with one style
But LIFE IS COLD
America still wont let me be happy
until they beat me
mentally
call me names
make me feel bad for being black
I am just going off
LIfe is shady
Ima done
with thisIt’s all very well to dream of a dove that saves,
Picasso’s or the Pope’s,
The one that annually coos in Our Lady’s ear
Half the world’s hopes,
And the other one that shall cunningly engineer
The retirement of all businessmen to their graves,
And when this is brought about
Make us the loving brothers of every lout—
But in our part of the country a false dusk
Lingers for hours; it steams
From the soaked hay, wades in the cloudy woods,
Engendering other dreams.
Formless and soft beyond the fence it broods
Or rises as a faint and rotten musk
Out of a broken stalk.
There are some things of which we seldom talk;
For instance, the woman next door, whom we hear at night,
Claims that when she was small
She found a man stone dead near the cedar trees
After the first snowfall.
The air was clear. He seemed in ultimate peace
Except that he had no eyes. Rigid and bright
Upon the forehead, furred
With a light frost, crouched an outrageous bird.Black Man In America for to long our chains held us so tight
beaten down as far as the dust chained to the night
Black Man In America can't you see
we free now at least physically
but freedom isn't free if we still enslaved mentally
Black Man In America stand up and let your voices be heard your families are calling you because they don't deserve to be deserted  or mistreated
let us be stronger than they because the greatest retalation is providing a successful way
for your black babies and mine to have a brighter day
they are calling out to you heed their cry and respond favorably to them saying here am I
Black Man In America we must continue to wage this fight and let our hands be strong and our fingers do the fightin'
Black Man In America a success you must become because without success our freedom wasn't really won
Black Man In America stand up and be heard its imperative for you to provide the light for a brighter day that your children so richly deserve
Black Man In AmericaA senseless act of hatred can change
Everything in a horrifying minute
It is impossible to understand
And so many lives are destroyed with it
Lives of wonderful cherished folks
Who tried to do what was right
And then it was suddenly over
There was never even a fight
We ask God to help us understand
What could bring about such hate
To someone they don’t even know
Who decides to change our fate
Oh, such hurt and unending pain
Is felt each and every day
Please, God, be with loved ones
And help in your unspoken way
The sadness is shared by so many
Giving things like flags and teddy bears
Loving notes to send their love
Brings forth so many tears
I have faith that God will help us
We will never forget what we saw
Forever strong and flowing
The precious blood of America!
Written in honor of the Oklahoma City bombingMy wish for today:
that poet friends were viewing
this, coffee in hand.
January
Vibrant cherries shine
ice covered branches glimmer
muted background same.
February
Sun swept red mountains
guard crowded boat marina
masts and poles worship.
March
Angry beach and sky
huge wave crashing red lighthouse
birds, helical fence.
April
Legions of sunflowers stare
lifted on green leafed shoulders
stormy horizon
May
Whimsical lighthouse
atop bouldered barren hill
flanked by two small sheds.
June
Last light of sunset
paints quiet water mosaic
small sailboat silent.
July
Chocolate mountain
snow sprinkles and pine tree stands
field of orange flowers.
August
Two wierd cacti hands
pierce upside down flaming pit
desert sunset awe.
September
Mountain, lake couple
reflecting one together
blue sky intrudes.
October
Inferno color
autumn trees dazzle senses
old fence and field yield.
November
Sheltering pine limbs
frame small misty lake island
morning's golden light.
December
Classic large red barn
pine and young elm trees surround
snow on roof and yard.
My poet friends
may you have all life's blessings
and enjoy nature.
Jim Norausky
Katy, Texas  January,2009Against the eagled
Hemisphere
I lean my eager
Editorial ear
And what the devil
You think I hear?
I hear the Beat
No not of the heart
But the dull palpitation
Of the New Art
As, on the dead tread,
Mill of no mind,
It follows its leaders
Unbeaten behind.
O Kerouac Kerouac
What on earth shall we do
If a single Idea
Ever gets through?
. . . 1/2 an idea
To a hundred pages
Now Jack, dear Jack,
That ain't fair wages
For labouring through
Prose that takes ages
Just to announce
That Gods and Men
Ought all to study
The Book of Zen.
If you really think
So low of the soul
Why don't you write
On a toilet roll?People united
To secure their liberty
Out of many, one
I've written a letter for anyone who cares where this great country of ours is heading.  It has bothered some on this poetry sight so much they have had it removed from the search engine, despite my many attempts at restoring it.  Why do they allow certain authors to lambaste our great country, while anyone trying to bring forth the truth is silenced?
The letter is entitled 'Our Liberty'
© 2011
America America America America America America America America America America America America America America America America America America America America America America America America America America America America America America America America freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom freedom haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haiku haikuCrossroads of this brave New World:
tiring - perhaps no longer young
Big city, rural city? central point -
refreshing - this nation's innovative belly
city of indigenous America, cosmopolitan
reflective - luminescent in waning light
hopeful in the new day dawning bright
still movement, raucous plains of crop
Gridded out on one mile square
soldiers and sailors commemorate
midpoint triumph at Monument Circle
no governor on this spot will reside
interstates intersect downtown - out of town;
glass-domed rotunda docile suspensions
champions cheer in the hall of White River
fast paced spin abouts at the Motor Speedway
To the eye of tourist local or overseas
- dimming star spangled glory revived
midway between coast to coast she lay
Who is there? Indianapolis, city fair.1. ON A RHINE STEAMER.
Republic of the West,
Enlightened, free, sublime,
Unquestionably best
Production of our time.
The telephone is thine,
And thine the Pullman Car,
The caucus, the divine
Intense electric star.
To thee we likewise owe
The venerable names
Of Edgar Allan Poe,
And Mr. Henry James.
In short it's due to thee,
Thou kind of Western star,
That we have come to be
Precisely what we are.
But every now and then,
It cannot be denied,
You breed a kind of men
Who are not dignified,
Or courteous or refined,
Benevolent or wise,
Or gifted with a mind
Beyond the common size,
Or notable for tact,
Agreeable to me,
Or anything, in fact,
That people ought to be.
2. ON A PARISIAN BOULEVARD.
Britannia rules the waves,
As I have heard her say;
She frees whatever slaves
She meets upon her way.
A teeming mother she
Of Parliaments and Laws;
Majestic, mighty, free:
Devoid of common flaws.
For here did Shakspere write
His admirable plays:
For her did Nelson fight
And Wolseley win his bays.
Her sturdy common sense
Is based on solid grounds:
By saving numerous pence
She spends effective pounds.
The Saxon and the Celt
She equitably rules;
Her iron rod is felt
By countless knaves and fools.
In fact, mankind at large,
Black, yellow, white and red,
Is given to her in charge,
And owns her as a head.
But every here and there--
Deny it if you can--
She breeds a vacant stare
Unworthy of a man:
A look of dull surprise;
A nerveless idle hand:
An eye which never tries
To threaten or command:
In short, a kind of man,
If man indeed he be,
As worthy of our ban
As any that we see:
Unspeakably obtuse,
Abominably vain,
Of very little use,
And execrably plain.And what of thee, O Lincoln's Land? What gloom
Is darkening above the Sunset Sea?
Vowed Champion of Liberty, deplume
Thy war-crest, bow thy knee,
Before God answer thee.
What talk is thine of rebels? Didst thou turn,
My very child, thy vaunted sword on me,
To scoff to-day at patriot fires that burn
In hearts unbound to thee,
Flames of the Sunset Sea?O Lord, our refuge and strength
When it's 'in God we trust'
The foe has struck your firstborn
With a great infamous thrust
Like history repeated
A Trojan Horse await
To massacre the blameless
A 'Nine-eleven' fate
They've dared defy an army
That does proclaim you Lord
Deliver US from their hand
Whet your glittering sword
Our Father who's in heaven
Shield US, your battle axe
Guard these in Thy replevin
Then Babylon do tax
Give US righteous victory
In Thy name, Lord of host
So that all the earth may know
'In God we trust' foremost
O Lord, our Rock and fortress
'Land of the Free' protect
Keep US strong 'til Shiloh come
Then on to Him collect
He maketh the wars to cease
Unto the end of earth
Breaketh bow, cut sunder spear
To chariots flame's birth
'Be calm, and know that I am God:
I will be exalted among the nations,
I will be exalted in the earth.'*
The Lord of hosts is with US
Our refuge we proclaim
Bless US in our endeavor
We ask in Jesus name
*Psalms 46: 10, Inspired by Jeremiah Chapters 50 and 51
© 2011god blessed america when he made the earth
god blessed america when he sent his son to sacrifise
god blessed america when he made us and
god blessed america when he made youI Believe In America…., we’re a nation of hopes and dreams…..,
Sweet freedom will fill our needs…., I Believe In America.
I Believe In America…., I believe we must fight for peace….,
My faith in us will never cease…., I Believe In America.
With His strength from up above…,
We’ll prevail on our massive quest…,
Our nation breathes kindness and love…..,
We’ll lead our world to happiness.
I Believe In America…, we are united in democracy….,
Defeating evil and hypocrisy…., I Believe In America.
Our Lord is watching every move we make…..,
I know He’ll help us do our best….,
Guiding us with every step we take….,
Because our lives are truly blessed.
I Believe In America…., we’re a nation of hopes and dreams…..,
Sweet freedom will fill our needs…., I Believe In America.
Yes, I Believe In America.I Hear America singing, the varied carols I hear;
Those of mechanics--each one singing his, as it should be, blithe and strong;
The carpenter singing his, as he measures his plank or beam,
The mason singing his, as he makes ready for work, or leaves off work;
The boatman singing what belongs to him in his boat--the deckhand singing on the steamboat deck;
The shoemaker singing as he sits on his bench--the hatter singing as he stands;
The wood-cutter's song--the ploughboy's, on his way in the morning, or at the noon intermission, or at sundown;
The delicious singing of the mother--or of the young wife at work--or of the girl sewing or washing--Each singing what belongs to her, and to none else;
The day what belongs to the day--At night, the party of young fellows, robust, friendly,
Singing, with open mouths, their strong melodious songs.I know a dream called America -
That led to freedom - our precious -
freedom. That was won - That was won -
through - loneliness - hunger - blood-
Sweat - and tears. By your christian forefathers - who
Fought on with determination - through
The night - and through the day - till
The war was won. In the cold - cold - winter snow of
Seventeen-Seventy-Six - that won us
our freedom. Happy birthday America to everyone
Say a prayer for your country - everyone -
Give a helping hand - everyone - for the
Cause of freedom - everyone - let no one
take your freedom from this land - for
It is our hope - and our passport everyone -
And our golden gate - to the promised land -
Where our almighty God abides. - Happy birthday America - to everyone -
May we share - many many more. I know a dream called America -
That lead to Freedom - our precious Freedom. That was won - that was won -
Through loneliness - and hunger - blood -
Sweat - and tears Happy birthday America - to everyone -
Say a prayer for your country - everyone -
Give a helping hand - everyone - for the
Cause of Freedom from this land - for it's
Our hope - and your passport - everyone - and
Our golden gate - to the promised land -
Where Almighty God - abides.I, too, sing America
The melody is quiet but still passes my lips
I am the elusive ingenue
The restless whisper of a wood nymph
You can hardly tell I'm there
Waiting quietly in my shell
For the right moment to emerge.First
one
foot
then gingerly
the other
steps
from
the swivel
chair
to the table top
where blindly you
fiddle with the slats
caught - now - un-caught -
still sleepy
I turn to see you
naked against
skyscrapers
& mewing like a kitty
stuck up a tree.
'Help ne... help me
down! '
as the swivel chair
spins around and
away.
You look so
good
I look
twice
before taking
your nakedness
in hand
lowering you
gently to the ground
& then ever more
gently to the bed.
You purr
Outside
New York
continues to be
New York.
Times Square
...Time Squares.
The sound
of kisses
overcoming
the traffic's
roar.
*******
The Sheraton New York & Towers Hotel...midnight...Christmas Eve's eve.2009Baby boomers were cool;
Now Ninjas rule.
It’s America you fool.
Junk food;
Was cool dude.
Only joys no sorrow;
They consumed as if; no tomorrow.
Sub standard education;
In their social school.
Still; Its America you fool.
Dubya's wars;
Permanent scars.
Russia's gone;
Iraq stumped.
Against tough times;
Their economy bumped.
Its size aint miniscule;
It’s America you fool.
Big bangs;
Use of slangs.
Moral falls;
Haughty attitudes.
Roller coaster ride;
Changing vicissitudes.
On the top once;
Now at bottom they drool;
It’s America you fool..
No future in sight;
The corner's tight.
Their world’s dark;
Ours is bright.
They live on hopes;
Under Obama's rule;
Its America you fool.
Who knows from here;
Where they go?
The world debates the rates;
By which they shall grow.
Once fast; now very slow;
Shall they go.
Swelling debt, soaring crime;
Rest taken care by Subprime.
America aint no longer cool;
Its economics u fool.
Hybernate they shall, as I can see;
As there's no lunch that comes free.
An economy so agile;
Shall stay now low profile.
Till they rise and rise again;
After alleviation of their domestic pain
Hope and hope surely he brings;
After the fall as spring springs.
As he takes on the reigns today;
He knows the challenges that waylay.
New ties and new friends;
Hope with him the hostility ends;
Hope millions of hearts, he does rule;
It’s Obama, not bush u fool.
From the lectern;
As he speaks.
The floor under him firmly creaks;
Shake off the dust;
He says.
Expose yourself;
To sun's rays.
To work hard;
To save more;
So that one day;
America may again gleam.
With him he brings;
A new American dream.Let America be America again.
Let it be the dream it used to be.
Let it be the pioneer on the plain
Seeking a home where he himself is free.
(America never was America to me.)
Let America be the dream the dreamers dreamed--
Let it be that great strong land of love
Where never kings connive nor tyrants scheme
That any man be crushed by one above.
(It never was America to me.)
O, let my land be a land where Liberty
Is crowned with no false patriotic wreath,
But opportunity is real, and life is free,
Equality is in the air we breathe.
(There's never been equality for me,
Nor freedom in this "homeland of the free.")
Say, who are you that mumbles in the dark?
And who are you that draws your veil across the stars?
I am the poor white, fooled and pushed apart,
I am the Negro bearing slavery's scars.
I am the red man driven from the land,
I am the immigrant clutching the hope I seek--
And finding only the same old stupid plan
Of dog eat dog, of mighty crush the weak.
I am the young man, full of strength and hope,
Tangled in that ancient endless chain
Of profit, power, gain, of grab the land!
Of grab the gold! Of grab the ways of satisfying need!
Of work the men! Of take the pay!
Of owning everything for one's own greed!
I am the farmer, bondsman to the soil.
I am the worker sold to the machine.
I am the Negro, servant to you all.
I am the people, humble, hungry, mean--
Hungry yet today despite the dream.
Beaten yet today--O, Pioneers!
I am the man who never got ahead,
The poorest worker bartered through the years.
Yet I'm the one who dreamt our basic dream
In the Old World while still a serf of kings,
Who dreamt a dream so strong, so brave, so true,
That even yet its mighty daring sings
In every brick and stone, in every furrow turned
That's made America the land it has become.
O, I'm the man who sailed those early seas
In search of what I meant to be my home--
For I'm the one who left dark Ireland's shore,
And Poland's plain, and England's grassy lea,
And torn from Black Africa's strand I came
To build a "homeland of the free."
The free?
Who said the free? Not me?
Surely not me? The millions on relief today?
The millions shot down when we strike?
The millions who have nothing for our pay?
For all the dreams we've dreamed
And all the songs we've sung
And all the hopes we've held
And all the flags we've hung,
The millions who have nothing for our pay--
Except the dream that's almost dead today.
O, let America be America again--
The land that never has been yet--
And yet must be--the land where every man is free.
The land that's mine--the poor man's, Indian's, Negro's, ME--
Who made America,
Whose sweat and blood, whose faith and pain,
Whose hand at the foundry, whose plow in the rain,
Must bring back our mighty dream again.
Sure, call me any ugly name you choose--
The steel of freedom does not stain.
From those who live like leeches on the people's lives,
We must take back our land again,
America!
O, yes,
I say it plain,
America never was America to me,
And yet I swear this oath--
America will be!
Out of the rack and ruin of our gangster death,
The rape and rot of graft, and stealth, and lies,
We, the people, must redeem
The land, the mines, the plants, the rivers.
The mountains and the endless plain--
All, all the stretch of these great green states--
And make America again!I
Now farewell to you! you are
One of my dearest, whom I trust:
Now follow you the Western star,
And cast the old world off as dust.
II
From many friends adieu! adieu!
The quick heart of the word therein.
Much that we hope for hangs with you:
We lose you, but we lose to win.
III
The beggar-king, November, frets:
His tatters rich with Indian dyes
Goes hugging: we our season's debts
Pay calmly, of the Spring forewise.
IV
We send our worthiest; can no less,
If we would now be read aright, -
To that great people who may bless
Or curse mankind: they have the might.
V
The proudest seasons find their graves,
And we, who would not be wooed, must court.
We have let the blunderers and the waves
Divide us, and the devil had sport.
VI
The blunderers and the waves no more
Shall sever kindred sending forth
Their worthiest from shore to shore
For welcome, bent to prove their worth.
VII
Go you and such as you afloat,
Our lost kinsfellowship to revive.
The battle of the antidote
Is tough, though silent: may you thrive!
VIII
I, when in this North wind I see
The straining red woods blown awry,
Feel shuddering like the winter tree,
All vein and artery on cold sky.
IX
The leaf that clothed me is torn away;
My friend is as a flying seed.
Ay, true; to bring replenished day
Light ebbs, but I am bare, and bleed.
X
What husky habitations seem
These comfortable sayings! they fell,
In some rich year become a dream:-
So cries my heart, the infidel! . . .
XI
Oh! for the strenuous mind in quest,
Arabian visions could not vie
With those broad wonders of the West,
And would I bid you stay? Not I!
XII
The strange experimental land
Where men continually dare take
Niagara leaps;--unshattered stand
'Twixt fall and fall;--for conscience' sake,
XIII
Drive onward like a flood's increase; -
Fresh rapids and abysms engage; -
(We live--we die) scorn fireside peace,
And, as a garment, put on rage,
XIV
Rather than bear God's reprimand,
By rearing on a full fat soil
Concrete of sin and sloth;--this land,
You will observe it coil in coil.
XV
The land has been discover'd long,
The people we have yet to know;
Themselves they know not, save that strong
For good and evil still they grow.
XVI
Nor know they us. Yea, well enough
In that inveterate machine
Through which we speak the printed stuff
Daily, with voice most hugeous, mien
XVII
Tremendous:- as a lion's show
The grand menagerie paintings hide:
Hear the drum beat, the trombones blow!
The poor old Lion lies inside! . . .
XVIII
It is not England that they hear,
But mighty Mammon's pipers, trained
To trumpet out his moods, and stir
His sluggish soul: HER voice is chained:
XIX
Almost her spirit seems moribund!
O teach them, 'tis not she displays
The panic of a purse rotund,
Eternal dread of evil days, -
XX
That haunting spectre of success
Which shows a heart sunk low in the girths:
Not England answers nobleness, -
'Live for thyself: thou art not earth's.'
XXI
Not she, when struggling manhood tries
For freedom, air, a hopefuller fate,
Points out the planet, Compromise,
And shakes a mild reproving pate:
XXII
Says never: 'I am well at ease,
My sneers upon the weak I shed:
The strong have my cajoleries:
And those beneath my feet I tread.'
XXIII
Nay, but 'tis said for her, great Lord!
The misery's there! The shameless one
Adjures mankind to sheathe the sword,
Herself not yielding what it won:-
XXIV
Her sermon at cock-crow doth preach,
On sweet Prosperity--or greed.
'Lo! as the beasts feed, each for each,
God's blessings let us take, and feed!'
XXV
Ungrateful creatures crave a part -
She tells them firmly she is full;
Lost sheared sheep hurt her tender heart
With bleating, stops her ears with wool:-
XXVI
Seized sometimes by prodigious qualms
(Nightmares of bankruptcy and death), -
Showers down in lumps a load of alms,
Then pants as one who has lost a breath;
XXVII
Believes high heaven, whence favours flow,
Too kind to ask a sacrifice
For what it specially doth bestow; -
Gives SHE, 'tis generous, cheese to mice.
XXVIII
She saw the young Dominion strip
For battle with a grievous wrong,
And curled a noble Norman lip,
And looked with half an eye sidelong;
XXIX
And in stout Saxon wrote her sneers,
Denounced the waste of blood and coin,
Implored the combatants, with tears,
Never to think they could rejoin.
XXX
Oh! was it England that, alas!
Turned sharp the victor to cajole?
Behold her features in the glass:
A monstrous semblance mocks her soul!
XXXI
A false majority, by stealth,
Have got her fast, and sway the rod:
A headless tyrant built of wealth,
The hypocrite, the belly-God.
XXXII
To him the daily hymns they raise:
His tastes are sought: his will is done:
He sniffs the putrid steam of praise,
Place for true England here is none!
XXXIII
But can a distant race discern
The difference 'twixt her and him?
My friend, that will you bid them learn.
He shames and binds her, head and limb.
XXXIV
Old wood has blossoms of this sort.
Though sound at core, she is old wood.
If freemen hate her, one retort
She has; but one!--'You are my blood.'
XXXV
A poet, half a prophet, rose
In recent days, and called for power.
I love him; but his mountain prose -
His Alp and valley and wild flower -
XXXVI
Proclaimed our weakness, not its source.
What medicine for disease had he?
Whom summoned for a show of force?
Our titular aristocracy!
XXXVII
Why, these are great at City feasts;
From City riches mainly rise:
'Tis well to hear them, when the beasts
That die for us they eulogize!
XXXVIII
But these, of all the liveried crew
Obeisant in Mammon's walk,
Most deferent ply the facial screw,
The spinal bend, submissive talk.
XXXIX
Small fear that they will run to books
(At least the better form of seed)!
I, too, have hoped from their good looks,
And fables of their Northman breed; -
XL
Have hoped that they the land would head
In acts magnanimous; but, lo,
When fainting heroes beg for bread
They frown: where they are driven they go.
XLI
Good health, my friend! and may your lot
Be cheerful o'er the Western rounds.
This butter-woman's market-trot
Of verse is passing market-bounds.
XLII
Adieu! the sun sets; he is gone.
On banks of fog faint lines extend:
Adieu! bring back a braver dawn
To England, and to me my friend.Long, too long America,
Traveling roads all even and peaceful you learn'd from joys and prosperity only,
But now, ah now, to learn from crises of anguish, advancing, grappling with direst fate and recoiling not,
And now to conceive and show to the world what your children en-masse really are,
(For who except myself has yet conceiv'd what your children en-masse really are?)'Twas mercy brought me from my Pagan land,
Taught my benighted soul to understand
That there's a God, that there's a Saviour too:
Once I redemption neither sought nor knew.
Some view our sable race with scornful eye,
"Their colour is a diabolic die."
Remember, Christians, Negro's, black as Cain,
May be refin'd, and join th' angelic train.ONE song, America, before I go,
I'd sing, o'er all the rest, with trumpet sound,
For thee--the Future.
I'd sow a seed for thee of endless Nationality;
I'd fashion thy Ensemble, including Body and Soul;
I'd show, away ahead, thy real Union, and how it may be accomplish'd.
(The paths to the House I seek to make,
But leave to those to come, the House itself.)
Belief I sing--and Preparation;
As Life and Nature are not great with reference to the Present
only,                                                        10
But greater still from what is yet to come,
Out of that formula for Thee I sing.WITNESS FOR TROUT FISHING
IN AMERICA PEACE
In San Francisco around Easter time last year, they had a
trout fishing in America peace parade. They had thousands
of red stickers printed and they pasted them on their small
foreign cars, and on means of national communication like
telephone poles.
The stickers had WITNESS FOR TROUT FISHING IN AM-
ERICA PEACE printed on them.
Then this group of college- and high-school-trained Com-
munists, along with some Communist clergymen and their
Marxist-taught children, marched to San Francisco from
Sunnyvale, a Communist nerve center about forty miles away.
It took them four days to walk to San Francisco. They
stopped overnight at various towns along the way, and slept
on the lawns of fellow travelers.
They carried with them Communist trout fishing in Ameri-
ca peace propaganda posters:
"DON'T DROP AN H-BOMB ON THE OLD FISHING HOLE I"
"ISAAC WALTON WOULD'VE HATED THE BOMB!"
"ROYAL COACHMAN, SI! ICBM, NO!"
They carried with them many other trout fishing in Amer-
ica peace inducements, all following the Communist world
conquest line: the Gandhian nonviolence Trojan horse.
When these young, hard-core brainwashed members of
the Communist conspiracy reached the "Panhandle, " the
emigre Oklahoma Communist sector of San Francisco, thou-
sands of other Communists were waiting for them. These
were Communists who couldn't walk very far. They barely
had enough strength to make it downtown.
Thousands of Communists, protected by the police, marched
down to Union Square, located in the very heart of San Fran-
cisco. The Communist City Hall riots in 1960 had presented
evidence of it, the police let hundreds of Communists escape,
but the trout fishing in America peace parade was the final
indictment: police protection.
Thousands of Communists marched right into the heart of
San Francisco, and Communist speakers incited them for
hours and the young people wanted to blow up Colt Tower, but
the Communist clergy told them to put away their plastic
bombs.
"Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should
do to you, do ye even so to them . . . There will be no need
for explosives, " they said.
America needs no other proof. The Red shadow of the
Gandhian nonviolence Trojan horse has fallen across Ameri-
ca, and San Francisco is its stable.
Obsolete is the mad rapist's legendary piece of candy. At
this very moment, Communist agents are handing out Witness
for trout fishing in America peace tracts to innocent children
riding the cable cars.THE COVER FOR
TROUT FISHING IN AMERICA
The cover for Trout Fishing in America is a photograph taken
late in the afternoon, a photograph of the Benjamin Franklin
statue in San Francisco's Washington Square.
Born 1706--Died 1790, Benjamin Franklin stands on a
pedestal that looks like a house containing stone furniture.
He holds some papers in one hand and his hat in the other.
Then the statue speaks, saying in marble:
PRESENTED BY
H. D. COGSWELL
TO OUR
BOYS AND GIRLS
WHO WILL SOON
TAKE OUR PLACES
AND PASS ON.
Around the base of the statue are four words facing the
directions of this world, to the east WELCOME, to the west
WELCOME, to the north WELCOME, to the south WELCOME.
Just behind the statue are three poplar trees, almost leafless
except for the top branches. The statue stands in front
of the middle tree. All around the grass is wet from the
rains of early February.
In the background is a tall cypress tree, almost dark like
a room. Adlai Stevenson spoke under the tree in 1956, before
a crowd of 40, 000 people.
There is a tall church across the street from the statue
with crosses, steeples, bells and a vast door that looks like
a huge mousehole, perhaps from a Tom and Jerry cartoon,
and written above the door is 'Per L'Universo.'
Around five o'clock in the afternoon of my cover for
Trout Fishing in America, people gather in the park across
the street from the church and they are hungry.
It's sandwich time for the poor.
But they cannot cross the street until the signal is given.
Then they all run across the street to the church and get
their sandwiches that are wrapped in newspaper. They go
back to the park and unwrap the newspaper and see what their
sandwiches are all about.
A friend of mine unwrapped his sandwich one afternoon
and looked inside to find just a leaf of spinach. That was all.
Was it Kafka who learned about America by reading the
autobiography of Benjamin Franklin..............
Kafka who said, 'I like the Americans because they are healthy
and optimistic.'ANOTHER METHOD
OF MAKING WALNUT CATSUP
And this is a very small cookbook for Trout Fishing in America
as if Trout Fishing in America were a rich gourmet and
Trout Fishing in America had Maria Callas for a girlfriend
and they ate together on a marble table with beautiful candles.
Compote of Apples
Take a dozen of golden pippins, pare them
nicely and take the core out with a small
penknife; put them into some water, and
let them be well scalded; then take a little
of the water with some sugar, and a few
apples which may be sliced into it, and
let the whole boil till it comes to a syrup;
then pour it over your pippins, and garnish
them with dried cherries and lemon-peel
cut fine. You must take care that your
pippins are not split.
And Maria Callas sang to Trout Fishing in America as
they ate their apples together.
A Standing Crust for Great Pies
Take a peck of flour and six pounds of butter
boiled in a gallon of water: skim it off into
the flour, and as little of the liquor as you
can. Work it up well into a paste, and then
pull it into pieces till it is cold. Then make
it up into what form you please.
And Trout Fishing in America smiled at Maria Callas as
they ate their pie crust together.
A  Spoonful Pudding
Take a spoonful of flour, a spoonful of
cream or milk, an egg, a little nutmeg,
ginger, and salt. Mix all together, and
boil it in a little wooden dish half an hour.
If you think proper you may add a few
currants .
And Trout Fishing in America said, "The moon's coming
out." And Maria Callas said, "Yes, it is."
Another Method of Making Walnut Catsup
Take green walnuts before the shell is
formed, and grind them in a crab-mill,
or pound them in a marble mortar.
Squeeze out the juice through a coarse
cloth, and put to every gallon of juice
a pound of anchovies, and the same
quantity of bay-salt, four ounces of
Jamaica pepper, two of long and two of
black pepper; of mace, cloves, and
ginger, each an ounce, and a stick of
horseradish. Boil all together till
reduced to half the quantity, and then
put it into a pot. When it is cold, bottle
it close, and in three months it will be
fit for use.
And Trout Fishing in America and Maria Callas poured
walnut catsup on their hamburgers.
PROLOGUE TO GRIDER CREEK
Mooresville, Indiana, is the town that John Dillinger came
from, and the town has a John Dillinger Museum. You can
go in and look around.
Some towns are known as the peach capital of America or
the cherry capital or the oyster capital, and there's always
a festival and the photograph of a pretty girl in a bathing suit.
Mooresville, Indiana, is the John Dillinger capital of America.
Recently a man moved there with his wife, and he discovered
hundreds of rats in his basement. They were huge, slowmoving
child-eyed rats.
When his wife had to visit some of her relatives for a few
days, the man went out and bought a .38 revolver and a lot
of ammunition. Then he went down to the basement where
the rats were, and he started shooting them. It didn't bother
the rats at all. They acted as if it were a movie and started
eating their dead companions for popcorn.
The man walked over to a rat that was busy eating a friend
and placed the pistol against the rat's head. The rat did not
move and continued eating away. When the hammer clicked
back, the rat paused between bites and looked out of the corner
of its eye. First at the pistol and then at the man. It was a kind
of friendly look as if to say, "When my mother was young she
sang like Deanna Durbin. "
The man pulled the trigger.
He had no sense of humor.
There's always a single feature, a double feature and an
eternal feature playing at the Great Theater in Mooresville,
Indiana: the John Dillinger capital of America.SEA, SEA RIDER
The man who owned the bookstore was not magic. He was not a
three-legged crow on the dandelion side of the mountain.
He was, of course, a Jew, a retired merchant seaman
who had been torpedoed in the North Atlantic and floated
there day after day until death did not want him. He had a
young wife, a heart attack, a Volkswagen and a home in
Marin County. He liked the works of George Orwell, Richard
Aldington and Edmund Wilson.
He learned about life at sixteen, first from Dostoevsky
and then from the whores of New Orleans.
The bookstore was a parking lot for used graveyards.
Thousands of graveyards were parked in rows like cars.
Most of the kooks were out of print, and no one wanted to
read them any more and the people who had read the books
had died or forgotten about them, but through the organic
process of music the books had become virgins again. They
wore their ancient copyrights like new maidenheads.
I went to the bookstore in the afternoons after I got off
work, during that terrible year of 1959.
He had a kitchen in the back of the store and he brewed
cups of thick Turkish coffee in a copper pan. I drank coffee
and read old books and waited for the year to end. He had a
small room above the kitchen.
It looked down on the bookstore and had Chinese screens
in front of it. The room contained a couch, a glass cabinet
with Chinese things in it and a table and three chairs. There
was a tiny bathroom fastened like a watch fob to the room.
I was sitting on a stool in the bookstore one afternoon
reading a book that was in the shape of a chalice. The book
had clear pages like gin, and the first page in the book read:
Billy
the Kid
born
November 23,
1859
in
New York
City
The owner of the bookstore came up to me, and put his
arm on my shoulder and said, "Would you like to get laid?"
His voice was very kind.
"No, " I said.
"You're wrong, " he said, and then without saying anything
else, he went out in front of the bookstore, and stopped a pair
of total strangers, a man and a woman. He talked to them for
a few moments. I couldn't hear what he was saying. He pointed
at me in the bookstore. The woman nodded her head and
then the man nodded his head.
They came into the bookstore.
I was embarrassed. I could not leave the bookstore because
they were entering by the only door, so I decided to go
upstairs and go to the toilet. I got up abruptly and walked
to the back of the bookstore and went upstairs to the bathroom,
and they followed after me. I could hear them on the stairs.
I waited for a long time in the bathroom and they waited
an equally long time in the other room. They never spoke.
When I came out of the bathroom, the woman was lying naked
on the couch, and the man was sitting in a chair with his
hat on his lap.
"Don't worry about him, " the girl said. "These things
make no difference to him. He's rich. He has 3, 859 Rolls
Royces." The girl was very pretty and her body was like a
clear mountain river of skin and muscle flowing over rocks
of bone and hidden nerves.
"Come to me, " she said. "And come inside me for we are
Aquarius and I love you."
I looked at the man sitting in the chair. He was not smiling
and he did not look sad.
I took off my shoes and all my clothes. The man did not
say a word.
The girl's body moved ever so slightly from side to side.
There was nothing else I could do for my body was like
birds sitting on a telephone wire strung out down the world,
clouds tossing the wires carefully.
I laid the girl.
It was like the eternal 59th second when it becomes a minute
and then looks kind of sheepish.
"Good, " the girl said, and kissed me on the face.
The man sat there without speaking or moving or sending
out any emotion into the room. I guess he was rich and owned
3, 859 Rolls Royces.
Afterwards the girl got dressed and she and the man left.
They walked down the stairs and on their way out, I heard
him say his first words.
"Would you like to go to Emie's for dinner?"
"I don't know, " the girl said. "It's a little early to think
about dinner. "
Then I heard the door close and they were gone. I got
dressed and went downstairs. The flesh about my body felt
soft and relaxed like an experiment in functional background
music.
The owner of the bookstore was sitting at his desk behind
the counter. "I'11 tell you what happened up there, " he said,
in a beautiful anti-three-legged-crow voice, in an anti-dandelion
side of the mountain voice.
"What?"I said.
"You fought in the Spanish Civil War. You were a young
Communist from Cleveland, Ohio. She was a painter. A New
York Jew who was sightseeing in the Spanish Civil War as if
it were the Mardi Gras in New Orleans being acted out by
Greek statues.
"She was drawing a picture of a dead anarchist when you
met her. She asked you to stand beside the anarchist and act
as if you had killed him. You slapped her across the face
and said something that would be embarrassing for me to
repeat.
You both fell very much in love.
"Once while you were at the front she read Anatomy of
Melancholy and did 349 drawings of a lemon.
"Your love for each other was mostly spiritual.Neither
one of you performed like millionaires in bed.
"When Barcelona fell, you and she flew to England, and
then took a ship back to New York. Your love for each other
remained in Spain. It was only a war love. You loved only
yourselves, loving each other in Spain during the war. On
the Atlantic you were different toward each other and became
every day more and more like people lost from each other.
"Every wave on the Atlantic was like a dead seagull dragging
its driftwood artillery from horizon to horizon.
"When the ship bumped up against America, you departed
without saying anything and never saw each other again. The
last I heard of you, you were still living in Philadelphia. "
"That's what you think happened up there?" I said.
"Partly, " he said. "Yes, that's part of it. "
He took out his pipe and filled it with tobacco and lit it.
"Do you want me to tell you what else happened up there?"
he said.
"Go ahead."
"You crossed the border into Mexico, " he said. "You
rode your horse into a small town. The people knew who
you were and they were afraid of you. They knew you had
killed many men with that gun you wore at your side. The
town itself was so small that it didn't have a priest.
"When the rurales saw you, they left the town. Tough as
they were, they did not want to have anything to do with you.
The rurales left.
You became the most powerful man in town.
You were seduced by a thirteen-year-old girl, and you
and she lived together in an adobe hut, and practically all
you did was make love.
"She was slender and had long dark hair. You made love
standing, sitting, lying on the dirt floor with pigs and chickens
around you. The walls, the floor and even the roof of the
hut were coated with your sperm and her come.
"You slept on the floor at night and used your sperm for
a pillow and her come for a blanket.
"The people in the town were so afraid of you that they
could do nothing.
"After a while she started going around town without any
clothes on, and the people of the town said that it was not a
good thing, and when you started going around without any
clothes, and when both of you began making love on the back
of your horse in the middle of the zocalo, the people of the
town became so afraid that they abandoned the town. It's
been abandoned ever since. "People won't live there.
"Neither of you lived to be twenty-one. It was not neces-
sary.
"See, I do know what happened upstairs, " he said. He
smiled at me kindly. His eyes were like the shoelaces of a
harpsichord.
I thought about what happened upstairs.
"You know what I say is the truth, " he said. "For you
saw it with your own eyes and traveled it with your own body.
Finish the book you were reading before you were interrupted.
I'm glad you got laid. "
Once resumed the pages of the book began to speed up
and turn faster and faster until they were spinning like wheels
in the sea.THE AUTOPSY OF
TROUT FISHING IN AMERICA
This is the autopsy of Trout Fishing in America as if Trout
Fishing in America had been Lord Byron and had died in
Missolonghi, Greece, and afterward never saw the shores
of Idaho again, never saw Carrie Creek, Worsewick Hot
Springs, Paradise Creek, Salt Creek and Duck Lake again.
The Autopsy of Trout Fishing in America:
"The body was in excellent state and appeared as one that
had died suddenly of asphyxiation. The bony cranial vault
was opened and the bones of the cranium were found very
hard without any traces of the sutures like the bones of a
person 80 years, so much so that one would have said that
the cranium was formed by one solitary bone. . . . The
meninges were attached to the internal walls of the cranium
so firmly that while sawing the bone around the interior to
detach the bone from the dura the strength of two robust men
was not sufficient. . . . The cerebrum with cerebellum
weighed about six medical pounds. The kidneys were very
large but healthy and the urinary bladder was relatively
small. "
On May 2, 1824, the body of Trout Fishing in America
left Missolonghi by ship destined to arrive in England on the
evening of June 29, 1824.
Trout Fishing in America's body was preserved in a cask
holding one hundred-eighty gallons of spirits: 0, a long way
from Idaho, a long way from Stanley Basin, Little Redfish
Lake, the Big Lost River and from Lake Josephus and the
Big Wood River.WORSEWICK
Worsewick Hot Springs was nothing fancy. Somebody put some
boards across the creek. That was it.
The boards dammed up the creek enough to form a huge
bathtub there, and the creek flowed over the top of the boards,
invited like a postcard to the ocean a thousand miles away.
As I said Worsewick was nothing fancy, not like the
places where the swells go. There were no buildings around.
We saw an old shoe lying by the tub.
The hot springs came down off a hill and where they flowed
there was a bright orange scum through the sagebrush. The
hot springs flowed into the creek right there at the tub and
that' s where it was nice.
We parked our car on the dirt road and went down and took
off our clothes, then we took off the baby's clothes, and the
deerflies had at us until we got into the water, and then they
stopped.
There was a green slime growing around the edges of the
tub and there were dozens of dead fish floating in our bath.
Their bodies had been turned white by death, like frost on
iron doors. Their eyes were large and stiff.
The fish had made the mistake of going down the creek too
far and ending up in hot water, singing, "When you lose your
money, learn to lose."
We played and relaxed in the water. The green slime and
the dead fish played and relaxed with us and flowed out over
us and entwined themselves about us.
Splashing around in that hot water with my woman, I began
to get ideas, as they say. After a while I placed my body in
such a position in the water that the baby could not see my
hard-on.
I did this by going deeper and deeper in the water, like a
dinosaur, and letting the green slime and dead fish cover me
over.
My woman took the baby out of the water and gave her a
bottle and put her back in the car. The baby was tired. It was
really time for her to take a nap.
My woman took a blanket out of the car and covered up the
windows that faced the hot springs. She put the blanket ontop
of the car and then lay rocks on the blanket to hold it in place.
I remember her standing there by the car.
Then she came back to the water, and the deerflies were
at her, and then it was my turn. After a while she said, "I
don't have my diaphragm with me and besides it wouldn't
work in the water, anyway. I think it's a good idea if you
don't come inside me. What do you think?"
I thought this over and said all right. I didn't want any
more kids for a long time. The green slime and dead fish
were all about our bodies.
I remember a dead fish floated under her neck. I waited
for it to come up on the other side, and it came up on the
other side.
Worsewick was nothing fancy.
Then I came, and just cleared her in a split secondlike
an airplane in the movies, pulling out of a nosedive and sail-
ing over the roof of a school.
My sperm came out into the water, unaccustomed to the
light, and instantly it became a misty, stringy kind of thing
and swirled out like a falling star, and I saw a dead fishcome
forward and float into my sperm, bending it in the middle.
His eyes were stiff like iron.THE HUNCHBACK TROUT
The creek was made narrow by little green trees that grew
too close together. The creek was like 12, 845 telephone
booths in a row with high Victorian ceilings and all the doors
taken off and all the backs of the booths knocked out.
Sometimes when I went fishing in there, I felt just like a
telephone repairman, even though I did not look like one. I
was only a kid covered with fishing tackle, but in some
strange way by going in there and catching a few trout, I
kept the telephones in service. I was an asset to society.
It was pleasant work, but at times it made me uneasy.
It could grow dark in there instantly when there were some
clouds in the sky and they worked their way onto the sun.
Then you almost needed candles to fish by, and foxfire in
your reflexes.
Once I was in there when it started raining. It was dark
and hot and steamy. I was of course on overtime. I had that
going in my favor. I caught seven trout in fifteen minutes.
The trout in those telephone booths were good fellows.
There were a lot of young cutthroat trout six to nine inches
long, perfect pan size for local calls. Sometimes there
were a few fellows, eleven inches or so--for the long dis-
tance calls.
I've always liked cutthroat trout. They put up a good fight,
running against the bottom and then broad jumping. Under
their throats they fly the orange banner of Jack the Ripper.
Also in the creek were a few stubborn rainbow trout, sel-
dom heard from, but there all the same, like certified pub-
lic accountants. I'd catch one every once in a while. They
were fat and chunky, almost as wide as they were long. I've
heard those trout called "squire" trout.
It used to take me about an hour to hitchhike to that creek.
There was a river nearby. The river wasn't much. The creek
was where I punched in. Leaving my card above the clock
I'd punch out again when it was time to go home.
I remember the afternoon I caught the hunchback trout.
A farmer gave me a ride in a truck. He picked me up at
a traffic signal beside a bean field and he never said a word
to me.
His stopping and picking me up and driving me down the
road was as automatic a thing to him as closing the barn
door, nothing need be said about it, but still I was in motion
traveling thirty-five miles an hour down the road, watching
houses and groves of trees go by, watching chickens and
mailboxes enter and pass through my vision.
Then I did not see any houses for a while. "This is where
I get out, " I said.
The farmer nodded his head. The truck stopped.
"Thanks a lot, " I said.
The farmer did not ruin his audition for the Metropolitan
Opera by making a sound. He just nodded his head again.
The truck started up. He was the original silent old farmer.
A little while later I was punching in at the creek. I put
my card above the clock and went into that long tunnel of
telephone booths.
I waded about seventy-three telephone booths in. I caught
two trout in a little hole that was like a wagon wheel. It was
one of my favorite holes, and always good for a trout or two.
I always like to think of that hole as a kind of pencil
sharpener. I put my reflexes in and they came back out with
a good point on them. Over a period of a couple of years, I
must have caught fifty trout in that hole, though it was only
as big as a wagon wheel.
I was fishing with salmon eggs and using a size 14 single
egg hook on a pound and a quarter test tippet. The two trout
lay in my creel covered entirely by green ferns ferns made
gentle and fragile by the damp walls of telephone booths.
The next good place was forty-five telephone booths in.
The place was at the end of a run of gravel, brown and slip-
pery with algae. The run of gravel dropped off and disap-
peared at a little shelf where there were some white rocks.
One of the rocks was kind of strange. It was a flat white
rock. Off by itself from the other rocks, it reminded me
of a white cat I had seen in my childhood.
The cat had fallen or been thrown off a high wooden side-
walk that went along the side of a hill in Tacoma, Washing-
ton. The cat was lying in a parking lot below.
The fall had not appreciably helped the thickness of the
cat, and then a few people had parked their cars on the cat.
Of course, that was a long time ago and the cars looked dif-
ferent from the way they look now.
You hardly see those cars any more. They are the old
cars. They have to get off the highway because they can't
keep up.
That flat white rock off by itself from the other rocks
reminded me of that dead cat come to lie there in the creek,
among 12, 845 telephone booths.
I threw out a salmon egg and let it drift down over that
rock and WHAM! a good hit! and I had the fish on and it ran
hard downstream, cutting at an angle and staying deep and
really coming on hard, solid and uncompromising, and then
the fish jumped and for a second I thought it was a frog. I'd
never seen a fish like that before.
God-damn ! What the hell!
The fish ran deep again and I could feel its life energy
screaming back up the line to my hand. The line felt like
sound. It was like an ambulance siren coming straight at
me, red light flashing, and then going away again and then
taking to the air and becoming an air-raid siren.
The fish jumped a few more times and it still looked like
a frog, but it didn't have any legs. Then the fish grew tired
and sloppy, and I swung and splashed it up the surface of
the creek and into my net.
The fish was a twelve-inch rainbow trout with a huge hump
on its back. A hunchback trout. The first I'd ever seen. The
hump was probably due to an injury that occurred when the
trout was young. Maybe a horse stepped on it or a tree fell
over in a storm or its mother spawned where they were
building a bridge.
There was a fine thing about that trout. I only wish I could
have made a death mask of him. Not of his body though, but
of his energy. I don't know if anyone would have understood
his body. I put it in my creel.
Later in the afternoon when the telephone booths began to
grow dark at the edges, I punched out of the creek and went
home. I had that hunchback trout for dinner. Wrapped in
cornmeal and fried in butter, its hump tasted sweet as the
kisses of Esmeralda.THE PUDDING MASTER OF
STANLEY BASIN
Tree, snow and rock beginnings, the mountain in back of the
lake promised us eternity, but the lake itself was filled with
thousands of silly minnows, swimming close to the shore
and busy putting in hours of Mack Sennett time.
The minnows were an Idaho tourist attraction. They
should have been made into a National Monument. Swimming
close to shore, like children they believed in their own im-
mortality .
A third-year student in engineering at the University of
Montana attempted to catch some of the minnows but he went
about it all wrong. So did the children who came on the
Fourth of July weekend.
The children waded out into the lake and tried to catch the
minnows with their hands. They also used milk cartons and
plastic bags. They presented the lake with hours of human
effort. Their total catch was one minnow. It jumped out of a
can full of water on their table and died under the table, gasp-
ing for watery breath while their mother fried eggs on the
Coleman stove.
The mother apologized. She was supposed to be watching
the fish --THIS IS MY EARTHLY FAILURE-- holding the
dead fish by the tail, the fish taking all the bows like a young
Jewish comedian talking about Adlai Stevenson.
The third-year student in engineering at the University of
Montana took a tin can and punched an elaborate design of
holes in the can, the design running around and around in
circles, like a dog with a fire hydrant in its mouth. Then he
attached some string to the can and put a huge salmon egg
and a piece of Swiss cheese in the can. After two hours of
intimate and universal failure he went back to Missoula,
Montana.
The woman who travels with me discovered the best way
to catch the minnows. She used a large pan that had in its
bottom the dregs of a distant vanilla pudding. She put the
pan in the shallow water along the shore and instantly, hun-
dreds of minnows gathered around. Then, mesmerized by
the vanilla pudding, they swam like a children's crusade
into the pan. She caught twenty fish with one dip. She put
the pan full of fish on the shore and the baby played with
the fish for an hour.
We watched the baby to make sure she was just leaning
on them a little. We didn't want her to kill any of them be-
cause she was too young.
Instead of making her furry sound, she adapted rapidly
to the difference between animals and fish, and was soon
making a silver sound.
She caught one of the fish with her hand and looked at it
for a while. We took the fish out of her hand and put it back
into the pan. After a while she was putting the fish back by
herself.
Then she grew tired of this. She tipped the pan over and
a dozen fish flopped out onto the shore. The children's game
and the banker's game, she picked up those silver things,
one at a time, and put them back in the pan. There was still
a little water in it. The fish liked this. You could tell.
When she got tired of the fish, we put them back in the
lake, and they were all quite alive, but nervous. I doubt if
they will ever want vanilla pudding again.A RETURN TO THE COVER OF
THIS BOOK
Dear Trout Fishing in America:
I met your friend Fritz in Washington Square. He told me
to tell you that his case went to a jury and that he was acquit-
ted by the jury.
He said that it was important for me to say that his case
went to a jury and that he was acquitted by the jury,
said it again.
He looked in good shape. He was sitting in the sun. There's
an old San Francisco saying that goes: "It's better to rest in
Washington Square than in the California Adult Authority. "
How are things in New York?
Yours,
"An Ardent Admirer"
Dear Ardent Admirer:
It's good to hear that Fritz isn't in jail. He was very wor-
ried about it. The last time I was in San Francisco, he told
me he thought the odds were 10-1 in favor of him going away.
I told him to get a good lawyer. It appears that he followed
my advice and also was very lucky. That's always a good
combination.
You asked about New York and New York is very hot.
I'm visiting some friends, a young burglar and his wife.
He's unemployed and his wife is working as a cocktail wait-
ress. He's been looking for work but I fear the worst.
It was so hot last night that I slept with a wet sheet wrapped
around myself, trying to keep cool. I felt like a mental patient.
I woke up in the middle of the night and the room was filled
with steam rising off the sheet, and there was jungle stuff,
abandoned equipment and tropical flowers, on the floor and
on the furniture.
I took the sheet into the bathroom and plopped it into the
tub and turned the cold water on it. Their dog came in and
started barking at me.
The dog barked so loud that the bathroom was soon filled
with dead people. One of them wanted to use my wet sheet
for a shroud. I said no, and we got into a big argument over
it and woke up the Puerto Ricans in the next apartment, and
they began pounding on the walls.
The dead people all left in a huff. "We know when we're
not wanted, " one of them said.
"You're damn tootin'," I said.
I've had enough.
I' m going to get out of New York. Tomorrow I'm leaving for
Alaska. I'm going to find an ice-cold creek near the Arctic
where that strange beautiful moss grows and spend a week
with the grayling. My address will be, Trout Fishing in Ameri-
ca, c/o General Delivery, Fairbanks, Alaska.
Your friend,
Trout Fishing in America
THE LAKE JOSEPHUS DAYS
We left Little Redfish for Lake Josephus, traveling along the
good names--from Stanley to Capehorn to Seafoam to the
Rapid River, up Float Creek, past the Greyhound Mine and
then to Lake Josephus, and a few days after that up the trail
to Hell-diver Lake with the baby on my shoulders and a good
limit of trout waiting in Hell-diver.
Knowing the trout would wait there like airplane tickets
for us to come, we stopped at Mushroom Springs and had a
drink of cold shadowy water and some photographs taken of
the baby and me sitting together on a log.
I hope someday we'll have enough money to get those pic-
tures developed. Sometimes I get curious about them, won-
dering if they will turn out all right. They are in suspension
now like seeds in a package. I'll be older when they are de-
veloped and easier to please. Look there's the baby ! Look
there's Mushroom Springs ! Look there's me !
I caught the limit of trout within an hour of reaching Hell-
diver, and my woman, in all the excitement of good fishing,
let the baby fall asleep directly in the sun and when the baby
woke up, she puked and I carried her back down the trail.
My woman trailed silently behind, carrying the rods and
the fish. The baby puked a couple more times, thimblefuls
of gentle lavender vomit, but still it got on my clothes, and
her face was hot and flushed.
We stopped at Mushroom Springs. I gave her a small
drink of water, not too much, and rinsed the vomit taste out
of her mouth. Then I wiped the puke off my clothes and for
some strange reason suddenly it was a perfect time, there
at Mushroom Springs, to wonder whatever happened to the
Zoot suit.
Along with World War II and the Andrews Sisters, the
Zoot suit had been very popular in the early 40s. I guess
they were all just passing fads.
A sick baby on the trail down from Hell-diver, July 1961,
is probably a more important question. It cannot be left to
go on forever, a sick baby to take her place in the galaxy,
among the comets, bound to pass close to the earth every
173 years.
She stopped puking after Mushroom Springs, and I carried
her back down along the path in and out of the shadows and
across other nameless springs, and by the time we got down
to Lake Josephus, she was all right.
She was soon running around with a big cutthroat trout in
her hands, carrying it like a harp on her way to a concert--
ten minutes late with no bus in sight and no taxi eitherSANDBOX MINUS JOHN
DILLINGER EQUALS WHAT?
Often I return to the cover of Trout Fishing in America. I
took the baby and went down there this morning. They were
watering the cover with big revolving sprinklers. I saw some
bread lying on the grass. It had been put there to feed the
pigeons.
The old Italians are always doing things like that. The
bread had been turned to paste by the water and was squashed
flat against the grass. Those dopey pigeons were waiting until
the water and grass had chewed up the bread for them, so
they wouldn't have to do it themselves.
I let the baby play in the sandbox and I sat down on a bench
and looked around. There was a beatnik sitting at the other
end -of the bench. He had his sleeping bag beside him and he
was eating apple turnovers. He had a huge sack of apple turn-
overs and he was gobbling them down like a turkey. It was
probably a more valid protest than picketing missile bases.
The baby played in the sandbox. She had on a red dress
and the Catholic church was towering up behind her red dress.
There was a brick john between her dress and the church. It
was there by no accident. Ladies to the left and gents to the
right.
A red dress, I thought. Wasn't the woman who set John
Dillinger up for the FBI wearing a red dress? They called
her "The Woman in Red. "
It seemed to me that was right. It was a red dress, but so
far, John Dillinger was nowhere in sight. my daughter
played alone in the sandbox.
Sandbox minus John Dillinger equals what?
The beatnik went and got a drink of water from the fountain
that was crucified on the wall of the brick john, more toward
the gents than the ladies. He had to wash all those apple turn-
overs down his throat.
There were three sprinklers going in the park. There was
one in front of the Benjamin Franklin statue and one to the
side of him and one just behind him. They were all turning in
circles. I saw Benjamin Franklin standing there patiently
through the water.
The sprinkler to the side of Benjamin Franklin hit the left-
hand tree. It sprayed hard against the trunk and knocked some
leaves down from the tree, and then it hit the center tree,
sprayed hard against the trunk and more leaves fell. Then it
sprayed against Benjamin Franklin, the water shot out to the
sides of the stone and a mist drifted down off the water. Ben-
jamin Franklin got his feet wet.
The sun was shining down hard on me. The sun was bright
and hot. After a while the sun made me think of my own dis-
comfort. The only shade fell on the beatnik.
The shade came down off the Lillie Hitchcock Colt statue
of some metal fireman saving a metal broad from a mental
fire. The beatnik now lay on the bench and the shade was two
feet longer than he was.
A friend of mine has written a poem about that statue. God-
damn, I wish he would write another poem about that statue,
SO it would give me some shade two feet longer than my body.
I was right about "The Woman in Red, " because ten min-
utes later they blasted John Dillinger down in the sandbox.
The sound of the machine-gun fire startled the pigeons and
they hurried on into the church.
My daughter was seen leaving in a huge black car shortly
after that. She couldn't talk yet, but that didn't make any dif-
ference. The red dress did it all.
John Dillinger's body lay half in and half out of the sand-
box, more toward the ladies than the gents. He was leaking
blood like those capsules we used to use with oleomargarine,
in those good old days when oleo was white like lard.
The huge black car pulled out and went up the street, bat-
light shining off the top. It stopped in front of the ice-cream
parlor at Filbert and Stockton.
An agent got out and went in and bought two hundred
double-decker ice-cream cones. He needed a wheelbarrow
to get them back to the car.And now, when poets are singing
Their songs of olden days,
And now, when the land is ringing
With sweet Centennial lays,
My muse goes wandering backward,
To the groundwork of all these,
To the time when our Pilgrim Fathers
Came over the winter seas.
The sons of a mighty kingdom,
Of a cultured folk were they;
Born amidst pomp and splendor,
Bred in it day by day.
Children of bloom and beauty,
Reared under skies serene,
Where the daisy and hawthorne blossomed,
And the ivy was always green.
And yet, for the sake of freedom,
For a free religious faith,
They turned from home and people,
And stood face to face with death.
They turned from a tyrant ruler,
And stood on the new world's shore,
With a waste of waters behind them,
And a waste of land before.
O, men of a great Republic;
Of a land of untold worth;
Of a nation that has no equal
Upon God's round green earth:
I hear you sighing and crying
Of the hard, close times at hand;
What think you of those old heroes,
On the rock 'twixt sea and land?
The bells of a million churches
Go ringing out to-night,
And the glitter of palace windows
Fills all the land with light;
And there is the home and college,
And here is the feast and ball,
And the angels of peace and freedom
Are hovering over all.
They had no church, no college,
No banks, no mining stock;
They had but the waste before them,
The sea, and Plymouth Rock.
But there in the night and tempest,
With gloom on every hand,
They laid the first foundation
Of a nation great and grand.
There were no weak repinings,
No shrinking from what might be,
But with their brows to the tempest,
And with their backs to the sea,
They planned out a noble future,
And planted the corner stone
Of the grandest, greatest republic,
The world has ever known.
O women in homes of splendor,
O lily-buds frail and fair,
With fortunes upon your fingers,
And milk-white pearls in your hair:
I hear you longing and sighing
For some new, fresh delight;
But what of those Pilgrim mothers
On that December night?
I hear you talking of hardships,
I hear you moaning of loss;
Each has her fancied sorrow,
Each bears her self-made cross.
But they, they had only their husbands,
The rain, the rock, and the sea,
Yet, they looked up to God and blessed Him,
And were glad because they were free.
O grand old Pilgrim heroes,
O souls that were tried and true,
With all of our proud possessions
We are humbled at thought of you:
Men of such might and muscle,
Women so brave and strong,
Whose faith was fixed as the mountain,
Through a night so dark and long.
We know of your grim, grave errors,
As husbands and as wives;
Of the rigid bleak ideas
That starved your daily lives;
Of pent-up, curbed emotions,
Of feelings crushed, suppressed,
That God with the heart created
In every human breast;
We know of that little remnant
Of British tyranny,
When you hunted Quakers and witches,
And swumg them from a tree;
Yet back to a holy motive,
To live in the fear of God,
To a purpose, high, exalted,
To walk where martyrs trod,
We can trace your gravest errors;
Your aim was fixed and sure,
And e'en if your acts were fanatic,
We know your hearts were pure.
You lived so near to heaven,
You over-reached your trust,
And deemed yourselves creators,
Forgetting you were but dust.
But we with our broader visions,
With our wider realm of thought,
I often think would be better
If we lived as our fathers taught.
Their lives seemed bleak and rigid,
Narrow, and void of bloom;
Our minds have too much freedom,
And conscience too much room.
They over-reached in duty,
They starved their hearts for the right;
We live too much in the senses,
We bask too long in the light.
They proved by their clinging to Him
The image of God in man;
And we, by our love of license,
Strengthen a Darwin's plan.
But bigotry reached its limit,
And license must have its sway,
And both shall result in profit
To those of a latter day.
With the fetters of slavery broken,
And freedom's flag unfurled,
Our nation strides onward and upward,
And stands the peer of the world.
Spires and domes and steeples,
Glitter from shore to shore;
The waters are white with commerce,
The earth is studded with ore;
Peace is sitting above us,
And Plenty with laden hand,
Wedded to sturdy Labor,
Goes singing through the land.
Then let each child of the nation,
Who glories in being free,
Remember the Pilgrim Fathers
Who stood on the rock by the sea;
For there in the rain and tempest
Of a night long passed away,
They sowed the seeds of a harvest
We gather in sheaves to-day.Once a shiny nation was established ‘cross the sea
Smelted out of blood and sweat, to guarantee all men be free
Escaping religious tyranny, they traveled to a new land so
That their future generations could worship God you know
As the promises of freedom did themselves unwind
The colonies together, forged a new documental mind
They appealed to the Supreme Judge, The Creator their fathers knew
Asking The Divine Providence, for the protection due
They sent to all concerned, a great message far and wide
Just how the King of Britain, was raping liberties for pride
They'd asked only for equality, entitled under Nature's God
Some Represent to Parliament, for laws considered odd
But when the document was given its final show
The Colonial Congress, decided compromise would flow
Stripping the Declaration of one, very justifiable act
To obtain unanimous vote, left slavery intact
The great Revolution, as it soon came to be called
Brought new hope to the free world, its being oceanic walled
But soon was the Confederation, in dire need of something new
A stronger central government, with constitution too
In The Constitution, many forefathers did frame
The working of government and our protection from the same
Being left within all there still stood, human slavery at the back
Which God himself would not approve, and no one would attack
Some would say it was strange, that fifty years to the day
Jefferson and Adams died, on the Fourth of July God's way
Be it eighty seven years later, Gettysburg Battlefield lay dead
Where many men consecrated, the land in their blood red
Since the fourth of sixty, our flag has carried fifty
The states in which we reside, twenty-twelve marks one-fifty
From the start of that great Civil War, that we here too must fight a new
Because injustice has been done, Rights for the unborn too
To compromise may seem the best to leave it lay at rest
But to The Lord of Heaven, He'll place you to His test
< br>
When reading The Declaration of Independence, I was amazed at the four references made to the Supreme Being. I found it quite interesting that this document written by Thomas Jefferson, with minor changes made by Benjamin Franklin and John Adams contained the words: Nature's God, Creator, Supreme Judge and Divine Providence (notice the capitalization referring to a specific one) . It was addressed to the world but made its appeal to the Supreme Judge (not the king of England nor The Pope, but someone higher) . After more minor changes by the delegates, including deleting a section condemning slavery, it was unanimously approved. Just think, thousands of lives could have been saved (i.e. no Civil War)      along with a totally free Union, if that section would have remained and not been compromised just to get a unanimous vote.
Does not the same thing happen today? Does not the party with morals continue to compromise with the idiots? If the idiots wish for chaos, welfare, etc... Let them do it elsewhere, No More Compromising!
< br>
america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america america americaAll hail to thee, noble and generous Land!
With thy prairies boundless and wide,
Thy mountains that tower like sentinels grand,
Thy lakes and thy rivers of pride!
Thy forests that hide in their dim haunted shades
New flowers of loveliness rare—
Thy fairy like dells and thy bright golden glades,
Thy warm skies as Italy’s fair.
Here Plenty has lovingly smiled on the soil,
And ’neath her sweet, merciful reign
The brave and long suff’ring children of toil
Need labor no longer in vain.
I ask of thee shelter from lawless harm,
Food—raiment—and promise thee now,
In return, the toil of a stalwart arm,
And the sweat of an honest brow.
But think not, I pray, that this heart is bereft
Of fond recollections of home;
That I e’er can forget the dear land I have left
In the new one to which I have come.
Oh no! far away in my own sunny isle
Is a spot my affection worth,
And though dear are the scenes that around me now smile,
More dear is the place of my birth!
There hedges of hawthorn scent the sweet air,
And, thick as the stars of the night,
The daisy and primrose, with flow’rets as fair,
Gem that soil of soft verdurous light.
And there points the spire of my own village church,
That long has braved time’s iron power,
With its bright glitt’ring cross and ivy wreathed porch—
Sure refuge in sorrow’s dark hour!
Whilst memory lasts think not e’er from this breast
Can pass the fond thoughts of my home:
No! I ne’er can forget the land I have left
In the new one to which I have come!McCain, McCain, you are running in vain!
And you are in this national drama,
how hillariously (!)  funny and a little insane,
cheer the pigmented warrior Obama.
In the background old Bill, who is over the hill
lusts to get a new student like 'winsky,
with a Cuban cigar and a muffin to fill
like a film by director Klaus Kinski.
And I say, take the lot and fly up to the moon
blast the gangsters into smithereens,
we don't need here on earth, a demented baboon
nor a humper who's searching for queens.
Let the first who has cast his own spell on the land
be the chief and commander for all
it won't matter a bit as we do understand
very soon this great country will fall.The game players of America,
Are first bred in our neighborhoods.
They are conditioned to be gangsters,
Crooks and hoodlums.
And put on trial for their criminal denials.
The game players of America,
Are taught to deceive, lie and cheat.
Hussel stolen goods on urban streets.
Go to some church to pray and sing.
And on Wednesdays study Bible verse...
To enable them to be forgiven,
For the sins upon themselves they bring.
The game players of America,
Are part Hollywood mixed with truth.
Part naïve, innocent and uncouth.
And mentally driven to anything falsified that shines.
Conditioned with materialistic mindsets.
And quick to claim what is theirs...
With a factor that begins,
With a carelessness most times.
The game players of America,
Can be said to be thoughtless, rude and self indulgent.
But if they are not into the game to win...
Losing for them,
Becomes a taxpayers involvement.
And high are taxes found,
In cities or towns...
Where they are not known to go down!
Like the blood that's shed and spread on the ground.
However...
Rose colored glasses,
Are on the eyes of everyone.
Distributed free at birth!
And religiously worn.
Whether folks are conducting daily business...
Or hiding behind them hypocritically in some church!This is the greatest thing in North America:
Europe is the greatest thing in North America!
High in the sky, dark in the heart, and always there
Among the natural powers of sunlight and of air,
Changing, second by second, shifting and changing the
light,
Bring fresh rain to the stone of the library steps.
Under the famous names upon the pediment:
Thales, Aristotle,
Cicero, Augustine, Scotus, Galileo,
Joseph, Odysseus, Hamlet, Columbus and Spinoza,
Anna Karenina, Alyosha Karamazov, Sherlock Holmes.
And the last three also live upon the silver screen
Three blocks away, in moonlight's artificial day,
A double bill in the darkened palace whirled,
And the veritable glittering light of the turning world's
Burning mind and blazing imagination, showing, day by
day
And week after week the desires of the heart and mind
Of all the living souls yearning everywhere
From Canada to Panama, from Brooklyn to Paraguay,
From Cuba to Vancouver, every afternoon and every night.W orld renowned political figure
I ntellectual person, a vigorous leader
L eadership is the key to your success
L oving, caring, generous, a religious man
I ndustrious, incredibly lucky, great ability, a glorious victory
A lways a devoted man to your family and country
M an with guts, your dreams came true J ust only a man of integrity can make this nation great again
E nergetic, excellent achievements, a successful President
F reedom-fighter, man of the masses, pride of the west
F ormer youngest Governor in America, 1978, of Little Rock, Arkansas, a familiar figure in the political community
E ternal lover, husband, First Lady Madam Hillary Rodham Clinton, Chelsea, charming daughter
R esourceful, reserved, a dignified man
S axophonist, a talented, handsome musician, son of a humble mother, Virginia, a nurse
O nly a man like you can make America safe and a beautiful place to live in
N oble, magnificent, wonderful human being C ommander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of the United States, the most powerful nation in the world
L oyalty to your native land, may God bless you
I  nspiration of the younger generations
N othing is impossible for a man of high caliber like you
T oday, tomorrow and forever, your name, one of the great men in history
O utgoing personality, open and accessible, one of the most extraordinary persons in American history
N ever to forget a gentleman, trustworthy, with a Christian heart.How would you have us, as we are?
Or sinking 'neath the load we bear?
Our eyes fixed forward on a star?
Or gazing empty at despair?
Rising or falling? Men or things?
With dragging pace or footsteps fleet?
Strong, willing sinews in your wings?
Or tightening chains about your feet?I.
Brothers! between you and me
Whirlwinds sweep and billows roar:
Yet in spirit oft I see
On thy wild and winding shore
Freedom’s bloodless banners wave,--
Feel the pulses of the brave
Unextinguished in the grave,--
See them drenched in sacred gore,--
Catch the warrior's gasping breath
Murmuring 'Liberty or death!'
II.
Shout aloud! Let every slave,
Crouching at Corruption's throne,
Start into a man, and brave
Racks and chains without a groan:
And the castle's heartless glow,
And the hovel's vice and woe,
Fade like gaudy flowers that blow--
Weeds that peep, and then are gone
Whilst, from misery's ashes risen,
Love shall burst the captive's prison.
III.
Cotopaxi! bid the sound
Through thy sister mountains ring,
Till each valley smile around
At the blissful welcoming!
And, O thou stern Ocean deep,
Thou whose foamy billows sweep
Shores where thousands wake to weep
Whilst they curse a villain king,
On the winds that fan thy breast
Bear thou news of Freedom's rest!
IV.
Can the daystar dawn of love,
Where the flag of war unfurled
Floats with crimson stain above
The fabric of a ruined world?
Never but to vengeance driven
When the patriot's spirit shriven
Seeks in death its native Heaven!
There, to desolation hurled,
Widowed love may watch thy bier,
Balm thee with its dying tear.Brothers in blood! They who this wrong began
To wreck our commonwealth, will rue the day
When first they challenged freeman to the fray,
And with the Briton dared the American.
Now are we pledged to win the Rights of man:
Labour and Justice now shall have their way,
And in a League of Peace -- God grant we may --
Transform the earth, not patch up the old plan.
Sure is our hope since he who led your nation
Spake for mankind, and ye arose in awe
Of that high call to work the world's salvation;
Clearing your minds of all estrangling blindness
In the vision of Beauty and the Spirit's law,
Freedom and Honour and sweet Lovingkindness.Send but a song oversea for us,
Heart of their hearts who are free,
Heart of their singer, to be for us
More than our singing can be;
Ours, in the tempest at error,
With no light but the twilight of terror;
Send us a song oversea!
Sweet-smelling of pine-leaves and grasses,
And blown as a tree through and through
With the winds of the keen mountain-passes,
And tender as sun-smitten dew;
Sharp-tongued as the winter that shakes
The wastes of your limitless lakes,
Wide-eyed as the sea-line's blue.
O strong-winged soul with prophetic
Lips hot with the bloodheats of song,
With tremor of heartstrings magnetic,
With thoughts as thunders in throng,
With consonant ardours of chords
That pierce men's souls as with swords
And hale them hearing along,
Make us too music, to be with us
As a word from a world's heart warm,
To sail the dark as a sea with us,
Full-sailed, outsinging the storm,
A song to put fire in our ears
Whose burning shall burn up tears,
Whose sign bid battle reform;
A note in the ranks of a clarion,
A word in the wind of cheer,
To consume as with lightning the carrion
That makes time foul for us here;
In the air that our dead things infest
A blast of the breath of the west,
Till east way as west way is clear.
Out of the sun beyond sunset,
From the evening whence morning shall be,
With the rollers in measureless onset,
With the van of the storming sea,
With the world-wide wind, with the breath
That breaks ships driven upon death,
With the passion of all things free,
With the sea-steeds footless and frantic,
White myriads for death to bestride
In the charge of the ruining Atlantic
Where deaths by regiments ride,
With clouds and clamours of waters,
With a long note shriller than slaughter's
On the furrowless fields world-wide,
With terror, with ardour and wonder,
With the soul of the season that wakes
When the weight of a whole year's thunder
In the tidestream of autumn breaks,
Let the flight of the wide-winged word
Come over, come in and be heard,
Take form and fire for our sakes.
For a continent bloodless with travail
Here toils and brawls as it can,
And the web of it who shall unravel
Of all that peer on the plan;
Would fain grow men, but they grow not,
And fain be free, but they know not
One name for freedom and man?
One name, not twain for division;
One thing, not twain, from the birth;
Spirit and substance and vision,
Worth more than worship is worth;
Unbeheld, unadored, undivined,
The cause, the centre, the mind,
The secret and sense of the earth.
Here as a weakling in irons,
Here as a weanling in bands,
As a prey that the stake-net environs,
Our life that we looked for stands;
And the man-child naked and dear,
Democracy, turns on us here
Eyes trembling with tremulous hands
It sees not what season shall bring to it
Sweet fruit of its bitter desire;
Few voices it hears yet sing to it,
Few pulses of hearts reaspire;
Foresees not time, nor forehears
The noises of imminent years,
Earthquake, and thunder, and fire:
When crowned and weaponed and curbless
It shall walk without helm or shield
The bare burnt furrows and herbless
Of war's last flame-stricken field,
Till godlike, equal with time,
It stand in the sun sublime,
In the godhead of man revealed.
Round your people and over them
Light like raiment is drawn,
Close as a garment to cover them
Wrought not of mail nor of lawn;
Here, with hope hardly to wear,
Naked nations and bare
Swim, sink, strike out for the dawn.
Chains are here, and a prison,
Kings, and subjects, and shame;
If the God upon you be arisen,
How should our songs be the same?
How, in confusion of change,
How shall we sing, in a strange
Land, songs praising his name?
God is buried and dead to us,
Even the spirit of earth,
Freedom; so have they said to us,
Some with mocking and mirth,
Some with heartbreak and tears;
And a God without eyes, without ears,
Who shall sing of him, dead in the birth?
The earth-god Freedom, the lonely
Face lightening, the footprint unshod,
Not as one man crucified only
Nor scourged with but one life's rod;
The soul that is substance of nations,
Reincarnate with fresh generations;
The great god Man, which is God.
But in weariest of years and obscurest
Doth it live not at heart of all things,
The one God and one spirit, a purest
Life, fed from unstanchable springs?
Within love, within hatred it is,
And its seed in the stripe as the kiss,
And in slaves is the germ, and in kings.
Freedom we call it, for holier
Name of the soul's there is none;
Surelier it labours if slowlier,
Than the metres of star or of sun;
Slowlier than life into breath,
Surelier than time into death,
It moves till its labour be done.
Till the motion be done and the measure
Circling through season and clime,
Slumber and sorrow and pleasure,
Vision of virtue and crime;
Till consummate with conquering eyes,
A soul disembodied, it rise
From the body transfigured of time.
Till it rise and remain and take station
With the stars of the worlds that rejoice;
Till the voice of its heart's exultation
Be as theirs an invariable voice;
By no discord of evil estranged,
By no pause, by no breach in it changed,
By no clash in the chord of its choice.
It is one with the world's generations,
With the spirit, the star, and the sod;
With the kingless and king-stricken nations,
With the cross, and the chain, and the rod;
The most high, the most secret, most lonely,
The earth-soul Freedom, that only
Lives, and that only is God.Wake up America, Why can’t you see,
An evil is pursuing both you and me,
We must wake up, I issue this plea,
Nations are falling, for all to see.
To conquer the world, is evils desire,
To take away freedoms, for all they acquire,
Not only for us, but their own they require,
To control your life, is their desire.
Wake up America, not later but now,
Religion is used, as their golden plow,
To take your freedoms, to make you bow,
The freedom that’s yours, they will not allow
A religion of many, it’s theirs to choose,
A right that’s fair which they should not loose,
The right to worship, but not to excuse,
A terrorist action and a religion they misuse
Wake up America, before it’s too late,
For one’s you love, and children’s fate,
To choose your life, you cannot abate,
For the sword is thrust, At America’s fate.In America
we are about to vote
on what is to be our political Soul;
Will America finally become reconciled to
and surpass our past
move  through and beyond
20th century capitalism?
whether generations can meet
in between;
whether granddad's view of the past;
his dislikes and loyalties
predominate;
or whether the grandchildren will
say:
'I know granddad what you think
but I just don't think about it that way.'
In every town and hamlet
every suburb and city
the lines form
and the hearts vote
to express
what each soul believes
about what is the best for all of us.
What is Best America?
Or is it what is the best America
for me?
This is not the fork in the road;
this is the new road.
This is no disagreement;
it is a different brain thinking.
All the world is becoming joined.
All the world now
common crisis bound;
wondering
whether to cling to wallet issues
or the ideologue;
whether to accept change or
stay with the comfortable and the known;
whether to continence me and mine
or change to
or join
with those different than me,
those who march away
following that sign
ear-marked 'the future times.'
Demographics plus luck
determines all our fates;
How much progress is it to destroy the planet
for false security and baubles?
What is good a computer which
poisons the soil?
What price the comforts we crave
as we resist
the obvious;
which is we must re-learn simpler ways.
And we can.
Yes, we can.
We cannot afford to
can not
or not can.The first area to look into is those pillars of American success I identified above: Cheap Labor, Cheap Energy, Cheap Food and a country filled with natural resources.
To this list I will now add, a decent birth rate or immigrant flow, small town and technical green enclave investment, income distribution reform, land distribution reforms, banking and financial reforms and a re-thinking of the purposes of an economy.
Cheap labor built this country, from the Chinese coming to lay the track for the railroads, to the Africans working the cotton in the South, to the immigrants from Europe who cleared the land in the west, who worked the factories, fought the wars and made America what it is today. Needless to say the labor scene is not the same today. Cheap labor has been outsourced to other countries.
The American middle class has not only been abandoned but 40% of American savings were taken from them and their homes, their major asset, are now selling for half the purchase price to those very same interests which took the savings and the land.
We are heading for a two class system, therefore, the rich and the poor. Certainly that is the pattern becoming evident in many of our cities. In addition, there is the lack of labor, cheap or otherwise, which is the demographic issue. Americans are not having children, nor are  Europeans and the demographics are becoming clear: By 2050, some demographic studies show, the reproducing populations of Russia, Britain, France and Italy will, in essence, cease to exist and the traditional populations will be replaced by immigrants from other countries. The same trends are evident in the United States as well. Latin American birth rates outstrip those of Americans and demography become destiny, in a flice.
So, as we age in this country, we see a younger population replacing an older one, of a very different stripe. Our children will learn more Spanish in the short-run but English will have resurgence in the next generation. What is to be done in this context is now our challenge.
The first issue in the short run is the economy. The country will, and already has, in certain communities become a two-economy society. Why should I, nor can I, compete for basic living necessities with individuals earning 2-3 times more than I do?
A two-economy solution, whether created or defacto-realized seems inevitable. The rich will likely not be allowed to shop in the second economy where the price of necessities can be artificially raised in a so-called 'free market.' This solution creates a low-cost economy of necessities for those who provide the labor. This makes sense and many do this to survive anyway today. Thrift shops, discount stores, Walmarts all attest to the fact that the middle class cannot afford middle class and upper middle class prices.
The second pillar of revamping the labor force (the one above creates an economy which works for them)  is to have that labor force become more self-sufficient and not be susceptible to being wiped out by Wall Street machinations and global trends in far away countries. This means the re-claiming of productive land and small towns where they can be supportive of a laboring population. Bartering, co-ops, low living costs, plus a land reform policy can make the country side more productive and sustainable especially in the context of greening these small towns to produce energy for re-sale to the grid.
Believe it or not Detroit is trying this approach. Tear the detoriated buildings down, down-size the city, allow for population loss, put in self-sufficient gardening and farming plots, bring in technological enclaves. This is an admission that the city model does not work, at least in Detroit.
Now you have idle workers in small towns all over the country. We can make those small towns productive with massive investments. How you say is that possible? More tomorrow.
February 18,2010 - Survival Chapter Three
As I have stated elsewhere our children, will not be able to afford the suburban home of the past.
In the cities they will be forced and are, already, living three to five a house or apartment. High unemployment will remain with us and a revamping of the economy from a service emphasis to a new high-tech, green emphasis will take time. What to do. Here are a few modest proposals about what to do with the labor force, idle out there and hurting.
1-Create a massive internal peace corp. Put people to work re-vamping small towns for their change-over to a more self-sustaining model. This includes local organic food stuffs, grown and consumed. Free up land for this purpose. People will grow gardens. Put money into green training and irrigation projects. Bring people languishing unproductively in the cities back into these very same small towns. Bring back and support local and regional banks and co-ops of various kinds, crops, loans, machinery, techno co-ops can work if local.
Remember what happens when we allow Wall Street to become our bankers? . Take those same highly educated city grads, currently living five to an apartment, and give them money to go back home to their own small towns, or others to help set up the infrastructure need to fuel this internal peace corp re-generation of America. Move people out of the cities with incentives to go back to the small town or the medium sized town. We have technology now where we don't need to congregate in cities to be productive, that was an industrial model where you needed the labor force close and available near ports and transportation hubs. We don't need this so much in this post industrial era. Has this model been tried? Sure. Dependent wage-earners in the city are an economic failure. We should admit it and go local and regional.
The poor won't be poor if they are given the means to access the basics of life. The middle class can revert to the community help model that is still in place in many small towns, and has been for centuries. After all, most of the world was a small town model until populations were forced into the cities to serve the needs of robber barons.
Now the second aspect of reform is to take the technological enclaves I have described and integrate them into what I have described above. I have noted that much of the information revolution is actually driven by a few high skilled enclaves around the world and by relatively few people. They are Silicon valley-like enclaves in California, China, Singapore, France, Germany, Hong-Kong etc. These enclaves are small towns where participants know one another and exchange ideas. This is the second model of small town regeneration. These type two small towns are to be in contact with type one small towns and can become training cadres for small town re-generation. How? Give them tax breaks to do so and guess what they will have at their disposal; cheap labor from the sources we identified above. That is what we need to do in the short run, town by town.
So we have a new source of cheap labor, idle now but can become productive again. Empty the cities, get people out of what are inefficient enclaves and get them to places where the population can begin to benefit itself not a few hundred thousand rich souls who control city life.
Ah, not possible you say? The choice here is stark: Either we organize this new re-generation by planful means or it will occur in an unplanned way, which is to say people abandoning the cities and invading the country side looking for the means to survive. Be mindful here that any disaster of any meaningful proportions will initiate this process anyway and we will not have planned for it
A last stark fact: The average grocer has three days worth of food on the shelves. People will invade the country side looking for food and this will be the plan I just discussed being initiated the hard way. And that is ugly.
The collapse of centralized authority, unplanned, happened with the collapse of the Roman Empire, initiating the Dark Ages, happened, in fact, in the bible as I have argued above, and happened with the collapse of Egyptian rule in Canaan. It happened with Katrina. Any breakdown from natural or man-made sources will create the pattern I describe above.
February 22,2010 'What Does America Need To Survive? ' Chapter 4
Have there been other examples of civilizations abandoning the city as unworkable; or central authority collasping, of abandoning empire as unworkable? The Mayans abandoned pyramid building, the Greeks, the Babylonians, the French, the British, the Romans, countless examples. Most large scale centralized authority systems fall down. They are not generally pulled down. The most recent example is that of the Russians who abandoned their empire as unworkable.
It is part of a normal pattern.
So now to get to the detail. Include the army in the small town regeneration project, along with the young and the college-educated. Many of them have ties to these small towns and it would be a home coming. Have the technological enclaves close by with small towns providing labor in exchange for training. Isn't that what the Army does anyway? Focus efforts in regeneration on greening and self-sufficiency. These would be key. This would mean small truck farms, wind, solar and the techno-enclave would be in proximity. And, ultimately, able to produce energy for the gird.
Of course, there will be a fight over the land. Currently developers, banks, railroads, utilities and the US government own most of the land in the country. There would have to be a new land use policy. Survival is at stake. But the fight could be won because small states dominate in the US Senate and a deal could be struck because their states would benefit from such a plan.
Think of it. Most of the wasted resources in this country are utilized keeping the cities afloat. They are not economic, crime ridden, have no real products they produce, have teeming unemployment looming and bound to get worse and net resource wasters. They demand massive investments in transportation, food, energy and give little back in terms of long-term sustainability. Young people, the idle, the technologically advanced are better utilized on the country-side landscape. Just a thought.
So cheap labor is possible to put back into the American equation. As I am fond of saying, this will happen well and planned or ill-planned and ugly.
February 26,2010 'Survive'
The next item in tandem is cheap energy. Above we have mentioned wind and solar. We add to the list battery power, and nuclear power. There are ideas around the idea of clean coal and cheap oil, but we are better off looking at fuel substitutes that include vegetable oils and other grain based fuels. At the very least stockpiles ought to be created for the emergencies which will surely come in the future. But will all this be enough, timely and efficient in the face of climate change, aging populations, declining incomes, looming depression, and political paralysis? Such timing is critical, the answer is unknown. However, we have no choice in the energy field; we must act as if we will succeed. The overall goal is clear; create a society which city and country-side produce net energy give-backs to the grid.
Friends of mine stated part of the problem succinctly, “Why re-build an outmoded infrastructure; build the new one directly.'
On the energy level the task is a delicate one: We have to build the boat we are sailing to Europe on while sailing to Europe. The reason that this is even to be looked at is that you can do this if you build the boat as a series of rafts strung together. Those rafts are small towns. Seen this way, it is possible to accomplish the task. Of course there is not enough money in the world to re-build the old infrastructure, but a green infra-structure is possible under scenarios I outline below. That structure is cheaper in the long run, more competitive, locally controlled and has cheaper labor costs, as I have outlined above.
The next issue is cheap food. America has long been the bread basket of the world but that small-farmer model of production has long been replaced by big agriculture which now means genetic farming where corn itself has reduced strains available and many of them owned, repeat, owned by the Monsanto's of the world. It is illegal to grow the corn without their permission. This, of course, changes the cheap food equation. If grain seed and indeed water, and the very air can become private property then the house of cards will collapse. Clearly this system is not sustainable and is not viable as a public good.
Re-generation will have to be accompanied by a re-thinking of who owns food grains. Who owns water, land, air? It is instructive to even have to discuss these issues this way. What hath progress wrought?
How can food be re-democratized? It will have to be. Hungry people will find a way to feed their families and Monsanto and their patents will have to stand aside and let people grow what ever they want.
Now a potential catalyst in all of this are returning veterans from our two wars. (War is a form of employment which is why it so easily becomes popular.)
These folks, having made sacrifices for the country will come home, assuming the wars end, will need jobs and there are none. They will need medical care, in a medical system which is broken. They will need re-training, in a country which is cutting college budgets. Something similar happened after World War one and those vets marched on Washington. It can happen again.  These might when they and their families find they cannot make a living once back home. They are good candidates for re-generation projects where living costs will be lower and green re-training possible.
But the potential volatility of that issue remains. The two economy solution will become more apparent with these veterans back home. After all we have an example of this with the military itself where the internal military economy runs on it own terms not those of the general American economy.
So what then is the next issue to be solved? We need to look at small town economic models and their regional counterparts. Tomorrow.
February 27,2010 'Survive'
The economic picture is glum, but things will sort themselves out well or badly. Let's concentrate on well. The first item many of you have mentioned is the issue of where will the money come from to institute many of the ideas I have outlined above. Bob mentioned the national debt, two wars, and a trillion dollar deficit. All true. The national debt is 12.4 trillion dollars and soon the interest payments against that debt will be the second largest item in the national budget.
What will happen? What can happen? Can we or our children pay this debt? No, not right now.
What will likely happen is either default or re-structuring. We owe the money to the Chinese and the Japanese mostly and we will likely simply restructure with both and create new lower payments. They might, and likely will agree, to the extent they can see their exports increase to us in our re-generation efforts here. They could get some debt funds paid back in that way, along with currency re-valuation in the Chinese example. And guess who will be in China, utilizing that cheap labor-US companies who can produce for the US market utilizing this foreign labor and also help create that green market back home as well. This has synergy. Sloppy synergy but yes synergy. Inevitable? No. But a logical path.
The two wars cost about 120 billion a year and have to be wound down slowly so as to not exacerbate all those towns dependent upon military contracts in the United States and all those countries dependent upon US military bases abroad. We are a war-dependent economy seeking to become a peace economy that will take time, say 20 years.
So the first step in economic re-generation will be the global changes described above from the perspective of the United States. We can't pay. Besides we need the money for the internal changes above or we pay in internal disruptions from economic chaos if we don't act. Think 20 rolling Katrina's due to water shortages in one case, food shortages in another case, rising inflation which make the dollar worth a lot less, transportation breakdowns, terrorist attacks etc.
We are a fragile over-technologized society, and so interdependent that five airplanes can bring our economy to its knees. This is not good.
Now the small town answer here is therefore a good idea not only for economic reasons but for strict military reasons as well. Ninety-five percent of the people living on one percent of the land is a bad idea militarily. Disbursement is a better idea.
Now the mix we are talking about here is one of small-town, regional and yes some cities where cities make sense. But the basis of the American future has to be local, upgraded with technology, not massed populations in vulnerable cities. Re-generation is re-building America from the bottom up and abandoning top-down systems.
So how much time will this all take and what are the barriers?
March 1,2010 'Survival'
A wise sage once said 'What to do is easy, but the first step of what to do is the problem.' The same is true here. The answer to the question of how long we have to accomplish certain critical first steps is a function of how long will the first steps take. And what are those first steps? Here we go:
The country has to be put on a disaster footing, whether that disaster is any of the calamities I have described above or some one not yet conceived. Here is what I think we have to do, over what time line, with what human power sources and at what cost:
1-Just as we have voting booths and places in every community in the United States we must do the same for the regeneration effort. We will need in an emergency, power, medical, housing food, water, and energy and ways to move people efficiently. We partially have this in place with F.E.M.A but I would not bet my life on their help, would you?
The first scenario is the three to-five day survival period. In a disaster we want people to be self-sufficient and be able to survive for at least three-to five days after an event or in general:
-That is every home must have five days of food, non-perishable (remember, we assume no power will be available)
-Each home must have or access to five days of clean water
-Each home must have access to an emergency medical kit
-Each home must have a shortwave radio kit or access to same
-Each home must have a fuel generation kit, assuming gasoline supplies will quickly become depleted
-Each home must have access to the ability to produce heat or fire
-Each home must have a tent for temporary shelter if necessary.
-Each home must have seed grains for a vegetable garden (yes, let's think ahead)
-Each home must have a 12 volt battery, an auto battery will do and, add two bicycles, and a crowbar and rope.
-Each block must have a disaster warden, someone who would get training in the above items and their use; a paid position.
Right now some homes have these items, most don't. Some communities have their processes in place, some don't.
Shopping list item one for the state and federal government: Have our re-generation work force, (remember these folks?)  create 'Survival Support Kits' on every block in America. Kit production will provide jobs; make survivability a real option for Americans not only for natural disasters but other kinds of slow degeneration from economic collapse as well.
These kits will be on every block, or within walking distance and supplement those home supplies I have described above. Why all this effort? The worse thing you can have is millions of people in the cities on the move after five days looking for food or trying to escape the chaos of the cities.
There are massive issues with this kind of movement. You want folks to hunker down in place and survive for at least five days to ten days until state or federal efforts can be mounted.
Hunkering down also makes security for these communities easier, rather than dealing with a scattered population on the move.
The details of how you get fuel without gasoline I will spare you but survivalists know them well.
How much will this effort cost? Unknown, but my guess is each kit and its mobile container will cost in materials about 750 dollars. Labor costs would be about 500 per kit, transportation, training and placement and after support: about 2,500 dollars per kit for the first year. Let's add contingency costs and the kit total is 5,000 per unit. How many units? Let's say a million units installed in each of five years: 25 billion.
Of course there are other costs as well. All we have here is survival days one through five. But what about after the five to ten day period I have postulated. More on that tomorrow.
March 2,2010 'Survival'
All of the above effort gets us five to ten days of sufficing, mostly in the city. Beyond the ten-day mark there is a lot more to do. Moreover, what I have described above is mostly related to the cities. The country side effort is presumed to be in place from the other efforts described above and will have similar outlines as the city effort except that the Army, state and federal forces will lead that effort.
After ten days cities will be out of food and masses of individuals will head toward the country-side to escape what will be an increasingly chaotic and dangerous city environment; people use guns to get what they need, looting, dogs running in packs, sanitation issues erupt right away. Terrible..
These patterns of behavior are not uncommon; we see them in every prolonged disaster or emergency.
Most of these ideas work in fire, earthquake, terrorist action, drought, power failure, water issues etc. They are not great for nuclear war. There all bets are off.
Now in the country side you have to have in place before the above disasters or slowly degenerating circumstances (the latter is more likely)  reception centers to receive the city dwellers. Housing, kits, medical attention, sustainability planning all will have to be done before hand. The kits I speak of have to be along major exit routes and highways out of the urban areas and final destination points have to be marked out before hand to handle millions of people.
Food stuffs, water purification, temporary governmental functioning, security issues, communication, transportation and mobility- all issues that this country has not acted upon and may have to. A slow moving degeneration of our financial systems in the easiest to deal with. But think back to October 1929. The collapse of the stock market put millions on the road looking for food and work. Then most people had country cousins who grew food. Today this is not the case today. This can happen again and we have done nothing to anticipate or prepare.
What will a truly national or even regional effort look like?  We build that infrastructure block by block, city by city, region by region focusing our effort based on what areas, cities or regions have the best sustainability components and spend money in those areas which do not. The have's are put to work creating sustainability for the have-nots.
But details and costs loom here. How can this be done in the next twenty years-an arbitrary time period, but one I think is the last window we have to have gotten much of this in place.
We create hubs, local and regional until a national network is in place. The jobs it will create will help. The products, all aligned with sustainability and green goals give the country a future in the global economy, and we come out if it stronger militarily and mentally.
But as always the question is what comes first, who does it, how much will it cost and how effective will this effort be?
March 3,2010 'Survival'
The mounting of a national effort encompassing a local, regional and country-wide effort will take twenty years. It will involve a simultaneous re-vamping of the American economy and political structure such that local self-sufficiency to the maximum degree possible is built into the new system. Our issues with infra-structure, energy, power, food etc are all based upon the assumption that the present system will be in place when clearly the present system needs to be totally re-conceptualized. The maxim is that with every complex system at some point there simply isn't enough brain power at the top to manage systems when they reach a certain size, no matter how much technology we throw at it.
The dream that we could automate our way to a well run system is a dream. It happens over and over again with empires, cities and even small regions. People run systems best who are close to the production of its basic outlines.
What if I were President? What would I do? Well the American people, and others in other countries, do not really believe that life can change from what it currently is. We are paralyzed into complacency, feel powerless to change anything and not sure if we really want to see much change. As one of my students said, 'Will I still be able to still play piano? '
Now the first thing I would do is to shake up the situation with new Federal law that would place in each American home the basic needs I have outlined above for the first line of defense in the event of an emergency in American cities. Each home or block would receive one of the kits I describe at a cost of five hundred per kit.
This is the 'wake-up call' approach.Things have to be shaken up. Kick the mule to get his attention.  This is a signal that we as Americans are vulnerable to various emergencies and must make preparations. I would bill it as the first steps toward local control and de-centralization, away from centralized banks and financial systems to more local ones, to more local political and social control, to a more self-sufficient country; re-building America from the bottom up and creating new self-sufficiency green and smart jobs. This is true re-organization and cheaper by far than the current centralized system which mostly benefit, life-time politicians, lobbyists and the rich.
That is America's future if America is going to survive and compete in the global economy of the future. If this is not done the current situation where the top five percent of the population has control over more wealth that the bottom ninety-five percent will create social unrest of enormous proportions and a re-alignment will occur through the messy method and social unrest, rather than through the ways I am proposing here. Let's hope we all come to our senses.
Update June 15,2010
An interesting question here is how do the re-generation principles above match up with an actual emergency, such as the BP oil spill? The above was written before the spill but it provides an example of what is happening and how, if a re-generation plan had been in place, things would be different.
First we have a spill, the largest in American history which will contaminate over 1/3 of the Gulf of Mexico, is an environmental disaster, will affect the livelihood of thousands along the coast and inland as well, among some some the poorest states in the Union. Unemployment, damaged tourism, and decay will be with the regions for years.
And to boot we are treated to a scene where politicians parade across our tv screens promising relief but delivering none, in it mainly to get their faces on TV and hoping thereby to get re-elected, no FEMA springs into action, and payments have to come from BP and meantime how are people going to feed themselves, and make boat and house payments? A mess.
Now under re-generation, first of all, BP would be required to click a computer screen and transfer a few billion dollars directly to local banks who where the individuals involved could draw upon. This would take a few minutes. Right now they are sending checks after a claims process.
But we have no local banks. Besides the politicians want credit for relief because that means votes for them. Too quick relief and they become irrelevant.
Local banking structures who have the house note and the boat note could and would be in place under regeneration. There is no subsitute for a local person who knows each individual in the community and their needs. If BP didn't transfer the money then the Federal Reserve or the Federal government should or under re-generation would be required to.. It is a down payment on ultimate claims but people in an emergency need money now, not later. Have I mentioned local co-ops. They are even better than local banks but many don't have the electronic transfer techology to handle some tranactions and don't hold the mortgages and boat notes. Credit unions are also good choices, but same problem. We have to build these under re-generation.
Second, given what is a slow moving disaster a livelihood for millions has now been destroyed. Where will they find work? Many, as was the case with Katrina will abandon the old jobs and livelihood and we will see decay, boarded up business and migration. Under re-generation a self-sufficient plan would be in place to have those unemployed be employed locally in techno and small town enclaves and available for disaster relief. There would have been a plan B. There is no plan B now in place in the Gulf and there was no plan B; and there is no plan B even being planned for the Hurricane season upcoming.
Hurricane season. Boy is there a need for plan B. When the winds arrive what hopes for a return to normalcy might be dashed and millions will be in need or at least on the move.
Are we preparing? Nope. The states say we have no money. The Fed says BP is going to pay, BP is going to say hey, the people responsible for rig safety are registered in the Marshall Islands and can't be touched. A court battle will take years and people will be long discouraged or gone and nobody will in the end  will take responsibility.
The moral of this tale is clear: Communities have to plan for self-sufficiency against man-made and natural disasters. Plan for food, energy, and the labor force to rebuild or sustain what is in place. The large enties, the government, BP etc can't and don't have an interest in helping. It is not profitable for the oil company to  give away too much money, and is useful to the politicians only in as much as they can get votes out of it for the next election. After that they move on to the next photo op.
We have to think that the self-sufficient frontier societies of 150 years ago have to be wedded to the techo innovations of today to keep this country going and for it to thrive. Be sure to write your congress person.
June 20,2010
Now that BP has come up with 20 billion the first interesting point is that it could not deliver the funds directly or quickly to the people who need it. No, they gave the money to the US government. Be prepared for a long wait while the state and local politicians hop a plane to washington to see if they can get their hands on that money and control of it's distribution so as to dole it out to friends, supporters who can help them get re-elected while the people in the gulf deplete their life savings, go into debt, search for other work, prepare for cleanup which might last years, contemplate that 1/3 of the gulf being poisioned, while the marshlands affected by the spill die and make the land areas more vunerable to hurricanes just months away.
Things ain't going so swell.
So what to do?
First get the money out of the US hands to local banks and /or co-ops formed by the communities themselves, composed of the members of that community. (A pipe dream I know)  But some people have formed communities and they ought to be encouraged.
Secondly, a regional disaster recovery plan ought to be instituted following the steps I have outlined above. (Has anyone heard from FEMA lately?)
We ought to be hiring the unemployed and the skilled to go down to institute the plan on a regional basis. First we need to implement the short term emergency plan I outlined about while simultaneouly instituting the long term plans I identified.Note here the the ability of residents in the area to earn a livelihood from the Gulf may be affected for many years. A new plan for the small towns in the area has to be created So what is to be the new self-sustaining model for the area? Obviously the last plan of depending upon the sea and tourism didn't work so well.
I like the idea of desalination of the sea, solar power and water power from the Gulf. Make the hurricanes pay from them selves by harnassing the wind to produce electricity. Just a thought. Here would be cheap energy, cheap labor and we could introduce elements of cheap food.
Will this happen? Only God knows, but I would not take odds on it.I asked the Muse Whither America?
'I see millions in the broken cities
crowding debt,
unhappiness.
I see families un-affordable,
single parents struggling;
.
I see the children no longer able to afford the big houses
and the old ones abandon the homestead,
and crowd back to the cities.
The young ones can't find work;
its five to a house.
.
The Americans, the British, the Italians
the Russians, all of Western Europe
can not
duplicate themselves and they perish
replaced by the poor ones from the South
and the East.
All the world comes together to confront Destiny.
Whither the Planet?
But hope there is:
There will be in America
repatriation of the rural lands;
the abandonment of the cites
and massive building of rural technology-based enclaves;
smart technology driven, green based and self sufficient.
America's salvation there.
Economies will move toward barter exchange
because currency will fail,
replaced by new systems and gains in efficiency
Government will devolve to less control
less bureaucracy;
more local control
weak confederations instead.
The village life returns.
Crafts replace portions of profit-based technology.
Old skills of self-sufficiency revive.
Nation states are weakened,
and cross-national enclaves emerge
where ideas cross boundaries.
Real democracy will thrive in smaller settings.
This will be
whether there is disaster
or planning for this.
Disaster will give us small enclaves
but bands of mauraders
and bandit bands
who leave the cites
when the five day supply of food gives out;
their enclaves are forced and violent.
The better way is the one I describe.
In your life-time son
40 years hence
this will be
but which future.
will it be?-for pilgrim sake,
and land once,  of 'Native' soil
Allegiance pledged, of
conquest gained, from
Earth's borne spirits' bold.
America,  Proud America
Our Earth, need not be harmed
when war tales are often told
and blood stained flags, unfold
America, we Love thee
of gifted Earth bequeathed
ne'er we forget, Democracy,
and all those enslaved, be free
America  America
May true freedom be our Quest
Of Womanhood and Brotherhood
from shore to ocean sea.
'With Love and Compassion,
Wherever Earth Be Shared'
Please; 'Support Peace'
Louie Levy
WW ll  Vet.Fill, fill tine merry bowl,
Drown corrosive care and sorrow;
Why, why clog the soul,
By caring for to-morrow?
Fill your glasses, toast your lasses,
Blythe Anacreon bids your live,
Love, with friendship, far surpasses
All the pleasures life can give.
Ring, ring th' enlivening bell,
The merry dirge of care and sorrow;
Why leave them life to tell
Their heavy tales to-morrow?
Come join the social glee,
Give the reins to festive pleasure,
While fancy, light, and free,
Dances to the measure:
Love and wit, with all the graces,
Revel round in fairy ring;
Smiling joy adorns our faces,
While with jocund hearts we sing.
Now, since our cares are drown'd,
Spite of what the sages tell us,
Hoary Time, in all his round,
Ne'er saw such happy fellows.Oh, at last,
I'm passed it,
Those feelings,
I trashed it,
I'm leaving,
Won't last it,
She's squealing,
I smashed it,
I'm bleeding,
From blast hit,
That stuff hurt,
But I'm not done,
I ate dirt,
That wasn't fun,
Psyche, I spurt,
Out a ton,
Then it squirt,
But I'm her son,
I'm no pervert,
Now I'm done...
But I'm back,
Talking random,
I'm not black,
Yet I'm candid,
When my smack,
Becomes platinum,
There's a stack,
For the ransom,
Chill with hoodlums,
Always get caught,
That just bout' sums,
Up what happens not,
Throw stuff together,
See if it works,
If it doesn't,
Keep it in still,
Cause it makes a mark.Don't fill my cup with Lust
Else Love will move away from me
Lower your gaze tonight
Else stars will hide in shame
You are more beautiful than the moon.Fill, fill your lips with honey,
You will be off on a journey;
The journey of life, filled with love,
And your soul mate is waiting,
To toast with your lips,
And fill his heart's desires,
Love, friendship, will develop soon
All the pleasures of life will boon.
Beat, beat your heart so fast,
To build enduring relations with a sweetheart;
Why leave the matter to destiny?
When you can make, own path.On the tender myrtle-branches,
In the meadow lotus-grassèd,
While the wearied sunlight softly
To the Happy Islands passèd,-
Reddest lips the reddest vintage
Of the bright Aegean quaffing,
There I saw them lie, the evening
Hazes rippled with their laughing.
Round them boys, with hair as golden
As Queen Cytheréa's own is,
Sang to lyres wreathed with ivy
Of the beautiful Adonis-
(Of Adonis the Desired,
He has perished on the mountain,)
While their voices, rising, falling,
As the murmur of a fountain,
Glittered upwards at the mention
Of his beauty unavailing;
Scattered into rainbowed teardrops
To the
ai ai
of the wailing.In the veins of the calix foams and glows
The blood of the mantling vine,
But oh! in the bowl of Youth there glows
A Lesbian, more divine!
Bright, bright,
As the liquid light,
Its waves through thine eyelids shine!
Fill up, fill up, to the sparkling brim,
The juice of the young Lyaeus;
The grape is the key that we owe to him
From the gaol of the world to free us.
Drink, drink!
What need to shrink,
When the lambs alone can see us?
Drink, drink, as I quaff from thine eyes
The wine of a softer tree;
Give the smiles to the god of the grape-thy sighs,
Beloved one, give to me.
Turn, turn,
My glances burn,
And thirst for a look from thee!Anacreontic
Verse it is
On the universe,
The vast nature
Full of the
Innumerable
Creatures and
Objects and
The whole creations,
Among them
The relations,
All these show
Love and care,
Depending on
One another,
And helping
One another;
Human should
Learn these all
And practise
In practical life,
To avoid all
The chaoses
In the society
Arise in time
And out of time.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │21 January,2018Mother of the tuneful Nine,
Nature prompt my ev'ry line;
I would not, had I Homer's fire,
To Mars and Slaughter strike the lyre;
A dearer theme my bosom fills,
My veins a softer rapture thrills;
Love, I know thy honied sting,
And the flutter of thy wing;
In my heart thou sitt'st supreme,
Making life a lover's dream,
Full of visions angel bright,
Till awakening in delight,
Tremulous I touch the strings;
'Tis not I-'tis Cupid sings.Three long years have o'erwhelmed me in sadness,
Since the sun veiled his vision of gladness:
Sorrow be banished,— for sorrow is dreary;
Sorrow and gloom but outweary the weary.
In my heart I perceive the day breaking;
I cannot resist its awaking.
On my brow a new sun is arisen,
And bright is its glance o'er my prison;
Gayly and grandly it sparkles about me,
Flowingly shines it within and without me:
Why, why should dejection disarm me,—
My fears or my fancies alarm me?
Laughing light, lovely life, in the heaven
Of thy forehead is virtue engraven;
Thy red coral lips, when they breathe an assenting,
To me are a dawn which Apollo is painting;
Thy eyes drive the gloom, with their sparkling,
Where sadness and folly sit darkling.
Lovely eyes,—then the beauties have bound them,
And scattered their shadows around them;
Stars, in whose twinklings the virtues and graces,
SweetnrsK and meekness, all hold their highplaces:
But the brightest of stars is but twilight,
Compared with that beautiful eye-light.
Fragrant mouth,—all the flowers spring is wreathing
Are dull to the sweets thou art breathing;
The charms of thy song might summon the spirit
To sit on the ears all-enchanted to hear it:
What marvel, then, if, in its kisses,
My soul is o'erwhelmed with sweet blisses?
O, how blest, how divine the employment!
How heavenly, how high the enjoyment!
Delicate lips, and soft, amorous glances,—
Kindling, and quenching, and fanning sweet fancies,—
Now, now to my heart's centre rushing,
And now through my veins they are gushing.
Dazzling eyes, that but laugh at our ruin,
Nor think of the wrongs ye are doing,—
Fountains of gladness and beacons of glory,
How do ye scatter the dark mists before ye!
Can my weakness your tyranny bridle?
O, no! all resistance is idle.
Ah! my soul— ah! my soul is submitted;
Thy lips,— thy sweet lips,— they are fitted
With a kiss to dissolve into joy and affection
The dreamings of hope and of gay recollection:
And, sure, never triumph was purer;
And, sure, never triumph was surer.
I am bound to your beauty completely,
I am fettered and fastened so sweetly;
And blessed are the tones, and the looke, and the mind, too,
Which my senses control, and my heart is inclined to:
While virtue, the holiest and brightest,
Has fastened love's fetters the tightest.Born I was to be old,
And for to die here;
After that, in the mould
Long for to lie here.
But before that day comes,
Still I be bousing;
For I know, in the tombs
There's no carousing.Press the grape, and let it pour
Around the board its purple shower:
And, while the drops my goblet steep,
I'll think in woe the clusters weep.
Weep on, weep on, my pouting vine!
Heaven grant no tears, but tears of wine.
Weep on; and, as thy sorrows flow,
I'll taste the luxury of woe.'Twas in a cool Aonian glade,
The wanton Cupid, spent with toil,
Had sought refreshment from the shade,
And stretch'd him on the mossy soil.
A vagrant Muse drew nigh, and found
The subtle traitor fast asleep;
And is it thine to snore profound,
She said, yet leave the world to weep?
But hush!-from this auspicious hour
The world, I ween, may rest in peace,
And, robb'd of darts, and stript of power,
Thy peevish petulance decrease.
Sleep on, poor Child! whilst I withdraw,
And this thy vile artillery hide-
When the Castalian fount she saw,
And plunged his arrows in the tide.
That magic fount,ill-judging maid,
Shall cause you soon to curse the day
You dared the shafts of Love invade,
And gave his arms redoubled sway.
For in a stream so wondrous clear,
When angry Cupid searches round,
Will not the radiant points appear?
Will not the furtive spoils be found?
Too soon they were; and every dart.
Dipt in the Muse's mystic spring,
Acquired new force to wound the heart,
And taught at once to love and sing.
Then farewell, ye Pierian quire!
For who will now your altars throng?
From Love we learn to swell the lyre,
And Echo asks no sweeter song.I pant to hear the burning words
Which thrill through every vein ;
I'm waiting for the hallow'd thouglits
Which live in fervid brain :
I shrink from dull reality,
I want to live a dream,
I'd travel through the marshy lands
Where fairy beacons gleam—
And suffer darkness and despair
So that the elfin lights were there.
I've number'd years—the wine cup bring,
'Tis but my lip is cold ;
The spirit through me quivering
Has not—like dust—grown old;
It panteth for a bliss unknown,
It waiteth for delig:ht ;
Though youthful visions all are flown.
It will not own 'tis night—
The drink of heaven—thy nectar Jove !
Was friendship steep'd in woman's love.
Then lull me into visions bland ;
The world, you say, demands my hate .
But I would dream my days awav,
And wish the world a better fate.
O let my heart be doating still
O'er visions bright of woman's truth;
Let it rely on manly faith,
As firmly as in days of youth.
The drink of heaven—thy nectar Jove !
Was friendship steep'd in woman's love.Stingo! to thy bar-room skip,
Make a foaming mug of Flip;
Make it our country's staple,
Rum New England, Sugar Maple,
Beer, that's brewed from hops and Pumpkin,
Grateful to the thirsty Bumkin.
Hark! I hear thy poker fizzle,
And o'er the mug the liquor drizzle;
All against the earthen mug,
I hear the horn-spoon's cheerful dub;
I see thee, STINGO, take the Flip,
And sling thy cud from under lip,
Then pour more rum, and, bottle stopping,
Stir it again, and swear 'tis topping.
Come quickly bring the humming liquor,
Richer than ale of British vicar;
Better than usquebaugh Hibernian,
Or than Flaccus' famed Falernian;
More potent, healthy, racy, frisky,
Than Holland's gin, or Georgia whisky.
Come, make a ring around the fire,
And hand the mug unto the Squire;
Here, Deacon, take the elbow chair,
And Ensign, Holiday, sit there:
You take the dye-tub, you the churn,
And I'll the double corner turn.
See the mantling liquor rise!
And burn their cheeks, and close their eyes,
See the sideling mug incline-
Hear them curse their dull divine,
Who, on Sunday, dared to rail,
At Brewster's flip, or Downer's ale.
-Quick, Stingo, fly and bring another,
The Deacon here shall pay for t'other,
Ensign and I the third will share,
It's due on swop, for pie-bald mare.The childhood is
Early part of lives
From two to
Eighteen years old,
Fully romantic life
Much talkative
To know and imagine
Of common and
Uncommon things,
Listening to ghost
Fairy, giant, soul
Fire dragon and
Surprising, laughing
Detective story;
Catching the birds
Kitten and puppy
The grasshopper
Colored butterfly
Lizards and spiders;
Playing with toys
The daisy chain
Hide and seek
Cutting and making
Jokes, funs, riddles
Mixing with girls, boys;
Collecting stamps
Coin and old things
Planting seedlings
And watering them
Much interesting.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 8 December,2017Sahara desert
Rare oasis around
Hardly rain there
Dry leaves, dead sand
Some deadly herbs
As hot, hard stone;
The deathstalker
Namely scorpion,
The thorny devil,
The silver ant,
The scarab beetle,
The sand viper,
Horrible reptiles,
Desert hyenas,
Foxes, wild dogs;
Leopard, cheetahs;
And some hungry
Poisonous and
Ferocious beings
There live in;
Dry heart year round
No mercy in mind.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 8December,2017Bees together wait for
The season comes
Flowers bloom,
They make hive
It is their home,
Then collect honey
And nectar
From flower
To flower,
From morning
To evening,
They start life
Wonderful and
Industrious life,
What a creature!
How their lifestyle!
Amazing one!
They are actually
From amazing
Of the creatures.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 17 December,2017Water falls
From upper source
From any hill
Or mountain
May be from any cave
Then it falls
Just from up to down
Named waterfall;
But while falling
It scatters some
Beautiful scenes
Some romantic tones,
Thus flows from
Mountain to ocean;
To the way
It is named
Spring, brook, river
Even public lake
However, it is
Known cascade
First falls and then
Flows down forever.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │16 January,2018Meet you want
And have chat
Before the sunset;
After the sunset
I am not, coz
Dead horse arum
Lily around
Just blooms then
That spread the
Foulest smells out
As rotten flesh,
Only some flies
Fly and hum
So horribly
That frightens
Any being around
Let alone human
Sophisticated
Race in the world;
So don't come
After the sunset.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 20 December,2017Happy And Unhappy - Anacreontic Verse
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Happy is
No future whose
In life's stages;
Only do, eat, sleep
No much thoughts,
As the animals
That are lower
One time life
No anxiety,
No fear, care;
But I am human
I have large future
After worldly life
That is the major
Concerns give me no
Single happiness;
As I believe
Hereafter;
So I simply
Lead my life here
Try to avoid all
Vices and chaos
Like greed, hatred, wrath
Enmity, envy
Bestiality
Which can cause great sins
To damn my future.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │4 April,2018Her Life And Likings - Anacreontic Verse
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
She was born
In March 2015
In May 17, she
Came out of home;
Unusually
If she is
On the sea beach
Likes surfing
Sometimes at home
Likes harping,
But usually
She does sing
With birds in times,
Shares the meals
And drinks milk
On dining table
But plays ball alone,
Does some duties
Killing harmful flies
Rats and insects
Cleaning spider nets,
These she enjoys much
She is my pet Tom
Much I love whom.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza|10/22/2016Love for beauties
Love for knowledge
Love for nature
Love for creatures
Love for creations
For universe;
Love for humans
Love for human rights
Love for equity
Love for right
Love for justice
For democracy;
Love for republic
Love for freedom
Love for country
Love for settlement
Love for progress
For patriotism;
Love for One God
Love for believe
Love for virtue
Love for right path
Love for life and
For its true triumph;
I wrote all these
In the verse of
Anacreontic,
Hope you all will like
You all will love
For the sake of truth.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │9 February,2018Our lucky cat
Tom is she that
Gets a great chance
At the night
In thirty first
Of January
In two thousand
And eighteen
To observe
Four things together;
Which may happen
After every
Hundred and
Fifty two years,
These things are:
The first one-
The blue moon,
The second one-
The super moon,
The third one-
The blood red moon
And the fourth one is
The lunar eclipse;
So, we greet her in
Anacreontic
Verse with lots of
Roses and flowers,
Cartoon bears poster
Love marked sticker
Sings and dances, too.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │31 January,2018He is no more
She is no more
You are no more
Your shadows appear
In our eyes
In our mind,
Your memories haunt
The soft heart
And the brain,
Your words echo
In the ears
In brain and mind,
Your images appear
In memories
In nature
In life, in manners;
Your touches
Your memories
Touch our existence
Here, there and
In life everywhere;
We seek you
Obliviously,
What is this?
Is it love?
Probably is.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 17 December,2017Ramadan In Anacreontic Verse
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Ramadan is
Day long starvation
In certain systems
For the month
Of whole Ramadan;
It is to Strengthen
Spirituality,
Removing sins
Being far from
All wrong doings;
Holy Ramadan is
As children
At blessed dawn
In the garden
Fully innocent;
Ramadan itself
Is quite sacred
And makes people
Such innocent
On some conditions;
If they are firm
And determined
On not to do
More wrongs, sins
In future life;
So, I call upon
All the Muslims;
Let's destroy all sins
Establishing the
Great Ramadan.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │17 May,2018Sight: Anacreontic Verse
Color of the eyes
Is marvelous
And quite nice,
Some eyes look black
Some look blue
Some look yellow
And some look white,
But all see
The same sun
The same moon
Shine and reflect
On the oceans
All see blowing air
Helps to survive life
But suddenly
It raises storm;
Flowing water makes
Spring, lake, river, seas
Again suddenly
It causes fatal
Flood, tidal surge
Dangerous overflow.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │19 February,2018The romantic hut
Sights holding
As from a bud
Flower blooming
Smell spreading,
For the beauty
Birds are singing,
Butterflies dancing
Saying it is spring,
It is spring,
Come all out of door,
Have a tour,
Sing a tone for life,
Life is nice, rich,
All are wealthy,
No one is poor;
Don't keep wrong
In mind's corner
Fill it with
Love and love,
Help one another
To be really happy
To lead life with peace
And prosperity.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza |10/7/2016In the verse the
Anacreontic
Corruptions stand
With three levels
And much degrees:
The first level
While producing
Things and orders
Mixed highly poisons,
The second levels
To the dealers
Here it is mixed
With heavy chemical,
And the third levels
To the distributors
Where it is
Absolutely got
Multi corrupted,
People are afraid
Of these severe
Pollutions which
Are just directly
Related to them,
They have nothing
But to be so sad
Die and decay.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │31 January,2018A soldier
tottered towards the
path of the sea
searching for
only what heaven
can discern.
He's meant to
be at the battle
field kissing blood
spilted out of fury.
But here is he
ravaging like
a savage in his
own stranded land.
The turtle looked
beyond to get the
view of whose feet she
heard and discern his
motive.So did she
saw the soldier
clothed with
distress, looking like
an octupus,
swathed in fear
and unseen threats.
He had retreated
from the battle,
And sook to find
comfort in
the rages of waves.
18: 01: 04: 14: 59troublesomely riparianIf adorable as adore gloating
Adorable, original, fatso aged;
Good! A safe, adorable trailing,
A dear goofball as originated.
Good! A fair stale load bearing
Adorable of egalitarian dogs,
Fool database or agile daring
A feared aboriginal toad logs.
Alas! Good of aged libertarian;
Alas! Fair, dogged elaboration;
Ago glorified adorable Satan;
So flailed garbage adoration;
Or a garbage, fool and idealist
Of laggard ideas elaboration;
A fool, adorable, daring ageist
Bolder, ga-ga falsie adoration;
Good God! Ease fatal librarian,
Fool ga-ga, idle, sad aberration;
Good! A bold fears egalitarian
Flag, adores ideal abrogation;
Good! Safe, adorable, liar, giant;
Star, ga-ga ideal, fool debonair;
As adored fair, boogie, gallant;
Agile odor and sabotage flair.
The title is a line of the poem ''Wages'' by D.H. Lawrence. The poem is the anagram of the title.Again Shaman Stir
A Recalled Fury
Caution Eyes?
Live My Sour Soy
O evil you
O live you
Ever For
Ravened
Voyeurs Oils MyReminded by a look
At my beautiful open book
That the story still unfolds
Of how foundations shook
Laughing, crying
Living, dying
All points in between
And custard pie-ing
Blah. What I really want to say is a very happy birthday to you Tara, my darling. You fill my life with your you-ness and I love you to the very core. Like a stick of rock, if you cut me in half it would read 'I love Tara'. The very  moment I'm without you, I miss you.
I am so in love with you. All my love forever.
Ez  XXXXXXXXXXXXXI’ve been known to strip a horse
of hide and hair and all;
I take what I want with no remorse
though I am weak and very small.
Maybe you know me by my scientific name
Hymenoptera Formicidae Myrmicinae I’m called.
But if you run into me I could make you lame
and you’ll be quite appalled.
I am a:
(Unscramble) :
der rife tan.Refrain from purchasing
Racoon at your local
Live animal market.
In your belly,
It can spelly,
Corona.Shouts Pucco:
"Touch us cops! "
18: 03: 28: 09: 38If you transpose what Ladies wear,
'Twill plainly shew what harlots are:
Again, if you transpose the same,
You'll see an ancient Hebrew name:
Change it again, and it will shew
What all on earth desire to do:
Transpose the letters yet once more,
What bad men do, you'll then explore.Anagram, gram, rag, ram, man, arm!
Emotional and sensitive;
Romantic and creative,
Lovely! ! !
With the muse of a very special person;
Meeting her,
The power of her sweet love! !
Able to identify her lovely flowers.(D)  omestic (V)  iolence; A reminder to keep those closest
to us safe from the unpredictable nature of man.
(S)  egregation; Only when you have been forcibly separated
from the world you truly understand the power of
togetherness.
(A)  rtificial (I)  ntelligence; The fear of being replaced
by something we use to push around the garden.
(O)  ld (W)  orld; As the recurring dawn of time ages man,
new thoughts shape society.
D _ _ _ _ _ W; The systematic approach to wash ones hands of
the prisoners of the economy, opens the door to
courageous jailbreaks.an [unconventional] gram[m]a[r]
dream clone,
[my] soul lie[s on an] ivy lot
[though thou shall not permit thee to thy lot]
m[y] plea, save [and] see
[from the wretch who slaved me]
o night, a wish for anythin[g] sh[a]ll [be granted]
[except fo]r [me t]o [be] near with you
[only you can decode what is greatly wanted]BUD FREE!
BEYOND YE BOND which terrifies
UNITE! UNTIE! shed all disguise,
DRAW joy WARD off, REEF FREE dark  skies.
Knit I AM AIM to WE IS - WISE.
ROSE, SORE, RETWINS, WINTERS defies.
IN ONE I NONE FILE LIFE. Arise!
STREAM MASTER – HEART ART HE supplies
The SMILE which MILES DROPS, PRODS surprise.
Your WOLF’S growl grows FLOWS fertilize.
PART is a TRAP, - LO US! - SOUL ties
In knots HER 'MY' - in RHYME it dies.
The PAGE does GAPE? Just realize
ALL mirrors ALL in different guise
FOR TUNES trump FORTUNE’S flighty eyes.
READ, DEAR, SURE RUSE personifies
Each VERSE to SERVE sans compromise.
Each REVERSE REVERES replies,
Vocation EVIL VILE denies, -
END Lion’s DEN, REEF FREE, cease sighs
RESPOND PONDERS, Reaction dies.
Sight clear can LEAP, PEAL off past lies....
Each THEME MET, HE, GAME MAGE, gains prize!
5 April 2005
robi03_1150_robi03_0000 AQX_EIX
Initial version of Serve Verse  12 April 2005
robi30_1197_robi03_0000 AQW_EIJ
Bud Free    poem © Jonathan Robin
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIII
SERVE VERSE!
BUD FREE IN TIME, SHAPE YOUR HEART'S VISION THROUGH VERSE
BEYOND YE BOND which terrifies
UNITE! UNTIE! PROD, DROP disguise,
DRAW joy WARD off REEF, FREE dark skies.
FOR TUNES trump FORTUNE’S flighty eyes.
READ, DEAR, SURE RUSE personifies
Each VERSE to SERVE sans compromise.
Each REVERSE REVERES replies.
ITEM EMIT for as TIME flies
No MITE, POOL LOOP, personnifies
The DEW WED, so NODE DONE advise
IT RIPS the SPIRIT – so scribe’s highs
May LOWS SLOW link, revise.
Easy WOLF FLOW satisfies.
Splice I AM AIM to WE IS - WISE.
HEART'S ARTS HE MASTERS STREAMS supplies
As SMILE which MILES DROPS, PRODS surprise.
PART STALE TALE's TRAP, - LO US! - SOUL ties
Each THREAD - no DEARTH - needs systemize
You EDIT TIDE DIET DEED despise
Objections COLD CLOD compromise.
URGES SURGE FROM FORMal guise,
REACT, TRACE NOW WON OWN enterprise.
He who GUIDES IS in DISGUISE
Each GENIC ZERO RECOGNIZE -
ALL mirrors ALL in different guise -
Response to dark INSURES SUNRISE!
The PAGE does GAPE? Just realize
Sometimes it OVERSIMPLIFIES
Verse low for LO IMPs IMPROVISE
IDEAS ASIDE on SITE link TIES -
Some POLEMICS, where one COMPLIES
In ONE COMPILES, NEO BUSY BUYS,
Or, FACE ITS SIN it SANCTIFIES
Naught - for I SIMPLE e'er IMPLIES
The rhyme IS SUPPLE and SUPPLIES
Here sharing and 'I SCREED' DECRIES.
Rubbish IT CHASES to CHASTISE
Or TEACH not CHEAT, through verse RITES TRIES
Uses INTACT, IN TACT rectifes,
Good SIRE, to RISE above weak cries.
Here knots HER 'MY' - in RHYME it flies -
Vocation EVIL, VILE, denies.
END prison DEN, let VERSE SERVE guys!
RESPOND PONDERS, Reaction dies.
Sight clear can LEAP, PEAL fast past lies...
Each THEME MET, HE, GAME MAGE, gains prize!
12 April 2005
robi03_1197_robi03_0000 AQW_EIJ
Serve Verse! poem © Jonathan Robin
Revised version of Bud Free!
5 April 2005 robi03_1150_robi03_0000 AQX_EIJ
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIFind a word,
Of inward,
Origin and
Ordaining,
Hidden meaning,
He imagined,
A land of peace,
Of cleaned,
Out souls,
So lust,
Is gone,
Ego sin,
No more,
Omen.8 billion trees to be planted
8 billion trees to grow
In years to come
They to flourish and show
The destruction of earth's rainforests
To be stopped
Those loggers to go
The greedy manufacturers
Scared of losing money
Now threatening people
Who care about saving the world
Saving the earth's atmosphere
Saving earth's animals
And global wildlife
That need the rainforests
In the past
So wrongfully torn down.
The rainforests to also
Provide medications
Without logging trees
For the rainforests
Cleanse our ozone layer
Earth's atmosphere
Needing oxygen
And now we plant
8 billion trees.
Our children of future generations:
The future people
That shall have our legacy
For in the year 3000
We will have rich wildlife:
Rich rainforests
And animals not extinct
For earth is the only planet
Life grows on
Mars desolute and cold
No other planet
To take earth's place
In the dark and emptiness of outer space.
We shall all work together
To enrich the rainforests
And fight the scum
That want to destroy
The world's rainforests
For profit: for greed
And they must be stopped
For earth is an anagram of heart
Which speaks volumes
About the mission
To have all 8 billion people
Work together
And destroy every company
That destroys our precious jewel:
So work hard at school
And realize the loggers are fools.
Earth is the beating heart
Of the universe
Earth is the creator of life
Earth created us:
Its human race
And pollution
Won't take the ozone layer's place
For earth is blue and green
Earth from orbit
Beautiful when seen
And the rainforest destructors
Shall disappear
And will fear being seen
For Mars may be a second earth
But this planet has the greater worth.
Earth is my treasure
Where love I measure
Love for creation
Love for animals
Love for humans
Love for the beating heart
That is life.
Don't wait anymore
Let's work together
And change freaky weather
Earth we must treasure
Earth's importance beyond measure.Marry, and love thy Flavia, for she
Hath all things whereby others beautious be,
For, though her eyes be small, her mouth is great,
Though they be ivory, yet her teeth be jet,
Though they be dim, yet she is light enough,
And though her harsh hair fall, her skin is rough;
What though her cheeks be yellow, her hair's red;
Give her thine, and she hath a maidenhead.
These things are beauty's elements, where these
Meet in one, that one must, as perfect, please.
If red and white and each good quality
Be in thy wench, ne'er ask where it doth lie.
In buying things perfumed, we ask if there
Be musk and amber in it, but not where.
Though all her parts be not in th' usual place,
She hath yet an anagram of a good face.
If we might put the letters but one way,
In the lean dearth of words, what could we say?
When by the Gamut some Musicians make
A perfect song, others will undertake,
By the same Gamut changed, to equal it.
Things simply good can never be unfit.
She's fair as any, if all be like her,
And if none be, then she is singular.
All love is wonder; if we justly do
Account her wonderful, why not lovely too?
Love built on beauty, soon as beauty, dies;
Choose this face, changed by no deformities.
Women are all like angels; the fair be
Like those which fell to worse; but such as thee,
Like to good angels, nothing can impair:
'Tis less grief to be foul than t' have been fair.
For one night's revels, silk and gold we choose,
But, in long journeys, cloth and leather use.
Beauty is barren oft; best husbands say,
There is best land where there is foulest way.
Oh what a sovereign plaster will she be,
If thy past sins have taught thee jealousy!
Here needs no spies, nor eunuchs; her commit
Safe to thy foes; yea, to a Marmosit.
When Belgia's cities the round countries drown,
That dirty foulness guards, and arms the town:
So doth her face guard her; and so, for thee,
Which, forced by business, absent oft must be,
She, whose face, like clouds, turns the day to night;
Who, mightier than the sea, makes Moors seem white;
Who, though seven years she in the stews had laid,
A Nunnery durst receive, and think a maid;
And though in childbed's labour she did lie,
Midwives would swear 'twere but a tympany;
Whom, if she accuse herself, I credit less
Than witches, which impossibles confess;
Whom dildoes, bedstaves, and her velvet glass
Would be as loath to touch as Joseph was:
One like none, and liked of none, fittest were,
For, things in fashion every man will wear.LOST FOR WORDS...AN ANAGRAM CONUDRUM.
Intrigued as thieves steal
shop sign letters  A G I
L  N  N  N  O.    Like...why?
Is it a form of COUNTDOWN?
“I’ll take a consonant, Carol! ”
********
THE SATURDAYS ON MONDAY
Writing haiku on
the bottoms of a girl band
thanks to the METRO
then turn it into tanka
as the inspiration... grows.
HOW CHEEKY CAN YOU GET?
A bum thing to do
to write on you just because
I had no paper.
That syllabic line of mine
scrawled across your pert behinds.
*******
I can only blame these two tanka on a severe head cold and early train travel. I was well...unwell. I had been reading about thieves nicking(of all things)   the letters off of shops...caught on CCTV. They got away with it and took specific letters as if they were trying to make up their own word. Last week it was an item about thieves stealing the guard dog and just when I had thought it couldn’t get any weirder...it got weirder! I wonder if the stolen guard dog and the nicked letters are hidden away in some gangster lock up. I didn’t have any paper to put pen to paper except the free daily I was reading so I wrote it on the front page of that upon which resided a picture of the girl band THE SATURDAYS from the rear singing their hearts out in a windy Weston-super-Mare on a Somerset Sunday. I found myself inadvertently writing the poem about the thieves on their rears so then I wrote about writing upon their rears. Maybe I should have just left the idea behind but I took it and ran with it and so...lo and behold these rare rear tankas.Doremi factor solve: large, titan task!
Doppelgänger phantom? Mirage? Mask?
Docte reminder first: fair reader see
solid substance, grant me latitude,
downplay doom, remiss, fastidious be.
No solarised inscription find, rude, crude!
Does double-take review mistake? facts key
soliciting elastic mindset cued -
ding dong doughnut versatility
remitted subsurface, sorts language karma clued.
Timely done, dosed spontaneity
re-mingles facile sounds synclastically.
Don't doze, remising: fatal solitude.
Latent tingling dormant brain tunes free!
Dour review's mired fangs soon laid away,
title's no doddering doodle, rare mirrored lay
fabled solfège plays, tine don't gainsay!
Double read milled fancy, sort words' swell,
lasting document dons credence, might
fateful song's plasticity show quite
docile, domiciled, re-minted well -
fare so latched tidily donates delight.
I's dotted, recrossed T's, mime faint thoughts sought,
labelled, ticketed or docked here, as each phrase
minutely fashions, solders, lasting copy caught
in doubly docent reading minstrels praise.
Faultless soul latent qualities does display.
I, don, remix fair keynote trace,
solar, timeless, doubts do chase.
Read miracle: see fab song’s spider lace
ties down, adopts real mine, faith’s solace.
Stirred, dodging dogma dire, smiles face,
sort layers tight, rhyme’s dovetailed grace,
adored by mind's fast sown in place,
tiles doctored.  Don’t rest. Mid famed phrase
some laughter tickles, doubles pace,
dopes reason’s mission. Fateful sound replays
still dole doat's reel, might fan song lays.
Tired dodo screeds mime, false sots base
replace stitched verse, dolts’ doggerel’s shown
missed point, fades soon, last tiny dorm unknown.Destruction desired
No being
Only boundless fathomless deluge
No brink; black colossal
Only a boat made of amaranth-leaf floating
Axiom
Boarding on the boat
The poet be engaged writing cosmic poem
No anagram againTwo-faced, lush, dire nob.
Dear witch fouled snob
The wonderful, acid sob
Chief rat wounded slob
Touch! Refined, sad blow
Deft and slouchier bow
Found cries deathblow
Bounced hardiest flow
Of blundered chaos wit
Boldfaced whores unit
Self-wounded, cobra hit
Wonderful codes habit
Forbidden law touches
Fund bloodier watches
In awful odder botches,
Foul and bored witches
Wiser and foul botched.
Hatred if slow bounced
Arch-foe bout swindled
A witch of so blundered
My poem is the anagram of the title.Moreover, the title is a line of the poem
''Blue and White'' by Mary Elizabeth Coleridge (1861-1907)One huge enough spun
Neat anagrams of one hug:
Ego hun Uh! Gone!
(24 March 2013)PASTEL DE NATAS - Anagram
……………………………………
Pastel is well known to all
De is for OF in Portuguese
What is then NATAS?
Is the ANAGRAM
Of this poem;
Who first paints itself
And then others
To make its followers,
To go to dogs
And against God;
I am gonna more ease it
Pastel de nata is correct
Pastel de natas is incorrect.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │23 February,2018GLEAN from ANGEL we derive
WINGS which SWING, keep hope alive,
FORM FROM patterns living spread,
surviving though some seem as dead.
DARE READ between the lines instead
of mixing in and out - DEAL LEAD
by first impressions, TALE LATE found
containing, CHUM, so MUCH profound.
TEAM-MATE, when penning prose or VERSE
SERVE ideals high, FILE LIFE, rehearse
LIVE, - who OPTS POTS VILE underground
SPOT all TOPS POST, clocks STOP unwound.Busque las preguntas en el área de las notas del poeta.BEYOND YE BOND which terrifies
UNITE! UNTIE! PROD, DROP disguise,
DRAW joy WARD off REEF, FREE dark skies.
FOR TUNES trump FORTUNE’S flighty eyes.
READ, DEAR, SURE RUSE personifies
Each VERSE to SERVE sans compromise.
Each REVERSE REVERES replies.
ITEM EMIT for as TIME flies
No MITE, POOL LOOP, personnifies
The DEW WED, so NODE DONE advise
IT RIPS the SPIRIT – so scribe’s highs
May LOWS SLOW link, revise.
Easy WOLF FLOW satisfies.
Splice I AM AIM to WE IS - WISE.
HEART'S ARTS HE MASTERS STREAMS supplies
As SMILE which MILES DROPS, PRODS surprise.
PART STALE TALE's TRAP, - LO US! - SOUL ties
Each THREAD - no DEARTH - needs systemize
You EDIT TIDE DIET DEED despise
Objections COLD CLOD compromise.
URGES SURGE FROM FORMal guise,
REACT, TRACE NOW WON OWN enterprise.
He who GUIDES IS in DISGUISE
Each GENIC ZERO RECOGNIZE -
ALL mirrors ALL in different guise -
Response to dark INSURES SUNRISE!
The PAGE does GAPE? Just realize
Sometimes it OVERSIMPLIFIES
Verse low for LO IMPs IMPROVISE
IDEAS ASIDE on SITE link TIES -
Some POLEMICS, where one COMPLIES
In ONE COMPILES, NEO BUSY BUYS,
Or, FACE ITS SIN it SANCTIFIES
Naught - for I SIMPLE e'er IMPLIES
The rhyme IS SUPPLE and SUPPLIES
Here sharing and 'I SCREED' DECRIES.
Rubbish IT CHASES to CHASTISE
Or TEACH not CHEAT, through verse RITES TRIES
Uses INTACT, IN TACT rectifes,
Good SIRE, to RISE above weak cries.
Here knots HER 'MY' - in RHYME it flies -
Vocation EVIL, VILE, denies.
END prison DEN, let VERSE SERVE guys!
RESPOND PONDERS, Reaction dies.
Sight clear can LEAP, PEAL fast past lies...
Each THEME MET, HE, GAME MAGE, gains prize!
_____________________
Bud Free!
BEYOND YE BOND which terrifies
UNITE! UNTIE! shed all disguise,
DRAW joy WARD off, REEF FREE dark  skies.
Knit I AM AIM to WE IS - WISE.
ROSE, SORE, RETWINS, WINTERS defies.
IN ONE I NONE FILE LIFE. Arise!
STREAM MASTER – HEART ART HE supplies
The SMILE which MILES DROPS, PRODS surprise.
Your WOLF’S growl grows FLOWS fertilize.
PART is a TRAP, - LO US! - SOUL ties
In knots HER 'MY' - in RHYME it dies.
The PAGE does GAPE? Just realize
ALL mirrors ALL in different guise
FOR TUNES trump FORTUNE’S flighty eyes.
READ, DEAR, SURE RUSE personifies
Each VERSE to SERVE sans compromise.
Each REVERSE REVERES replies,
Vocation EVIL VILE denies, -
END Lion’s DEN, REEF FREE, cease sighs
RESPOND PONDERS, Reaction dies.
Sight clear can LEAP, PEAL off past lies....
Each THEME MET, HE, GAME MAGE, gains prize!(Spots Of Fire Dragons: Anagram)
Now, this known earth seems to be unknown
Where RAMNAYAM has been turned
Into one of the spots of ancient fire dragons
Here the dragons are breathing out to what
Instantly burn into ash
May be animals, plants or things;
But these dragons preserve
Half burnt big animals in underground
Which is funny to them
But horrible to the world.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │28 February,2018A scion Hitler - A coin slither - Hairnets coil - A ethnics roil
Lacier hint so - Tailor niches - Tailor inches - Chaos lintier
Ration chisel - Raisin clothe - Caloric thin - Caner his toil
Near holistic - Halters ionic - Lathes ironic
Trichinae sol
Alien ostrich - Elastic rhino - Ace rhino slit
Carnies loth I
Action relish - Scenario hilt
Salon itchier - Latch noisier
Arsenic hit lo - Oracle hit sin
Clean hot iris - Ethical irons
Clarion heist - Chariot lines  - Inhaler stoic  - Coals inherit
Lace this iron - Trance hi soil
Each lion stir - A colt shinier - Clean his riot - Clarinets  oh  I
Censorial hit - Elations rich - Lean historic
Coital shrineEach day with so much ceremony
begins, with birds, with bells,
with whistles from a factory;
such white-gold skies our eyes
first open on, such brilliant walls
that for a moment we wonder
'Where is the music coming from, the energy?
The day was meant for what ineffable creature
we must have missed? ' Oh promptly he
appears and takes his earthly nature
instantly, instantly falls
victim of long intrigue,
assuming memory and mortal
mortal fatigue.
More slowly falling into sight
and showering into stippled faces,
darkening, condensing all his light;
in spite of all the dreaming
squandered upon him with that look,
suffers our uses and abuses,
sinks through the drift of bodies,
sinks through the drift of classes
to evening to the beggar in the park
who, weary, without lamp or book
prepares stupendous studies:
the fiery event
of every day in endless
endless assent.Anaphora you made me mad with words
You made search for the meaning of your name
In search of a form that does not change
Anaphora you put me to the task
You put me through a paidagógos ways
Until I arrive as one of Apollo's triumphant chanted paeans
Anaphora you left me too soon
You left me to seek out other schemes
To open my eyes to other orders and new dreamsBeautiful is your saying
When you say words of love and hope,
Beautiful is your behaving
When you behave well with all with love,
Beautiful is your doing
When you do well for all and all believe;
Beautiful is nature and in nature
Beautiful is flower
Beautiful is color
Beautiful is creature;
Beautiful is black
Beautiful is hard
Beautiful is all God made
Beautiful is Himself God.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 4 November,2017Star, star, star so bright
Star, star of heavenly light
Star so high up in the sky
Showed the way to go that night
Camel, camels, camels, they rode
Camels, camels, I've been told
Camels carrying wise men
Wise men with a heavy load
Gold, gold, gold, they took
Gold, gold, and frankincense
Gold, frankincense, and myrrh
Gifts for their new prince
Light, light, light so bright
Light, light, what a heavenly sight
Light that shined down below
On the manger where he lay that night
Wrapped, wrapped, wrapped he was
Wrapped, wrapped in swaddling clothes
Wrapped so the wise men would know
He was the one God chose
Isaiah, Isaiah, Isaiah was one
Isaiah, Isaiah, and Daniel of old
Isaiah, Daniel, and Jeremiah
Three prophets that foretold
Child, child, child so fair
Child, child with the red hair
Child under Heavenly Father's care
Savior of the world and His heirDaydreaming is wonderful.
Daydreaming is beautiful.
Daydreaming night and day.
Daydreaming of just you.
Daydreaming of your love.
Daydreaming is a gift from above.
Daydreaming as I go along.
Daydreaming is like a song.
Daydreaming I just love to do.
Daydreaming when happy or blue.
Daydreaming is great!
Daydreaming is neat!
Daydreaming brings me joy.
Daydreaming a lot enjoy.
Daydreaming night till dawn.
Daydreaming I do on and on. It brings me joy.
Daydreaming a lot I enjoy.Diversity - Anaphora
8 December, 2018
One shows so many
Sometimes just baby
Sometimes smart young
Sometimes old pong,
Sometimes quite well
Sometimes fully ill
Sometimes mixed
Sometimes unfit,
Again some are always good
Some are always bad
Some are mixed
Some are nonfit,
How much do you know?
Which way do you go?
How much do you know self?
How much do you know otherselves?Family goes normal
I see happiness,
Society goes normal
I see happiness,
Country goes normal
I see happiness
Environment goes normal
I see happiness;
Nature goes well
I get happiness,
Everything goes well
I get happiness,
World goes well
I get more happiness,
Human and humanity go well
I get supreme happiness.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza| 28 November,2017In The Earth Everyone Is Shepherd
(Anaphora)
16 December, 2018
In the earth everyone is shepherd
Both to help and to be helped,
To get tended self herd
To tend other's herd,
To obey the senior
To command the junior,
To tend self family
To tend self psyche,
To tend physical need
To tend mental need,
To tend instinct
To tend sonic,
To tend overall need
To tend overall feed,
To tend self ability
To tend self inability,
Firstly to come getting birth
Finally to leave meeting death,
At mid well or ill all self deeds
One must bear its fruits.The sky is above and around us
And the earth is down
The distances between too much
None can count
Even with the attempt of earning knowledge
Even with the attempt of several births spend
Even with the attempt of entire human beings
Then one cannot but does express, "Surprise! "
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza |08/23/2017The Owner of the entire known and unknown universe
The Owner of each point and cell of all creations, creatures
The Owner of all the beings seen, unseen, small and large
The Owner of all the unseen souls here and there;
The Owner of all the things everywhere small and large
The Owner of all the molecules in the compound elements
The Owner of all the atoms in the fundamental elements
With electrons, protons, neutrons and all other particles;
The Owner of all the seen existences everywhere
The Owner of all the unseen existences everywhere
Is only One, and One; and His sharer is no even a single one
And like Him nowhere in the universe one will find anyone;
All the creatures and the creations will die and decay
He will be ever alive forever as He was and is today;
This belief in Him can save human from wrongs they doing
This belief in Him can defend them from chaos they committing;
I find this great truth in each experiment I doing
I find this great truth in each human being functioning
I find this great truth in each element, each point and joint
In the vast space in each star, planet, moon and object;
All the things and the beings are set at a certain motion
In each galaxy, sphere they are continuously moving, acting,
Reacting, ending, origining and thus the courses completing
Each task in each moment by the orders He is commanding.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza |09/15/2017It's not easy to cope with life all the time
It's not easy to pray when all has gone wrong
It's not easy to control emotions as they come
It's not easy to heal a broken heart sometimes
It's not easy to give thanks when you feel lost
It's not easy to be just you each day in and out
It's not easy for some folks just to do what's right
It's not easy for folks just to pray to God everyday
It's not easy to show true feeling to others sometimes
It's not easy to stop loving someone whenever you want to
It's not easy just to stop worrying and stressing every day
It's not easy for some folks to show they really love and care
It's not easy to conquer some obstacles and many times accept defeat
It's not easy to be strong and live with losses and burdens everyday
It's not easy to let go of negativity and just smile through all the  pain
It's not easy just to move on and press forward when your heart is tired
It's not easy for most folks to thank God for all they have be good or bad
It's not easy to do all these and more but with God's help we can do anythingKindness is to show you care in any way.
Kindness is giving something unselfishly.
Kindness is to show respect to anyone we meet or know.
Kindness is showing compassion when someone needs it to.
Kindness is giving a sincere smile.
Kindness is caring for others.
Kindness is saying a kind word or two.
Kindness is being nice to each other.
Kindness is not being rude to anyone.
Kindness is spreading God's love to all.Learning everyday is good for you
Learning helps you to grow too
Learning is just a beautiful thing
Learning makes your heart and soul sing
Learning is something you should do everyday
Learning is something you're never too old to do
Learning helps meets better all the needs of your life
Learning can help you deal a lot better with all your strife
Learning from mistakes, and your past is a smart thing to do
Learning to respect yourself and others is also too
Learning should never for you ever stop
Learning can strenghten you and motivate you more to get to the top
Learning to see the difference from good and wrong is a must for you to
Learning when to go with the flow or not and deciding what's right is too
Learning can improve all the areas in your life so
Learning is one of the few ways you can grow
Learning all you can learn from everything you care is so cool
Learning is a long process that never ends because life is a school
Learning is a process and a wonderful gift from God himself
Learning what you can from life, experiences, books, etc is important for yourself
Learning to take nothing for granted is very important
Learning to love, have hope and faith you can have them to if you want
Learning the word of God can make you very wise
Learning of His divine Love and Salvation is so nice
Learning that He loves us very much is so awesome
Learning what I've learned have helped me to write for you this poem!Christ
Master
I love you
You are my king
To you I do cling
You protect me
Every day
All way
Too
God is Light of this world
God had created it all
God we worship your name
God You've keep us alive
God is Light of this world
God You sacrificed Son
God You have created man
God You've created woman
God is Light of this world
God gives hope everyday
God You give us your peace
God really knows my heart
God is Light of this world
God nature sings You song
God from You I can't hide
God soul sings You praise
God to You I love first
God is Light of this world
God saved us through Jesus
God You give us eternity!Love is God's infinite love.
Love is His love from above.
Love is a child's smile.
Love is to think of loved ones thru the miles.
Love is to watch a beautiful rose open.
Love is the pursuit of peace among men.
Love is the birth and re-birth of all life.
Love is to find hope among strife.
Love is true devotion to a loved one, and a dear friend.
Love is God's divine love that has no end.I do love You by any means
I do love You by any exchange,
I do love You firstly
I do love You lastly;
My every dot wants to face You
My every dot wants to touch You,
My every dot wants to embrace You
My every dot wants to unite with You;
My every dot does love You
My every dot does look for You,
My every dot does want for You
My every dot does desire for You,
My every dot does hanker after You
My every dot does crave for You,
My every dot does wish for You
My every dot does long for You,
My every dot does dream for You
My every dot does meditate for You;
I am not in me but with You
My existence is from You,
I love You firmly
I love You blindly
I love You dearly
I love You madly,
I love You perfectly
I love You respectfully
I love You greatly
I love You rhetorically,
I love You unconditionally
I love You absolutely;
You are in my eyes
You are in my brain,
You are in my mind
You are in my heart
You are in my soul
You are in my cell
You are in my mole,
You are in my nucleus
You are in my atom
You are in my molecule,
You are in my every joint
You are in my every point;
I see You here, I see You there
I see You everywhere,
I see You in flower
I find You in nectar,
I see You in light
I see You in dark,
I hear You in every sound
I hear You in every wind;
Love for You has made me crazy
Love for You has made me fancy,
Love for You has made me singer
Love for You has made me philosopher,
Love for You has made me poet
Love for You has made me great,
Love for You has made me talent
Love for You has made me important;
Your every command I do respect
Your every command I do follow,
Your every command I do demand
Your every command I do perform,
My love has completely sensed You
For life I do love You, I do love You.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza| 4 December,2017What and how is my mind?
Mind is my soul mate
Mind is my memory
Mind is my conscience;
Mind is my sense
What and how is my mind?
Mind is my sensitivity
Mind is my modesty;
Mind is my honesty
Mind is my rationality
What and how is my mind?
Mind is my virtue;
Mind is my duty
Mind is my responsibility;
For human and for God
What and how is my mind?
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 13 December,2017I read books because just very much like it
I read them everyday when I can night or day
I read and read them more as mood sees fit
I read only books that pleases soul and eye
I read all kind of books so I can grow
I read books that inspires and spirit heal
I read poetry that like a song in heart flow
I read of art poetry fiction and much more
I read and try to get as many books I can
I read and wish have more time to read so
I read and keep books for research and scan
I read and makes me happy thats all I know
I read many books that just can never forget
I read many that just speak to soul and heart
I read tons of them and many havent got yet
I read keep forever from them can never partMore they want to remove darkness
More the darkness does approach,
More they want to mitigate chaos
More the chaos messes all in dense.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │8 February,2018You were well brought up at our days, kids
Eating, drinking, visiting, walking, playing and
Breathing, speaking, feeling, what you liked
On the true identity of us you were founded;
Fearless time in green nature merrily you passed
Chaosless society truly you experienced
Amity, unity, greatness among man you saw
All those fully used to fill your heart and soul;
But we are here fully helpless at your days
We are here fully disturbed at your days
We are here fully tormented at your days
We are here fully dumb and sick at your days;
We cannot eat and breathe freely for pollution
We cannot talk freely for tyranny, warfare situation
We cannot speak freely for wrong regulation
We are made blind and deaf at your days, too;
We are afraid of your future generation, too
Whether they will be accustomed the time to
Or whether they will be more irritated, too
Or whether they will support you to run these, too.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 09/14/2017Your preparation
Your meditation,
Your prayer and admiration
Your spirituality and salvation,
Your contemplation
Your devotion and promotion.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 16 December,2017Scientists of weapons! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Weapons of destructions! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Destructions of humans! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Destructions of societies, civilizations! ! ! !
How they are humans! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
How they are humans! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │20 April,2018Time of originating
Time of running
Time of perishing
Time of resurrecting
Time of judging
Time of feeling
Time of enjoying
Time of suffering.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 09/28/2017My mind is a fertile land,
My heart is a super machine,
My brain is a powerful engineer;
Now if I want, can be self motivated
Can be a famous cultivator
To harvest well
For me and for all,
For life and for soul.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 6 December,2017The All-powerful!
The All-mighty! !
Hearing sudden! ! !
"Who? " May rise a question
Answers come from "Allah", the greatest name,
The Only Owner of the entire universe
And from some of His other names:
He is The Beneficent Who wills goodness for all His creatures
He is The Merciful Who acts with extreme kindness
He is The Eternal Lord Who is with complete Dominion
He is The Most Sacred Who is Pure from every imperfection
He is The Embodiment of Peace Who is free from every imperfection,
........................
.... ....................> will go on >
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza| 27 November,2017Innocent few years after birth
Then men and women
In the earth comes human
At easy or complex tasks in moment
Sinless or sinful actions they attempt,
To pass the angelic, blessed life in the world
To pass the satanic, cursed life in the world
To pass the grandly, logical life in the world
To pass the pompous, luxurious life in the world
To pass the miseries infested life in the world,
To pass the angry, envious, greedy life in the world
To pass the lustful, gayous, bestial life in the world
To pass the furious, murderous, mean life in the world
Most of them are out and out indifferent to right and wrong
That turns the suitable earth into a spot of eternal troubles.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza |10/12/2016The great poets are who spontaneously write their time
Their nature, environs, climate they live in;
Their lifestyles, feelings, manners, behaviors
To themselves, to servants and to all others;
Their ill-well, devil-angelic, human powers
Their superstitions, renovations, reformations
Their responsibilities, demands and sacrifice
Achievements, contributions, cooperations, failures;
Their earning, spending, sharing, donating
Their education, thinking, technique, technology
Their worldly, ethical, morality; philosophy, spirituality
Their relations, connections among one another;
Their family-norm, friends and neighbors
Their culture, society, universe, world and country
Their liking, disliking and collecting everything
From ancestors and on reaching future generations.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 10/05/2017The Way And The Walkers (Anaphora)
15 November, 2018
This is the right path You say
I'm walking,
The way of the world You say
I'm walking,
Then the way of the world You say
I'm walking,
Than the way of the world, too; You say
I'm walking;
From the side way I'm disturbed
But I'm patient,
From the wrong way I'm disturbed
But I'm patient,
From the evil way I'm disturbed
But I'm patient,
From the Satanic way I'm disturbed
But I'm patient;
I'm trying to block the wrong path
You know,
I'm trying to make the walkers of it understand
You know,
I'm trying to say for the right path enough
You know,
I'm trying to try for it my best
You know;
I'm the sufferer from it
You are the Watcher,
I'm the witness of it
You are the Watcher,
I pray to You for solution
You are the Watcher,
I pray to You for judgment
You are the Watcher.Time is eternal
Time is universal,
Creations are on time
Universe is on time
Creatures are on time
Lives are on time,
Things happen in time
Things end in time,
Somewhere time is short
Somewhere time is long
Somewhere time is out
Somewhere time is in start;
Time only goes
Time never stops,
No creation can reach pre-time
Creations only pass time;
In time destroyed much
In time formed much.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza| 28 November,2017When late in the afternoon the sun hangs just above the trees and hillocks,
I think that you must experience the colours of the clouds yourself
I think that it would be pretty in a landscape painting,
I think that this dusk brings a silence, that it’s lonely without you,
I think that you are late, are maybe still working, or have got some other plans
I think that the gathering clouds will catch you with rain,
I think that the doves tomorrow evening will also be in love and coo like this,
I think that the jasmine and lavender tomorrow evening will also fill the air.
I think I will dream of branches that hit from the wind on the roof,
I think that maybe tomorrow I will see you for the last time.When will my angel come?
My breathing's coming so much harder
I think it's time for me to slip away
My soul is coming out my body
And darkness finds my eyes
But then your voice calls me back to light.
Chorus:
When my heart is gone
And my life means naught
And it's just an endless darkness that I trod
I have you
and that soothes my very soul
When I cannot live
And I'm too weak to go on
And there's nothing more that I feel I can do
I have you with me
And that's all I'll ever want
Verse 2:
Your hand is reaching out to catch me
To pull me up from this sea I'm drowning in
And now you put your arms around me
Which causes me to smile =)
Cause when the final blow was coming
You shielded me, you brought me back to health
And when I thought my story'd ended
You came and turned the page
And I am sure that I'll remember
(repeat C)
Shelter me with your wings
So I don't have to fear anything
(4 measures rest-awesome orchestral part =))
You'll never know how much you mean to me, baby.
You gave me love; that's all that I'll ever need
When tears are falling down my face,
you make it better when you hold me
You are my angel
(repeat C 2x)
I have you with me
And that's all I'll ever want
I have you
And that soothes my very soul
When I cannot live
And I'm too weak to go on
And there's nothing more that I feel I can do
I have you with me
And that's all I'll ever want...yeah.Beyond every breath of heart
An angel draw a tear;
in her own way of sensing,
she gave the best of things.
She throw more bits of self
to satisfy her home at rest;
She gambled a bit of her own soul
staggered by the whims
of her own solace.
She recalled a covenant to him at best
to settle with her heart at rest.
A friend, yes am I to her from afar
who took her pains to find a peace impart!Sometimes life gives us severe shock,
Undermines the plans and does block,
The ways of wisdom leading ahead,
Reveals the hands that secretly mock.
An artist thought to paint an angel,
To use the brush for the masterpiece,
But could not conceptualize the image,
Beauty combining innocence, purity.
One morn, at last, he luckily found,
A child playing on the grassy ground,
Having angelic countenance and grace,
Incarnation he was of sublime serenity.
Painted he the angel with skill utmost,
And earned he the world wide fame.
And he after three full fleeting decades,
Thought for the second master-sketch,
Now not of an angel, but of a devil.
He sought for the image far and wide,
But could not find corresponding one,
Fate then led him amid the prison walls,
There inside met he a young wretch man,
With a devilish nature, face and frame.
The master revealed his intent to paint,
Tears came in eyes of the devil formed,
Said he, “Oh! Master it is a matter of woe,
You sketched me an angel thirty years ago.”A small garden, lush with flowers
Pinks and whites and lavenders
Specked with candles in colored glass
Strolled two young and handsome lovers.
The moon was half a glass of wine,
The stars were shards of shattered glass.
The water tumbled through its bed
Where the gentleman walked beside his lass.
The grass wrapped around their ankles
As the candlelight dappled the stream
And the stones shone white in the moon
But none outshone the young girl’s beam.
And I sat on my windowsill,
Watching with a smile for the two,
As I picked up my rough wooden flute
And began to play a romantic tune.Isn't is sad when an angel cries?
Small pearl drops fall from the skies,
holy water flows in tears,
human burdens their only fears.
They live among us everyday,
to help guide us on our way,
it upsets them to hear our lies,
Isn't it sad when an angel cries?
Everyday they absorb our pain,
in their tears it will remain,
we may ask what goods it for?
But everyday they are fighting our war.
Some battles won whilst others lost,
earth to be rebuilt at such a cost,
life streams are broken when they try,
isn't it sad for an angle to cry?It is raining
Slowly
In Detroit tonight.
It makes you think
God has
No sense of time.
Somewhere in the world
There is a girl
Who should have
Her forehead kissed
Before she falls asleepHe walked away into the night,
His knuckles swollen from the fight,
A smile beneath his swollen eye,
Much satisfaction in his sigh.
He left behind a crumpled lump
A man who’d had a well-earned thump,
A bully belly filled with beer,
A crowd that had recoiled in fear.
He’d done his bit and saved the day,
Restored some order to the fray.
They watched him as went from view
Lost in the shadows he passed through.
“Forgive me, Lord”,  he stopped to pray,
“I know that’s not the angels’ way”.
The Lord said “When you deal with man,
You have to do the best you can..
I saw you really had no choice,
I saw those that you helped rejoice.
Now go and read the Holy Book
And do some work on that left hook.”How sweet it were, if without feeble fright,
Or dying of the dreadful beauteous sight,
An angel came to us, and we could bear
To see him issue from the silent air
At evening in our room, and bend on ours
His divine eyes, and bring us from his bowers
News of dear friends, and children who have never
Been dead indeed,--as we shall know forever.
Alas! we think not what we daily see
About our hearths,--angels that are to be,
Or may be if they will, and we prepare
Their souls and ours to meet in happy air;--
A child, a friend, a wife whose soft heart sings
In unison with ours, breeding its future wings.Maybe I have wings
That only need to stretch
For you to see them
The wings that you may see
Are not of the brightest white
But of black with hints of red
I’m not the fairy light of innocence
I don’t shine with unnatural brightness
My thoughts are not the purest
I’m an angel of a different kind
Not the one that sings glory in high or praises Halleluiah
You won’t meet me at St. Peters gates
I’m a dark sort of being
And I may not be the chosen guardian
But I will still guard from afar
Know that I will always be watching
And praying for your well being
And from me love will always be flowing
A dark angelic being
Misunderstood in living
An angel of a different kindAn angel of grace
With beauty to spare
Eyes of pure amber
And velvet soft hair
So lithe and so sleek
Her skin soft and white
A vision from heaven
A breath taking sight
Full of love and compassion
Faith and desire
She touches my heart
With fingers of fire
She harbours my soul
In sweet dreams of bliss
Awaiting with fervour
The touch of her kiss
To send me to heaven
Or condemn me to hell
This Russian roulette
Cast under her spell.An Angel came one morning,
A visit he did pay.
That angel took my baby,
And tore my heart away.
So innocent was my baby,
An angel in my eye.
My baby didn't whimper,
Only gave a little sigh.
I truly love that baby,
More than words could ever say.
Lord, why did that angel come,
And take my babe away?
The answers, I will never know,
For it is your chosen way.
I know my babe's in heaven,
Safe in your arms, I pray.
Lord, help me to see that light,
So that I may understand.
And when I see my babe again,
It is in your promised land.Love...  which love?
What this word mean?
What this word mean if you love someone you did not even see his face?
What this word mean if you love someone you did not even hear his voice?
You know him just by talking on glassy screen
You feel that you know him since long time
You feel that this one is the perfect person to be your best friend
You see him like an angel fall from the sky to take you to the heaven
But why?
Why you put your trust in this person
How do you know that he did not lie on you?
Also you can not confess that you can not believe that this person may be will lie on you
Or if he consider that you are just lie in his life
Because his friendship blinded you
You do not care what he believes in or what his ideas in this life
You know that you are in another life
But you have to know that you do the truth
Because you can not stop your heart of doing somethingAngel angel, tell me true-
Is his heart as big and true
As his eyes make me believe?
Angel, angel, tell me please.
Angel, secret friends are rare;
Such kindly faces, liars wear-
But he's a different kind, I think-
Would he stay, if I should blink?
Angel angel, nights are long;
All for him, I'd write my songs;
Angel, whisper in his ear-
Tell him: 'Joy- when you are near.'Look longingly,
eye on the prize,
distant horizon; whatever...
it is not enough to have
desire burning in your heart,
your loins aching for another...
what then does pain add
to th'equation? ? It is rooted
in trauma of forgotten years
now nightmares remember'd.
Stumbling towards
a new epiphany,
recognition of the Goddess
who inhabits you &
who you most truly are,
your tenderness makes
pain so fresh & new
it hurts just to think about it:
to remember movie images
slide show multimedia playing
in flickers your childhood shame...
Do not fear memory, let it go
release the pain in tears
in poetry any way you can.
Hold that wounded child.
Heal her.  Embrace her tenderly
& let her know she is strong enough,
good enough & she deserves:
just because she is...
& so do you:
angel dancer
spinner of light
mistress of the cool, dark night.
Hold th'evening star in hand,
lead singer of th'angel band,
dancing in a circle
you open your arms & embrace
a glittering, velvet expanse of sky...
(Copyright 11/21/05)Angel eyes are colourblind,
On a whim she lost my mind,
Something's there I'll never find,
Angel eyes are colourblind.
Cigarettes and alcohol
Are all that I have now,
Still I ask and get answered how,
Cigarettes and alcohol.
The pain I feel I can't explain,
Blackened clouds with soaking rain,
She is not a word I'll name,
The pain I feel I can't explain.
Angel wings sing a song,
I know now they can't be wrong,
The path I walk is always long,
Angel wings sing a song.
I am broken I am torn,
I am a life left unborn,
I feel used I feel worn,
I am broken I am torn.
I lie bleeding on the floor,
I know not what this is for,
All I need is more more more,
I lie bleeding on the floor,
Angel eyes are colourblind,
On a whim she lost my mind,
Something's there I'll never find,
Angel eyes are colourblind.An Angel passed my way today,
And left a feather just to say,
I’ll help you, watch you, be your guide,
I’m always with you by your side,
And all the times when you feel low,
I’ll be your strength and help you grow,
And as you take these things from me,
Your eyes will open and you’ll see,
A whole new world begin to form,
A whole new world a brand new dawn,She's sweet as a honey on a bacon
fitted like icings on a cake;
So cloudy, bloomy, and easy
in her own world in calvary.
She seems confused of things can be
like a sunbeam hiding underneath a tree;
You would look at her in gloomy feather
never have gotten to fly on free!
She's sweet as a honey on a bacon
fitted like icings on a cake;
So intriguing, lighting, and melting
in her own world of flying.
She seems downed of things will be
like a skyhawk revving up a sea;
You would see her flirting the storm
never have gotten to land on free!
Oh sweet as it may my angel from home
The whole wide world is yours alone!
Have to carry it last deep in your heart
Your moment of happiness never go fast.Love is some trick
You play on me,
Some sleight, some glance,
Tenacity!
You tumble the sheets
At my marriage bed
And ride with me, desperately
Angel Head.
Caught at your eyes,
Your thighs, your touch,
I ramp at your sighs
Your cries – Enough!
Then drown in lips
That would raise me, dead,
And sleep at you breathlessly,
Angel Head.
17 April 1987You're my angel in disguise
You read my soul with your eyes
Your spirit has entered my heart
And it's my hope we never part
For you are so special to me,
Without you, my heart would weep bitterly.
You're my angel in disguise
Your love comforts my cries
At night you guide me through the strife
And it is for that, my dear angel,
I owe you my life.There's an angel in my pocket
who is watching over me,
just a little voice down deep inside
that I can hear, not see.
I wish that I could let her out
so that everyone could see
'cause we have the greatest secrets,
many things she shares with me.
She whispers little things to do
to make my parents glad
and tells me when there's something
that I want to do that's bad.
Oh I wish that I could see her
not just hear her talk to me...
it's just a little voice down deep inside
that I can hear, not see.There is an angel hiding in the dark
He is a sad one
Though he will not stop
Till he gets his mark
Though he still wont be done
Till he gets to the top
So there will be alot more deaths
Though he does get ticked
Cause his job will always go on
He will put to the tests
To measure how wicked
But that will not change the fact of him being a con
But be warned
For you will meet the fate
of all those mourned
This is in the Dark angels stateIn the darkness of your sorrow
In the emptiness of grief
When the hope of understanding has gone dim,
From a realm beyond the senses
Comes a warmth beyond belief
As silent wings enfold  your troubled soul:
Let an angel work its wonder
Let it circle you with light
As you sacrifice the burdens of your heart,
Soon the fearfulness is lifted
With the darkness of the night
Let the wonders of your spirit be restored;
For an angel has embraced you
With a passion undefined,
An endless love surpassing time and space -
And once that love has touched you
You will know beyond the mind
That your soul has found a state of perfect grace.May angels always care for you,
May they keep you standing tall,
May they whisper in your ears words of wisdom,
May they show you what you need to know
May you always have an angel,
Sent by God to your side,
Someone there to catch you fast,
If sometimes you were to fall
May you have someone wonderful to love,
May angels teach you love untold,
May you have hopes to keep you safe and warm,
And give you all the gifts of love and life
May they keep their lights on you,
To guide every step of your way,
And keep you from each and all harm,
Each and every new day
May you always have an angel,
That speaks through your heart,
To help you pick up the pieces,
When everything for you goes badWho cut your wings my angel?
Who destroyed your dreams today?
Who kneeled you down to humiliate you?
And who put your soul in a cage?
Let me cure you love
Let me give you my love
Angel of love don't fall down
Don't abandon yourself
Who tied your arms, tied your wish?
Who killed your smile, killed your life?
Who bled your lips and your creed?
Why did you let it happen angel of love?
Angel of love
Open your wings and let your dreams fly
Let me cure you love
I'll give you all my love
Angel of love please don't fall againWhen you think you're all alone
and troubles come your way
There's an angel on your shoulder
To guide you everyday.
With a white light
Shining brightly
To protect you day and night
This angel on your shoulder.
Will never leave your sight.You call me an angel of love and of light,
A being of goodness and heavenly fire,
Sent out from God’s kingdom to guide you aright,
In paths where your spirits may mount and aspire.
You say that I glow like a star on its course,
Like a ray from the alter, a spark from the source.
Now list to my answer; let all the world hear it;
I speak unafraid what I know to be true:
A pure, faithful love is the creative spirit
Which makes women angels! I live in but you.
We are bound soul to soul by life’s holiest laws;
If I am an angel – why, you are the cause.
As my ship skims the sea, I look up from the deck.
Fair, firm at the wheel shines Love’s beautiful form,
And shall I curse the barque that last night went to wreck,
By the Pilot abandoned to darkness and storm?
My craft is no stauncher, she too had been lost –
Had the wheelman deserted, or slept at his post.
I laid down the wealth of my soul at your feet
(Some woman does this for some man every day) .
No desperate creature who walks in the street,
Has a wickeder heart that I might have, I say,
Had you wantonly misused the treasures you woon,
-As so many men with heart riches have done.
This flame from God’s altar, this holy love flame,
That burns like sweet incense for ever for you,
Might now be a wild conflagration of shame,
Had you tortured my heart, or been base or untrue.
For angels and devils are cast in one mould,
Till love guides them upward, or downward, I hold.
I tell you the women who make fervent wives
And sweet tender mothers, had Fate been less fair,
Are the women who might have abandoned their lives
To the madness that springs from and ends in despair.
As the fire on the hearth which sheds brightness around,
Neglected, may level the walls to the ground.
The world makes grave errors in judging these things,
Great good and great evil are born in one breast.
Love horns us and hoofs us – or gives us our wings,
And the best could be worst, as the worst could be best.
You must thank your own worth for what I grew to be,
For the demon lurked under the angel in me.I walked
upon
a
Darkened Path.
and
found there
an
Angel corpse
with rotting
flesh
and
plagued
with
Maggots
writhing
in it's
Skull...
It's
Wings
were
Ripped and
Torn
off
Leaving
Deep
Bloody
holes...I squint through the keyhole,
Push open the door,
Pearly white feathers lie strewn on the floor.
From pigeons these feathers could well have been hacked,
But blood streams in rivers from a dark angel's back.
Who would have committed this hideous crime?
Pulled the wings off an angel and hurled her through time?
The knife in her grasp silently answers for me,
There's a reason she sits there, all naked and gory.
To be human's her wish,
Just one sacrifice.
Will grant her desire,
Her wings will suffice.
Her hair is all matted and her hand shakes with pain,
But her eyes show no loss,
Only sparkle with gain.
She's amazed at the knowledge that she's human at last,
Time to move on and invent a new past.
Her bright smile falters,
Her eyes show new fear.
No longer immortal,
Her blood debt's too dear.
I back through the feathers still scattered on the floor,
Take the key from the keyhole and pull shut the door.I saw an angel with a broken wing
I saw an angel cry
I mended it with bits of string
And told her she could fly.
I handed her my handkerchief
To wipe the tear away
And told her all was well again
I think I made her day.
She thanked me with an angel's kiss
And like a butterfly
She closed her wings then opened them
And rose into the sky.
Now she is back in heaven
And I'm here on the ground
And I think somehow that we got
Our roles the wrong way round.My sweet beautiful angel.
Sent to me from above.
I am so grateful to have found you,
and I give you all my love.
You must have come from heaven,
because you have pretty little angel eyes.
When you gaze at me with them,
my heart begins to fly.
Your sweet angelic voice,
continuously rings in my ears.
With you by my side,
there is nothing I fear.
Whenever we are together,
You shine with a heavenly glow.
Your beautiful angel face,
raises me up from feeling low.
Yes, heaven is missing an angel,
because you are here with me.
You're my sweet, beautiful angel,
and I'll love you for eternity!angel
my baby
my little girl
a christmas baby
my little angelIt’s been five months since you went away
Left without a word and nothing to say
When I was the one who gave you my heart and soul
But it wasn’t good enough for you, no
So I asked god
God send me an angel
From the heavens above
Send me an angel to heal my broken heart
From being in love
’cause all I do is cry
God send me an angel
To wipe the tears from my eyes
And I know it might sound crazy
But after all that I still love you
You wanna come back in my life
But now there is something I have to do
I have to tell the one that I once adored
That they can’t have my love no more
Cause my heart can’t take no more lies
And my eyes are all out of cries
God send me an angel
From the heavens above
Send me an angel to heal my broken heart
From being in love
’cause all I do is cry
God send me an angel
To wipe the tears from my eyes
Now you had me on my knees
Begging God please to send you back to me
I couldn’t eat, I couldn’t sleep
You made me feel like I could not breathe
Now all I wanted to do was to feel your touch
And give you all my love
But you took my love for granted
Want my lovin’ now
But you can’t have it
God
God send me an angel
From the heavens above
Send me an angel to heal my broken heart
From being in love
’cause all I do is cry
God send me an angel
To wipe the tears from my eyes
Oh god, send me (God send me an angel)
An angel (wipe the tears from my eyes)  oh baby
Send me an angel from the heavens above
Send me an angel (God send me an angel)
From being in love (send me an angel)
Oh god, send me an angel
Send me an angel (send me an angel)
Ooohhhh..Morning, evening, noon and night,
``Praise God!; sang Theocrite.
Then to his poor trade he turned,
Whereby the daily meal was earned.
Hard he laboured, long and well;
O'er his work the boy's curls fell.
But ever, at each period,
He stopped and sang, ``Praise God!''
Then back again his curls he threw,
And cheerful turned to work anew.
Said Blaise, the listening monk, ``Well done;
``I doubt not thou art heard, my son:
``As well as if thy voice to-day
``Were praising God, the Pope's great way.
``This Easter Day, the Pope at Rome
``Praises God from Peter's dome.''
Said Theocrite, ``Would God that I
``Might praise him, that great way, and die!''
Night passed, day shone,
And Theocrite was gone.
With God a day endures alway,
A thousand years are but a day.
God said in heaven, ``Nor day nor night
``Now brings the voice of my delight.''
Then Gabriel, like a rainbow's birth,
Spread his wings and sank to earth;
Entered, in flesh, the empty cell,
Lived there, and played the craftsman well;
And morning, evening, noon and night,
Praised God in place of Theocrite.
And from a boy, to youth he grew:
The man put off the stripling's hue:
The man matured and fell away
Into the season of decay:
And ever o'er the trade he bent,
And ever lived on earth content.
(He did God's will; to him, all one
If on the earth or in the sun.)
God said, ``A praise is in mine ear;
``There is no doubt in it, no fear:
``So sing old worlds, and so
``New worlds that from my footstool go.
``Clearer loves sound other ways:
``I miss my little human praise.''
Then forth sprang Gabriel's wings, off fell
The flesh disguise, remained the cell.
'Twas Easter Day: he flew to Rome,
And paused above Saint Peter's dome.
In the tiring-room close by
The great outer gallery,
With his holy vestments dight,
Stood the new Pope, Theocrite:
And all his past career
Came back upon him clear,
Since when, a boy, he plied his trade,
Till on his life the sickness weighed;
And in his cell, when death drew near,
An angel in a dream brought cheer:
And rising from the sickness drear
He grew a priest, and now stood here.
To the East with praise he turned,
And on his sight the angel burned.
``I bore thee from thy craftsman's cell
``And set thee here; I did not well.
``Vainly I left my angel-sphere,
``Vain was thy dream of many a year.
``Thy voice's praise seemed weak; it dropped---
``Creation's chorus stopped!
``Go back and praise again
``The early way, while I remain.
``With that weak voice of our disdain,
``Take up creation's pausing strain.
``Back to the cell and poor employ:
``Resume the craftsman and the boy!''
Theocrite grew old at home;
A new Pope dwelt in Peter's dome.
One vanished as the other died:
They sought God side by side.i smile a fake smile
so no one can actually see
that my pain is over whelming
that i could never leave
if any one were to ask,
i would have to say
i'm a broken angel
or i could fly away
no one has ever noticed
my eyes are always filled with tears
my heart is always breaking
and i don't want to be here
i don't think i'm an angel
for i don't believe in it
but in some ways i'm a BROKEN angel
hoping to fly away
i sperad my wings
i try to fly
but my hope
has already died
i let tears fall
i yell to someone
i reach out my hand
i run down the hall
no one chases after me
no one screams my name
i'll try to fly
if my wings don't burn
i'm a broken angel
i WANT to fly away
this broken angel
has almost died
i can't go to heaven
i've sinned too much
i can't go to hell
i've sinned not enough
i'm a broken angel
i need to fly
THIS broken angel
has pretty much diedi was lost and alone, as I always am,
no one's around me nor understands
no one seems to care
I am waiting til it comes
they say its okay
and love me in some way
But just when I trust to love,
they forget what they say
i held the knife so close
as tears fall mixed with blood with purpose
began to fall slowly and lose
like a crazy crying  dead rose
i put the knife away and tried to wipe the blood,
that ran faster than I can describe.
an angel tapped my back
i saw him with wide open heart
thank you angel, my dear angel love
you took me out of the dark
and bring back my soul
you are angel, you are my all
- i love u my dark angel -(Humbly dedicated to my only angel, my cricket angel, my dark angel)
As I woke up from dreaming
I quickly stood up scared and crying
Suddenly, I heard a whisper inviting
T’was a strange voice I was seeking
I looked around my dark lonely room
I find nothing and still all alone
Night was about to end that dawn
Hopeless, Yes! That’s my home
Sun started to rise in the morning
Someone touched me with an invisible wing
Wrapped with  his arms around my being
He was an angel, I was waiting!
Dark angel, my angel - you are amazing
Faith and love are just same things
For an angel like you, I received these blessings
I LOVE YOU my angel, you filled my soul with meaning
always,
(your butterfly angel)As she walks through
the darkness
She feels the eyes
Burning a whole in her
She knows that its him
Her Dark Angel
Her protector
Her lover
Everything that she is
supposed to hate
But she cant help herself
Love is swelling inside of her
For her Dark Angel
Her handsome, sweet,
Dark Angel.I see you now,
and it makes me cry in my heart,
one so beautiful, and yet,
so damaged and messed up inside.
The scars that line your arms,
look like the intricate artwork of a tattooist,
those razor cuts and puncture wounds,
signs of a desparate cry for help.
That vacant look upon your face,
the doctors miracle cure;
Prozac, takes all your troubles away,
but all it does is pushes them deeper inside.
I see you now,
and it makes me cry in my heart,
one so beautiful, and yet,
so damaged and messed up inside.
My dark angel...guess what? other boys
ask god for heaven, holiday
and presents but i ask god
for an angel, white angel
with his big feathery wings
like what we see of gabriel
and guess what? yes, god did send
the angel to my dream one night
so huge were his wings
i found myself ruffling the feathers
as he stood tall
without even uttering a word
the strong feathers
which felt so warm
then the sudden fear
that he was coming
to take away mother
angel does this thing
says the bible
how i had cried
screamed that he would not
take mom away
the heaven reverberated
with my plea
i woke up tearsoaked
and glad that it was just a dream
glad that god had let me
see an angel
an angel with his large
feathery wings
that stands so tallDo you know who you are, earth angel.
You leave a lasting impression,
to everyone you see and touch,
You do it at your own discretion, and
you do it oh so much.
You do not fly, you have no wings,
but you have so many other things.
You have that face of mellow, that
Melancholy way.  You have a smile
that lingers and the soft touch of
your fingers.
Do you know who you are, earth angel.
I long to be near you, to feel your warm
embrace.     I feel empowered when I look
into your face. I love to listen to your
inspiration and the wisdom of your years.
It is then when I feel the formation of
happy, flowing tears.
Do you know who you are, earth angel.
You have been given a very special job,
from the  master up  above, a job that
allows you to spread an array of fragrant
love.
You were born on this earth and given
a light within.  A light that shines bright
to friends, strangers and kin.  You have
the ability to give that peaceful essence,
to those that must give up their earthly
bodily presence.
Do you know who you are, earth angel.
You are a seed of nature, a glowing
earthly creature with gifts of heavenly
glints to bestow upon earths people. The
fathers and the mothers, the sisters and the
brothers, the aunts and the uncles, the
cousins and the friends. You have much
work to do with the enemies too.  You
won’t be afraid, to you it’s very clear, you
always knew there was a special reason for
your presence here.
Earth angel, this has become your passion.
You know now what to do, now is the time
to accept your blessings and see them
through.
Written:  July 21/2006Being an earthbound angel
her wings curled up
enclosing her/cloaking her
parted letting him in
watching herself from afar
each time desiring/regretting the parting
lost in sensuous pleasures
feeding baser appetites
in the garden of earthly delights
in search of an unbounded love
seeking an Adonis
a satyr/a faun
who satisfies her desires
unable to see beyond the masks
willingly seduced
after a few drinks
the short lived affair
lasting a night or a weekend
left feeling confused
only to begin her search again -
From out of her eyes I see
a light shimmering
round about her body
shimmers
as she dips her wings in mud
the light fades
the burden too great
she goes on to fulfill her fate
trapped in an unending cycle
believing she can expect no more
of life than this
shapes her life to come
of an unending line of lovers
in the end all the same
all interchangeable -
Awakened from my apathetic cynical slumber
her angelic singing soothes
me for a moment /gives me hope
as her wings unfold
I desire to be enfolded
by the golden haired angel
her eyes innocent & forgiving
her face full of light
to be enfolded in her wings
of shimmering pure light
to soar above this city
bathed in her cool bluesy voice
before she becomes earthbound again -Verse 1:
Life is like a broken dream
And I can't even feel you out there anymore
(No I can't, and it kills me)
Baby, yes I'm still your angel
But my wings fell out so long ago
And now flying o'er horizon's just a wistful stare
My Nirvana's shot to Hell
And I do not think that there
Will ever be a sanctuary here
A demon rages in my soul
My body longs for desecration
Though I know there's no light beyond the tunnel there
And Twilight calls to me
Bids me sleep endlessly
The halo from my hair
Falls to the floor.
Verse 2:
If you see my broken heart
Could you tell it where I am and where I'm gonna be
(It I've lost, and I'd like it back)
I'm consumed by flames of darkness
And my mind is cursed with fantasies
That I know will never be more than forgotten dreams
My Nirvana's shot to Hell
And I know for sure that there
Will never be a sanctuary here (in me)
That demon rages in my soul
A beast that I  still yearn to vanquish
But I've no strength to lift my hand and crush it there
The darkness calls to me
And now I cannot sleep
I'm begging baby save
Me from myself
(repeat section, humming first 6 bars and singing last 4)
And sunlight blinds my eyes
Catches me by surprise
I know I'll never see
That dawn againHow do I say this?
I guess I'll start out with 'thank you.'
It's always seemed that I was never really able to explain
How much you mean to me
How all those conversations that you probably didn't think twice about
Made me feel so blessed just to know you
You've been more than just a friend, you've been my guardian angel
Some of my other friends watch out for me
And they sometimes help me when I'm depressed
But you were always there to find out what was the matter even if no one else was
You were always so persistant, asking 'What's wrong? Is there anything I can do? '
Sometimes the answer was no, no one could help me
And yet you didn't give up. 'Please tell me if you're willing, I just want to make you feel better.'
You got annoying sometimes, you were so stubborn.
Thank you.
You weren't perfect, no, no one is, but it always seemed to me that you were so close.
I guess I wanted to be more like you, because you were such a wonderful person
Most friends don't last forever, I know,
But I've been praying that you and I stay friends for eternity
Because otherwise I don't think I can make it
Without you my life would be worthless
What would I do with myself? I wouldn't know where to go
But you've always been there to guide me, helping me even when you didn't realize it.
I could've sworn that your mere presence was slowly healing old wounds
You made me laugh, and you would have cried with me if I'd asked
I don't think I can express in words how grateful I am to you, just for putting up with me.
I know it must be hard.
Knowing you surely won't mind, I hope I can ask just one more favor?
Never stop being who you are
And never leave me. I know I drive you up the wall sometimes but I need you.
Thank you, my guardian angel.
My fallen angel.I have fallen from sky,
Fallen to the ground,
I am the angel of sadness,
Angel of lost hopes,
Angel of lost dreams,
I am the fallen angel,
Fear me not,
I am here for reason,
That reason is to have a second chance in life,
That life I was given for a reason,
They took my wings,
They took me apart made me human,
I was the fallen angel,
But that fallen angel had one chance in life that she was given,
This angel won’t make the same mistakes she made before,
This angel will go down the right path that has been chosen for her,
This fallen angel know what she has to do to be forgiven.Falling Angel
Thank you for saving me from falling once again
God send us some sunny days and cloudy days also
Good night falling angel
And see you again tomorrow morning
Go and fly high
Let it shine above the cloudy sky
Falling Angel
You are wearing that beautiful dress with gold rim
That dress looks beautiful on you
It is one of a kind
I never saw anything like that beforeSo sweet; so innocent, the child of heaven
Fallen into revulsion, called Earth
Calling out to the depraved to love
And be loved
Innocent child; you are a fatuous Angel
An Angel, who should have come
Long before the conception of aversion
You could have saved the lives
of the fools that have forsaken and
destroyed what was built for them
Angel Child, can you save the fallen world now?
I think not!
You have come much too late
Our salvation is lost!
Our hopes are dissolved in desolation
I was once a believer, Angel Child
But now I do not know what to believe in
I do not feel
And I fear I have lost myself
I envision that tomorrow will bring yet more sorrow
Why have you come now
when life has lost its continuum
I once dreamt of peace, purity, concord, entente
Now I dream of madness!
Madness that has invaded this world
Madness that dwells on war, violence, antipathy, perversion
And so on
I hate the way we die in bloodshed
On what was once the Promised Land
Is it a test that God is showering on us
to consummation
Ha! I laugh at you, because you finally made me doubt
And hope once more
Hope for change!
Hope for salvation!
Angel you give hope and abandon us
And leave us to the wrath of humanity
Don’t do this to me!
Not now; not ever
Go away and leave me alone
Change the world Angel; and I will venerate you!
January 1998 – ©Copyright Lynette Dias-GouveiaI wish I knew an angel with a warm and tender soul.
One to send Uriah so his heart could then feel whole.
He's such a  sweet romantic and he knows just what to say.
I can't believe that ''Mrs. Right'' has never come his way.
It hurts to feel his lonliness and truly feel his need.
To find a woman for this man would be so great indeed.
His tenderness could soften the heart of any beast.
Let's get a thousand women to prepare a lovely feast.
He is the guest of honor and I hope you'll all attend.
Let's find this man an angel to be with him til the end.What is love?
An abstract word thrown recklessly about,
in this modern age of chaos.
Uttered between emotionally charged individuals,
crying out to find a reason;
A reason for life, a meaning for existance.
Perhaps this is so;
But without love, this world would descend
Into the realm of hatred that entangles it.
To me, you embody love!
Despite the endless trials and turmoil,
Your tender heart breathes affection.
Your compassionate soul seeks to find
The feature of redemption in all.
No malice can survive the torrent of love,
That courses through your veins.
Encompassing your heart with a halo,
of breathtaking sparkles.
When you walk in a room, you radiate love,
The room becomes a spectrum of light;
Tendrils of light that unfurl blissfully,
And shed gold on the darkest of places.
The smile on your face, so pure and so kind,
Embodies the child within -
The irrational, unquestioning, bravest of love,
That dares to shine out in the dark.
You are my angel;
Never change.Guardian angel
You came just
At the right time
Watching me is my guardian angel
You kept me alive all the time
I believe in my guardian angel
He watches me
There were times that were tough
There were days that I didn't know
If I would be alive
After all I've gone through this year
Guardian Angel
Stay and watch me
I like to have someone like you around
The light is shining
Twinkling, twinkling
Twinkling, star
Shining above
In the sky of
São Paulo
Guardian angel
Don't leave me lonely
Protect me and guide me
Against all evil thingsI owe my every effort to
Her love, everlasting and true.
In her silence, I am able to speak
and see all things beautiful.
She never left me.
She isn't gone.
I walk in solitude,
but never alone.
The angel watches me.
And in my dreams
she visits me
with a smile that's comforting
And in the morning, when I wake
I have her song to sing.You never stand alone
When your guardian angel is always near,
During the moments of trials and tribulation,
You will never be overcome with fear.
His presence may not be seen,
Regardless of where you are,
Rest assured that his halo is always shining
Like the brightest, heavenly star.
You never stand alone,
When in your heart you know,
Your guardian angel is your protectorate,
Who hovers over you and loves you so.A PICTURE AT FANO.
I.
Dear and great Angel, wouldst thou only leave
That child, when thou hast done with him, for me!
Let me sit all the day here, that when eve
Shall find performed thy special ministry,
And time come for departure, thou, suspending
Thy flight, mayst see another child for tending,
Another still, to quiet and retrieve.
II.
Then I shall feel thee step one step, no more,
From where thou standest now, to where I gaze,
---And suddenly my head is covered o'er
With those wings, white above the child who prays
Now on that tomb---and I shall feel thee guarding
Me, out of all the world; for me, discarding
Yon heaven thy home, that waits and opes its door.
III.
I would not look up thither past thy head
Because the door opes, like that child, I know,
For I should have thy gracious face instead,
Thou bird of God! And wilt thou bend me low
Like him, and lay, like his, my hands together,
And lift them up to pray, and gently tether
Me, as thy lamb there, with thy garment's spread?
IV.
If this was ever granted, I would rest
My bead beneath thine, while thy healing hands
Close-covered both my eyes beside thy breast,
Pressing the brain, which too much thought expands,
Back to its proper size again, and smoothing
Distortion down till every nerve had soothing,
And all lay quiet, happy and suppressed.
V.
How soon all worldly wrong would be repaired!
I think how I should view the earth and skies
And sea, when once again my brow was bared
After thy healing, with such different eyes.
O world, as God has made it! All is beauty:
And knowing this, is love, and love is duty.
What further may be sought for or declared?
VI.
Guercino drew this angel I saw teach
(Alfred, dear friend!)---that little child to pray,
Holding the little hands up, each to each
Pressed gently,---with his own head turned away
Over the earth where so much lay before him
Of work to do, though heaven was opening o'er him,
And he was left at Fano by the beach.
VII.
We were at Fano, and three times we went
To sit and see him in his chapel there,
And drink his beauty to our soul's content
---My angel with me too: and since I care
For dear Guercino's fame (to which in power
And glory comes this picture for a dower,
Fraught with a pathos so magnificent)---
VIII.
And since he did not work thus earnestly
At all times, and has else endured some wrong---
I took one thought his picture struck from me,
And spread it out, translating it to song.
My love is here. Where are you, dear old friend?
How rolls the Wairoa at your world's far end?
This is Ancona, yonder is the sea.limestone, with traces of polychromy, c. 1250
Point Dume was the point,
he said, but we never came close,
no matter how far we walked the shale
broken from California.
Someone's garden
had slipped, hanging itself by a vine
from the cliffs of some new Babylon
past Malibu.
Drowning the words,
the wind didn't fling back in our faces,
the Pacific washed up a shell:
around an alabastron
of salt water for the dead,
seaweed rustled its papers, drying them out,
until it died.  Waves kept crashing
into the heart
of each shell
I held to my ear like a phone,
but they were just the waves of my blood.
And through it all
I heard him say,
how could it be nine months ago
his grandson had taken his own life,
somewhere back east?
He was fifteen.
O Pacific, what good is our grief?
Something screamed at the sandy child
who poured seawater
into a hole.
Child, you'll never empty the ocean,
Augustine said.  How can I believe?
The wet fist of a wave
dissolved in sand.
Like a saint, a seagull flapped down the beach
in search of something raw—an angel
with an empty pail?
No, a teenage boy,
hands big as a man's, held a sea slug
quaking like an aspic.  Under a rock, another
drew into its body
a creature
larger than itself.  Live, said Death,
to child and childless alike, indifferently.
I am coming.Actually, the whole entire poem's subject to change.  give tips if you want.  Dedicated to all the people I've ever cared about, even the ones who hurt me, played me, and lied to me.  They were my angels...once upon a time. Based on a painfully true story.
i still dream about it...
reaching across the chasm
to grasp your hand.
i didn't make it there,
but i did catch a glimpse
of your angelic face
and the smile that graced it;
a light  piercing through,
compassionate and pure-
it caused tears to flow down
from my eyes.
a whole world separates
us now...an entire destiny
graced by another
more capable goddess than i.
i am vexed, yet consoled for the moment
by this bittersweet phantasma-
the vision of you...
reaching out for my hand.I heard an Angel singing
When the day was springing,
'Mercy, Pity, Peace
Is the world's release.'
Thus he sung all day
Over the new mown hay,
Till the sun went down
And haycocks looked brown.
I heard a Devil curse
Over the heath and the furze,
'Mercy could be no more,
If there was nobody poor,
And pity no more could be,
If all were as happy as we.'
At his curse the sun went down,
And the heavens gave a frown.
Down pour'd the heavy rain
Over the new reap'd grain ...
And Miseries' increase
Is Mercy, Pity, Peace."It was wrong to do this," said the angel.
"You should live like a flower,
Holding malice like a puppy,
Waging war like a lambkin."
"Not so," quoth the man
Who had no fear of spirits;
"It is only wrong for angels
Who can live like the flowers,
Holding malice like the puppies,
Waging war like the lambkins."They were a soft kiss that he felt on his lips.
The kiss was gentle and made him fell warm.
The kiss made him fell safe and secure.
Just for the special seconds he had her in his arms.
Even then this angel who kiss him disappeared.
He knows that deep in his heart.
He had a kiss of an angel in his heart.In the heaven above was a little horny Angel
Now this Angel had been naughty, very naughty
And was going to be sent down to earth as a penalty
The angel would have to stay until it had learned it's lesson
Now this little angel had to fix it's thorn, to get re-born
The Horny Angel decided to go to the heart of all evil
The angel flew down to the bad-est part of Amsterdam
In the middle of the red light district, were all the horny ladies are
The angel went from door to door, hoping to help someone
But to the angels astonishment all was great in the red-light?
The angel found that they helped people to be happy, release
built up pressure inside that would explode normally, and hurt someone
So the angel flew back up to see the main man and tell him all
The main man listened and took note, but now it was his call
Well Little horny angel, I see a lot of presure inside this heaven
The little horny angel said: ' thats all sorted I open at seven'They met back when they were both young
She gave him the love and the hope that he
Needed to fulfill his dreams
Now she is the lost angel he misses at night
She watches over him day and night
Trying to keep him out of harms way
Never knowing if he'll listen to her whispers of
warning and love
A lost angel to him
Yet she's not so far away
Trying to get through to him
To let him know she's okay
'I'll never leave you
I'll never stop loving you
I'll always be here for you just call my name'
She is constantly whispering that to her lover
Letting him know that she hasn't left him
She will constantly be near in his heart to protect
and love him
He may think she is a lost angel but if he listens
to the wind she is talking to him constantly
A lost angel with a goal
To protect and love the one she loves
To guide him through until the right time
Always whispering and saying
'Call my name and I'll be there'
She doesn't want him to stop loving others
Actually she wants him to live his life
After all there is time for her to love and
protect him
'Wait until the time is right
You will know when it is time to come home to me
For I will be there with open arms
To hold you close and never let go'
'Always know that I love you
I will never leave you alone in this world
You'll find another love and give her your heart
While knowing that I am there with you'
A lost angel smiled for a change
When the man she loves listened to her advice
Now he knows his lost angel never left
She is always by his side
The love of his life
His lost angelWhen the night comes then your voice calm down
When the moon begin to sail in the sky
then your eyes are closing down to sleep
You fall asleep while dim light illuminates your room
I love to watch you sleep my little girl
You sleep like a little angel within your dreams
Your hair falls both sides of your face and
your hands  folded in to the blanket
Your pillows and bunnies are speard around you
You breath soft and low while your innocent heart
beat slowly to the merry tune
I love to watch you sleep my little baby
When I want to kiss you to say good night in your sleep
then you toss your head and stretch your little body
and turn around sleep again while holding your pillow
God brought you to me and given you as his gift
and today you are the greatest treasure in my life
Someone to laugh and dance and sing in my home
I love to watch you sleep my angel
Ravi Sathasivam / Sri Lanka
Copyright @2004 Ravi SathasivamI know I haven't really been a good friend,
and I know I could of tried a little harder,
but you see I can't tell you,
how I feel about you,
the world would reject me if I did,
but I'm willing to try,
and go over the edge,
and show you how I Feel about you,
when we meet,
I was in such bad shape,
my life was crumbling all around me,
until I meet you,
my life was engulfed in darkness,
I was engulfed in my own self-pity,
I had an inescapable demon,
living inside of my head,
I had pain inside of heart,
I felting nothing but pain,
for months and months,
I thought it was inedible,
until I meet you that day,
not really suspecting anyone that would,
really care about me,
not suspecting that anyone that would even love me,
love me,
like the way that you do,
My Angel (In The Darkness)
My Angel (In The Darkness)
My Angel (In The Darkness)
I couldn't believe what I was seeing,
nor what I was saying or what I was hearing,
the world had rejected you for what you are,
and what you've done,
but do they have the eyes that I do?
was it insane of me,
to see you as the angel,
that I know you are,
and not the demon that they all make you out to be,
was I insane to see the goodness inside of you,
and was it crazy that you took the darkness outside of me,
My Angel (In The Darkness)
My Angel (In The Darkness)
My Angel (In The Darkness)
We spent each day,
and we spent each know confessing,
our sins to each other,
like it was alright,
and we knew we'd listen to each other,
but I must confess,
that’s not all that I need,
that’s not all that I want,
all that I need,
and all that I want is your love,
and your sweet choice,
the way that you would look at me and smile,
and tell me everything was going to be alright,
and just help me hold on a little bit longer,
hold on a little bit longer,
My Angel (In The Darkness)
My Angel (In The Darkness)
My Angel (In The Darkness)
she told me its okay,
to let your feelings go,
and tell people how you feel,
and if you love them,
but I couldn't really do that,
there was only one person that I've loved,
one person I could only love unconditionally
and love without temptation,
She’s My Angel (In The Darkness) ,
The only Angel I'm going to love,
My Angel (In The Darkness) ,
the only Angel I trust
My Angel (In The Darkness)
as she was there for me,
I'm going to be there for her,
I'm know her Angel In the darkness,
I am know the one that will love her unconditionally
and without temptation,
I just wanted her to know,
how much I love her and cherish her,
I love you,
My Angel (In The Darkness)His eyes,
They follow,
Expecting...
I touch his face-
Your innocent without
Knowing it.
My Angel
The shadows gather
And he warms me
Thrills,
Holds me,
His eyes are dark,
My Angel
My soul it trails,
hoping, expecting,
Dreaming...
My AngelAn angel floated overhead,
With such soft gentle eyes,
I lay entranced upon my bed,
'Is this like when one dies? ',
The notion flashed quick through my mind,
How was it he was here,
Why was he hovering, I was inclined,
To ask, but I in fear
Did not have courage to move or speak,
I seemed completely dumb,
There was no way that I could seek
An answer, I felt too numb.
He spread his wings and flew away,
The mists rolled in above,
And I sensed that I just had to pray,
My heart was filled with love.
I raised my head and looked around,
And then suddenly I knew
It was a dream and with awareness, found
My angel had been you!
©   Ernestine Northoverthe stars are in your eyes
the moon is in your lips
the sun is in your skin
it makes you glow...
just like an angel....
the angel in my heart
you keep it together when it starts fall apart.
cause your my angel..
my gaurdian angel...
your there through it all...
you catch me when i fall..
you never leave me behind
youre there waiting with me no matter the time...o my angel, whom is suspended, ..
suspended between the sky and the earth....
whom always, i wish to reach you, ...
whom always, i dream that i reached your heart, ...
don`t ask any one, whom is your beloved, ..
and don`t choose him, by how he looks like, ...
ask your heart, ..
just ask your heart, ...
only your heart, whom knows the answer, ..
and know, who is your beloved, ..
and know, whom is your man, ..
from between all men in the world....
i put my name in your list, ...
as any dress in your closet, ..
and maybe that to hesitate for, to choose, ..
between your dresses, ..
and i accept that, ..
to be chosen or not, ..
but i accept that, ...
and because i love you, ..
i accept to be in that, ..
and to be as a hostage..There's an Angel within me who KNOWS what I need.
I can have what I ask for, if I only BELIEVE.
My Angel is with me where ever I go.
If there is DANGER ahead, my Angel will KNOW.
When I KNOW in my HEART, and can SEE with my mind,
I can have what I ask for. I'm a child of the DIVINE.
If I want something SPECIAL, I need only to THINK.
My Angel within me, creates, QUICK AS A WINK!
My Angel and I, are ONE of a kind.
When I want to SEE one, I can LOOK, with my MIND.My fallen angel,
My blessing,
Your tragedy,
On your way to heaven,
I grabbed your wings,
And pulled you to me,
Seeped your warmth,
And left you cold,
My fallen angel,
Guide of beauty,
Fallen angel I'm sorry,
Your tragedies my blessing,
I can't let you go,
Heavens too far,
Fallen angel,
Stay where you fell.
Stay with me.I was there when you were born,
everyone said that you looked like an angel.
For me you were an angel.
The nurse put you in my arms
and I was trembling..
I was afraid to hold you,
I was told that babies are fragile,
you only turn up to be fragile later on.
I watched you grow.
I was there when you said your first word,
when you took your first step,
when your first tooth appeared
and you smiled at me with a relief.
I knew you loved me..
I could see it in your eyes,
when you were looking at me
with all the innocence of the world.
I could feel it in your touch,
each time you held my hand
and hid behind me
when grownups were making fool of themselves
trying to make you smile.
Every afternoon,
after a tiring day,
when for everyone else
I had no time to spare,
I always had time for you,
my precious baby brother.
You drew a yellow circle,
with a few wavy lines
and you shouted with pride: Sun!
It was the prettiest sun I had ever seen.
At nights you liked bed time stories,
with mean dragons,
brave knights
and imprisoned princesses.
You said that when you grow up
you want to be a knight with a shiny panoply
or at least an astronaut.
Instead you became an angel
and you flew away one sunny afternoon..
Since then,
every time I feel sad,
I sense the warmth of my guardian angel's wings,
and I have no doubt that
they are your wings..When looking back I dimly see
The trails my feet have trod,
Some hand divine, it seems to me,
Has pulled the strings with God;
Some angel form has lifeward leaned
When hope for me was past;
Some love sublime has intervened
To save me at the last.
For look you! I was born a fool,
Damnation was my fate;
My lot to drivel and to drool,
Egregious and frutrate.
But in the deep of my despair,
When dark my doom was writ,
Some saving hand was always there
to pull me from the Pit.
A Guardian Angel - how absurd!
I scoff at Power Divine.
And yet . . . a someone spoke the word
That willed me from the swine.
And yet, despite my scorn of prayer,
My lack of love or friend,
I know a Presence will be there,
To save me at the end.From the moment we met
Something felt right
You’ve been here through my problems
You have never once let me down
You have been my guardian angel
This I have to tell you
I feel as though you’re always near and watching over me
To take care of me when I needed it
Your light shines around you all day
When I need someone to lean on your always here
To be able to tell you something and have you understand
My lovely sweet guardian angel and friend
Having you as my guardian and friend
My life has come back together
Never have I had a best friend/guardian angel as you
So this is to let you now what I see you as
My guardian angel IS spazz
You will always be
Because I need you to watch over me
So please never leave me all togetherEmpty and lost
in this nightmare,
Tears caress my cheeks,
crying for an angel's whisper
that will make me touch heaven.
I lie praying that i'll be saved,
Took away and freed from this pain,
Tears caress my cheeks,
Crying for an angel's whisper
that will make me touch heaven.
My praying was not in vain,
I'm now happy and at peace,
The tears that once caressed my cheeks have been dried away
by the angel's whisper,
That helped me touch heaven.It was written in the stars
That she would be something special
She was an Angel
A musical entrepeneur
Off the past, present and the future
Her voice was real
There was no need to mimic
Her romantic musical lyrics
She was an Angel
People were always curious
About this musical genius
Many used to climb the hills
And stand still
Just to hear her making love
To the strings of her guitar
She belted out songs
Some in a whisper
While the crowd will chant away
Delighted to hear her play
She was an Angel
A profilic writer
An Angelic diva
A musical master
feeling the air with pure emotion
Music was her entire life's devotion
She was an Angel
Her words were magical
Always casting on the crowd a spell
Taking them momentarily
out of their troubled hell
Yes it was written in stars
That she would be something special
She was beautiful
She was wonderful
She was an Angel
Copyright 2005 - Sylvia ChidiI saw something white in the bushes
it was a bunch of angels
wings folded taking an
ambrosia break and
laughing gently over
the lies they hear most often
when they're passing over
they were saying that
apart from the old ones like
we must have lunch sometime and
the cheque's in the post and
I promise to take it out before.....
there's now I could do this with you
all day where's the remote
but then they got on to the
more serious ones like
we only ever wanted the best for you
so this is what we...
and their voices got quieter
so I crept away without their
looking my way
but I bet they knew I was
there listening and
I bet they knew
I'd tell youDelivered out of raw continual pain,
smell of darkness, groans of those others
to whom he was chained--
unchained, and led
past the sleepers,
door after door silently opening--
out!
And along a long street's
majestic emptiness under the moon:
one hand on the angel's shoulder, one
feeling the air before him,
eyes open but fixed...
And not till he saw the angel had left him,
alone and free to resume
the ecstatic, dangerous, wearisome roads of
what he had still to do,
not till then did he recognize
this was no dream. More frightening
than arrest, than being chained to his warders:
he could hear his own footsteps suddenly.
Had the angel's feet
made any sound? He could not recall.
No one had missed him, no one was in pursuit.
He himself must be
the key, now, to the next door,
the next terrors of freedom and joy.Sweet Angel in disguise
floated into sight one day.
Showed me how to live and die,
little peoples love and honest child thoughts,
understanding
life.
Whispering quietly to myself,
pretending that I knew.
How can I repay a
minds eye angel,
for eternity?Go to sleep my angel and dream
Of heavenly places and heavenly faces
You shall be missed, my angel but rest in peace
In this world you could easily get hurt
Don't fret my angel you are safe in God's arms
He will take care of you
And will always be with you
Mortal dreams of riches, but my angel
You are rich for eternal life
So sleep now angel you are full of love and beauty
We will all be with you soon
Sweet dreams my angel
When you wake up you'll know that
Your dreams have come trueI saw wild domes and bowers
And smoking incense towers
And mad exotic flowers
In Illinois.
Where ragged ditches ran
Now springs of Heaven began
Celestial drink for man
In Illinois.
There stood beside the town
Beneath its incense-crown
An angel and a clown
In Illinois.
He was as Clowns are:
She was snow and star
With eyes that looked afar
In Illinois.
I asked, "How came this place
Of antique Asian grace
Amid our callow race
In Illinois?"
Said Clown and Angel fair:
"By laughter and by prayer,
By casting off all care
In Illinois."LIFE’S Angel watched a happy child at play,
Wreathing the riches of the blushing May:
His eye was cloudless as the heavens above,
But there was pity in her look of love.
The flowers he gathered bloomed their brief bright hour,
Then rained their petals in a silent shower:
The boy looked up at her with strange surprise,
And sadder grew the pity in her eyes.Angel, angel where did u go?
You know I can’t live without you
And that’s because I love u so
Why did this happen?
Why did it be?
All I wanted was to live happily ever after
Just you and me
The time has come
Where you want to say goodbye
But you told me that I was for you
And for your future, the perfect guy
Angel, angel of my dear heart
Please don’t let our love fall apart
The warmth of your flame
It keeps me alive
But I will take the blame
If it does not survive
It’s getting dimmer
Day by day
I think about you
And hope and pray
Angel, angel of my breaking heart
Please don’t let us fall apart
In times of good and bad
In times of pain
Please don’t throw away what we had
You know without you I’d go insane
Angel, angel can’t you see?
Keep fighting to hold on
Come back to me
Time is precious
It is passing fast
Give me another chance
For what happened in the past
I know you love me
I know it’s true
So don’t forget me
Angel, I love youAt midnight an angel was crossing the sky,
And quietly he sang;
The moon and the stars and the concourse of clouds
Paid heed to his heavenly song.
He sang of the bliss of the innocent souls
In heavenly gardens above;
Of almighty God he sang out, and his praise
Was pure and sincere.
He bore in his arms a young soul
To our valley of sorrow and tears;
The young soul remembered the heavenly song
So vivid and yet without words.
And long did it struggle on earth,
With wondrous desire imbued;
But none of the tedious songs of our earth
Could rival celestial song.I dreamt a dream!  What can it mean?
And that I was a maiden Queen
Guarded by an Angel mild:
Witless woe was ne'er beguiled!
And I wept both night and day,
And he wiped my tears away;
And I wept both day and night,
And hid from him my heart's delight.
So he took his wings, and fled;
Then the morn blushed rosy red.
I dried my tears, and armed my fears
With ten-thousand shields and spears.
Soon my Angel came again;
I was armed, he came in vain;
For the time of youth was fled,
And grey hairs were on my head.The Angel that presided o'er my birth
Said, 'Little creature, form'd of Joy and Mirth,
'Go love without the help of any Thing on Earth.'1     When the last faint red of the day is dead,
2         And the dim, far heaven is lit
3             With the silvern cars
4             Of the orient stars,
5         And the winged winds whimper and flit;
6     Then I rise through the dome of my aerodrome,
7         Like a giant eagle in flight;
8             And I take my place
9             In the vengeful race
10       With the sinister fleets of night.
11   As I rise and rise in the cloudy skies,
12       No sound in the silence is heard,
13           Save the lonesome whirr
14           Of my engine's purr,
15       Like the wings of a monster bird.
16   And naught is seen save the vault, serene,
17       Of the vasty realms of night,
18           That vanish, aloof,
19           To eternity's roof,
20       As I mount in my ominous flight.
21   And I float and pause in the fleecy gauze,
22       Like a bird in a nest of down;
23           While 'neath me in deeps
24           Of blackness, sleeps
25       The far, vast London town.
26   But I am not here, like a silvern sphere,
27       To glory the deeps of space,
28           But a sentinel, I,
29           In this tower of the sky,
30       Scanning the dim deep's face.
31   For, sudden, afar, like a luminous star,
32       Or a golden horn of the moon,
33           Or a yellow leaf
34           Of the forest's grief,
35       When the autumn winds are atune;
36   There is borne on my sight, down the spaces of night,
37       By the engines of evilment sped,
38           That wonderful, rare,
39           Vast ship of the air,
40       Beautiful, ominous, dread.
41   One instant she floats, most magic of boats,
42       Illusive, implacable, there;
43           Throned angel of ill,
44           On her crystal-built hill,
45       O'er a people's defenceless despair.
46   Then sudden, I rise, like a bolt through the skies,
47       To the very dim roofs of the world;
48           Till down in the grey,
49           I see my grim prey,
50       Like a pallid gold leaf, uncurled.
51   And I hover and swing, until swiftly I spring,
52       And drop like a falling star;
53           And again and again,
54           My death-dealing rain,
55       Hurl to the deeps afar.
56   Then I hover and listen, till I see the far glisten
57       Of a flame-flash blanching the night;
58           And I know that my hate,
59           That has lain in wait,
60       Has won in the grim air-fight.
61   Then I curve and slant, while my engines pant,
62       And the wings of my great bird tame;
63           While the sinister Hun,
64           In his ill, undone,
65       Goes out in a blinding flame.Morning, evening, noon and night,
``Praise God!; sang Theocrite.
Then to his poor trade he turned,
Whereby the daily meal was earned.
Hard he laboured, long and well;
O'er his work the boy's curls fell.
But ever, at each period,
He stopped and sang, ``Praise God!''
Then back again his curls he threw,
And cheerful turned to work anew.
Said Blaise, the listening monk, ``Well done;
``I doubt not thou art heard, my son:
``As well as if thy voice to-day
``Were praising God, the Pope's great way.
``This Easter Day, the Pope at Rome
``Praises God from Peter's dome.''
Said Theocrite, ``Would God that I
``Might praise him, that great way, and die!''
Night passed, day shone,
And Theocrite was gone.
With God a day endures alway,
A thousand years are but a day.
God said in heaven, ``Nor day nor night
``Now brings the voice of my delight.''
Then Gabriel, like a rainbow's birth,
Spread his wings and sank to earth;
Entered, in flesh, the empty cell,
Lived there, and played the craftsman well;
And morning, evening, noon and night,
Praised God in place of Theocrite.
And from a boy, to youth he grew:
The man put off the stripling's hue:
The man matured and fell away
Into the season of decay:
And ever o'er the trade he bent,
And ever lived on earth content.
(He did God's will; to him, all one
If on the earth or in the sun.)
God said, ``A praise is in mine ear;
``There is no doubt in it, no fear:
``So sing old worlds, and so
``New worlds that from my footstool go.
``Clearer loves sound other ways:
``I miss my little human praise.''
Then forth sprang Gabriel's wings, off fell
The flesh disguise, remained the cell.
'Twas Easter Day: he flew to Rome,
And paused above Saint Peter's dome.
In the tiring-room close by
The great outer gallery,
With his holy vestments dight,
Stood the new Pope, Theocrite:
And all his past career
Came back upon him clear,
Since when, a boy, he plied his trade,
Till on his life the sickness weighed;
And in his cell, when death drew near,
An angel in a dream brought cheer:
And rising from the sickness drear
He grew a priest, and now stood here.
To the East with praise he turned,
And on his sight the angel burned.
``I bore thee from thy craftsman's cell
``And set thee here; I did not well.
``Vainly I left my angel-sphere,
``Vain was thy dream of many a year.
``Thy voice's praise seemed weak; it dropped---
``Creation's chorus stopped!
``Go back and praise again
``The early way, while I remain.
``With that weak voice of our disdain,
``Take up creation's pausing strain.
``Back to the cell and poor employ:
``Resume the craftsman and the boy!''
Theocrite grew old at home;
A new Pope dwelt in Peter's dome.
One vanished as the other died:
They sought God side by side.They clamour and fight, they doubt and despair, they know no end
to their wrangling.
Let your life come amongst them like a flame of light, my
child, unflickering and pure, and delight them into silence.
They are cruel in their greed and their envy, their words are like
hidden knives thirsting for blood.
Go and stand amidst their scowling hearts, my child, and let
your gentle eyes fall upon them like the forgiving peace of the
evening over the strife of the day.
Let them see your face, my child, and thus know the meaning
of all things; let them love you and thus love each other.
Come and take your seat in the bosom of the limitless, my
child. At sunrise open and raise your heart like a blossoming
flower, and at sunset bend your head and in silence complete the
worship of the day.I dreamt a dream the other night
That an Angel appeared to me, clothed in white.
Oh! it was a beautiful sight,
Such as filled my heart with delight.
And in her hand she held a flaming brand,
Which she waved above her head most grand;
And on me she glared with love-beaming eyes,
Then she commanded me from my bed to arise.
And in a sweet voice she said, "You must follow me,
And in a short time you shall see
The destruction of all the public-houses in the city,
Which is, my friend, the God of Heaven's decree."
Then from my bed in fear I arose,
And quickly donned on my clothes;
And when that was done she said, " Follow me
Direct to the High Street, fearlessly."
So with the beautiful Angel away I did go,
And when we arrived at the High Street, Oh! what a show,
I suppose there were about five thousand men there,
All vowing vengeance against the publicans, I do declare.
Then the Angel cried with a solemn voice aloud
To that vast end Godly assembled crowd,
"Gentlemen belonging the fair City of Dundee,
Remember I have been sent here by God to warn ye.
"That by God's decree ye must take up arms and follow me
And wreck all the public-houses in this fair City,
Because God cannot countenance such dens of iniquity.
Therefore, friends of God, come, follow me.
"Because God has said there's no use preaching against strong drink,
Therefore, by taking up arms against it, God does think,
That is the only and the effectual cure
To banish it from the land, He is quite sure.
"Besides, it has been denounced in Dundee for fifty years
By the friends of Temperance, while oft they have shed tears.
Therefore, God thinks there's no use denouncing it any longer,
Because the more that's said against it seemingly it grows stronger."
And while the Angel was thus addressing the people,
The Devil seemed to be standing on the Townhouse Steeple,
Foaming at the mouth with rage, and seemingly much annoyed,
And kicking the Steeple because the public-houses wore going to be destroyed.
Then the Angel cried, " Satan, avaunt! begone!"
Then he vanished in the flame, to the amazement of everyone;
And waving aloft the flaming brand,
That she carried in her right hand
She cried, "Now, friends of the Temperance cause, follow me:
For remember if's God's high decree
To destroy all the public-houses in this fair City;
Therefore, friends of God, let's commence this war immediately."
Then from the High Street we all did retire,
As the Angel, sent by God, did desire;
And along the Perth Road we all did go,
While the Angel set fire to the public-houses along that row.
And when the Perth Road public-houses were fired, she cried, " Follow me,
And next I'll fire the Hawkhill public-houses instantly."
Then away we went with the Angel, without dread or woe,
And she fired the IEawkhill public-houses as onward we did go.
Then she cried, "Let's on to the Scouringburn, in God's name."
And away to the Scouringburn we went, with our hearts aflame,
As the destroying Angel did command.
And when there she fired the public-houses, which looked very grand.
And when the public-houses there were blazing like a kiln,
She cried, " Now, my friends, we'll march to the Bonnet Hill,
And we'll fire the dens of iniquity without dismay,
Therefore let's march on, my friends, without delay."
And when we arrived at the Bonnet Hill,
The Angel fired the public-houses, as she did well.
Then she cried, "We'll leave them now to their fate,
And march on to the Murraygate."
Then we marched on to the Murraygate,
And the Angel fired the public-houses there, a most deserving fate.
Then to the High Street we marched and fired them there,
Which was a most beautiful blaze, I do declare.
And on the High Street, old men and women were gathered there,
And as the flames ascended upwards, in amazement they did stare
When they saw the public-houses in a blaze,
But they clapped their hands with joy and to God gave praise.
Then the Angel cried, "Thank God, Christ's Kingdom's near at hand,
And there will soon be peace and plenty throughout the land,
And the ravages of the demon Drink no more will be seen."
But, alas, I started up in bed, and behold it was a dream!Shall I move the flowers again?
Shall I put them further to the left
into the light?
Win that fix it, will that arrange the
thing?
Yellow sky.
Faint cricket in the dried-out bush.
As I approach, my footfall in the leaves
drowns out the cricket-chirping I was
coming close to hear
Yellow sky with black leaves rearranging it.
Wind rearranging the black leaves in it.
But anyway I am indoors, of course, and this is a pane, here,
and I have arranged the flowers for you
again. Have taken the dead cordless ones, the yellow bits past apogee,
the faded cloth, the pollen-free abandoned marriage-hymn
back out, leaving the few crisp blooms to swagger, winglets, limpid
debris
Shall I arrange these few remaining flowers?
Shall I rearrange these gossamer efficiencies?
Please don't touch me with your skin.
Please let the thing evaporate.
Please tell me clearly what it is.
The party is so loud downstairs, bristling with souvenirs.
It's a philosophy of life, of course,
drinks fluorescent, whips of syntax in the air
above the heads -- how small they seem from here,
the bobbing universal heads, stuffing the void with eloquence,
and also tiny merciless darts
of truth. It's pulled on tight, the air they breathe and rip.
It's like a prize the way it's stretched on tight
over the voices, keeping them intermingling, forcing the breaths to
marry, marry,
cunning little hermeneutic cupola,
dome of occasion in which the thoughts re-
group, the footprints stall and gnaw in tiny ruts,
the napkins wave, are waved , the honeycombing
thoughts are felt to dialogue, a form of self-
congratulation, no?, or is it suffering? I'm a bit
dizzy up here rearranging things,
they will come up here soon, and need a setting for their fears,
and loves, an architecture for their evolutionary
morphic needs -- what will they need if I don't make the place? --
what will they know to miss?, what cry out for, what feel the bitter
restless irritations
for? A bit dizzy from the altitude of everlastingness,
the tireless altitudes of the created place,
in which to make a life -- a liberty -- the hollow, fetishized, and starry
place,
a bit gossamer with dream, a vortex of evaporations,
oh little dream, invisible city, invisible hill
I make here on the upper floors for you --
down there, where you are entertained, where you are passing
time, there's glass and moss on air,
there's the feeling of being numerous, mouths submitting to air, lips
to protocol,
and dreams of sense, tongues, hinges, forceps clicking
in anticipation ofas if the moment, freeze-burned by accuracies--of
could be thawed open into life again
by gladnesses, by rectitude -- no, no -- by the sinewy efforts at
sincerity -- can't you feel it gliding round you,
mutating, yielding the effort-filled phrases of your talk to air,
compounding, stemming them, honeying-open the sheerest
innuendoes till
the rightness seems to root, in the air, in the compact indoor sky,
and the rest, all round, feels like desert, falls away,
and you have the sensation of muscular timeliness,and you feel the calligraphic in you reach out like a soul
into the midst of others, in conversation,
gloved by desire, into the tiny carnage
of opinionsSo dizzy. Life buzzing beneath me
though my feeling says the hive is gone, queen gone,
the continuum continuing beneath, busy, earnest, in con-
versation. Shall I prepare. Shall I put this further
to the left, shall I move the light, the point-of-view, the shades are
drawn, to cast a glow resembling disappearance, slightly red,
will that fix it, will that make clear the task, the trellised ongoingness
and all these tiny purposes, these parables, this marketplace
of tightening truths?
Oh knit me that am crumpled dust,
the heap is all dispersed. Knit me that am. Say therefore. Say
philosophy and mean by that the pane.
Let us look out again. The yellow sky.
With black leaves rearranging itAll this was written on the next day's list.
On which the busyness unfurled its cursive roots,
pale but effective,
and the long stem of the necessary, the sum of events,
built-up its tiniest cathedral...
(Or is it the sum of what takes place? )
If I lean down, to whisper, to them,
down into their gravitational field, there where they head busily on
into the woods, laying the gifts out one by one, onto the path,
hoping to be on the air,
hoping to please the children --
(and some gifts overwrapped and some not wrapped at all) -- if
I stir the wintered ground-leaves
up from the paths, nimbly, into a sheet of sun,
into an escape-route-width of sun, mildly gelatinous where wet, though mostly
crisp,
fluffing them up a bit, and up, as if to choke the singularity of sun
with this jubilation of manyness, all through and round these passers-by --
just leaves, nothing that can vaporize into a thought,
no, a burning bush's worth of spidery, up-ratcheting, tender-cling leaves,
oh if -- the list gripped hard by the left hand of one,
the busyness buried so deep into the puffed-up greenish mind of one,
the hurried mind hovering over its rankings,
the heart -- there at the core of the drafting leaves -- wet and warm at the
zero of
the bright mock-stairwaying-up of the posthumous leaves -- the heart,
formulating its alleyways of discovery,
fussing about the integrity of the whole,
the heart trying to make time and place seem small,
sliding its slim tears into the deep wallet of each new event
on the list
then checking it off -- oh the satisfaction -- each check a small kiss,
an echo of the previous one, off off it goes the dry high-ceilinged
obligation,
checked-off by the fingertips, by the small gust called done that swipes
the unfinishable's gold hem aside, revealing
what might have been, peeling away what should . . .
There are flowerpots at their feet.
There is fortune-telling in the air they breathe.
It filters-in with its flashlight-beam, its holy-water-tinted air,
down into the open eyes, the lampblack open mouth.
Oh listen to these words I'm spitting out for you.
My distance from you makes them louder.
Are we all waiting for the phone to ring?
Who should it be?  What fountain is expected to
thrash forth mysteries of morning joy?  What quail-like giant tail of
promises, pleiades, psalters, plane-trees,
what parapets petalling-forth the invisible
into the world of things,
turning the list into its spatial-form at last,
into its archival many-headed, many-legged colony . . .
Oh look at you.
What is it you hold back?  What piece of time is it the list
won't cover?  You down there, in the theater of
operations -- you, throat of the world -- so diacritical --
(are we all waiting for the phone to ring?) --
(what will you say? are you home? are you expected soon?) --
oh wanderer back from break, all your attention focused
-- as if the thinking were an oar, this ship the last of some
original fleet, the captains gone but some of us
who saw the plan drawn-out
still here -- who saw the thinking clot-up in the bodies of the greater men,
who saw them sit in silence while the voices in the other room
lit-up with passion, itchings, dreams of landings,
while the solitary ones,
heads in their hands, so still,
the idea barely forming
at the base of that stillness,
the idea like a homesickness starting just to fold and pleat and knot-itself
out of the manyness -- the plan -- before it's thought,
before it's a done deal or the name-you're-known-by --
the men of x, the outcomes of y -- before --
the mind still gripped hard by the hands
that would hold the skull even stiller if they could,
that nothing distract, that nothing but the possible be let to filter
through,
the possible and then the finely filamented hope, the filigree,
without the distractions of wonder --
oh tiny golden spore just filtering-in to touch the good idea,
which taking-form begins to twist,
coursing for bottom-footing, palpating for edge-hold, limit,
now finally about to
rise, about to go into the other room -- and yet
not having done so yet, not yet -- the
intake -- before the credo, before the plan --
right at the homesickness -- before this list you hold
in your exhausted hand. Oh put it down.A PICTURE AT FANO.
I.
Dear and great Angel, wouldst thou only leave
That child, when thou hast done with him, for me!
Let me sit all the day here, that when eve
Shall find performed thy special ministry,
And time come for departure, thou, suspending
Thy flight, mayst see another child for tending,
Another still, to quiet and retrieve.
II.
Then I shall feel thee step one step, no more,
From where thou standest now, to where I gaze,
---And suddenly my head is covered o'er
With those wings, white above the child who prays
Now on that tomb---and I shall feel thee guarding
Me, out of all the world; for me, discarding
Yon heaven thy home, that waits and opes its door.
III.
I would not look up thither past thy head
Because the door opes, like that child, I know,
For I should have thy gracious face instead,
Thou bird of God! And wilt thou bend me low
Like him, and lay, like his, my hands together,
And lift them up to pray, and gently tether
Me, as thy lamb there, with thy garment's spread?
IV.
If this was ever granted, I would rest
My bead beneath thine, while thy healing hands
Close-covered both my eyes beside thy breast,
Pressing the brain, which too much thought expands,
Back to its proper size again, and smoothing
Distortion down till every nerve had soothing,
And all lay quiet, happy and suppressed.
V.
How soon all worldly wrong would be repaired!
I think how I should view the earth and skies
And sea, when once again my brow was bared
After thy healing, with such different eyes.
O world, as God has made it! All is beauty:
And knowing this, is love, and love is duty.
What further may be sought for or declared?
VI.
Guercino drew this angel I saw teach
(Alfred, dear friend!)---that little child to pray,
Holding the little hands up, each to each
Pressed gently,---with his own head turned away
Over the earth where so much lay before him
Of work to do, though heaven was opening o'er him,
And he was left at Fano by the beach.
VII.
We were at Fano, and three times we went
To sit and see him in his chapel there,
And drink his beauty to our soul's content
---My angel with me too: and since I care
For dear Guercino's fame (to which in power
And glory comes this picture for a dower,
Fraught with a pathos so magnificent)---
VIII.
And since he did not work thus earnestly
At all times, and has else endured some wrong---
I took one thought his picture struck from me,
And spread it out, translating it to song.
My love is here. Where are you, dear old friend?
How rolls the Wairoa at your world's far end?
This is Ancona, yonder is the sea.Sooner or late--in earnest or in jest--
(But the stakes are no jest) Ithuriel's Hour
Will spring on us, for the first time, the test
Of our sole unbacked competence and power
Up to the limit of our years and dower
Of judgment--or beyond. But here we have
Prepared long since our garland or our grave.
For, at that hour, the sum of all our past,
Act, habit, thought, and passion, shall be cast
In one addition, be it more or less,
And as that reading runs so shall we do;
Meeting, astounded, victory at the last,
Or, first and last, our own unworthiness.
And none can change us though they die to save!To ride upon the wings of an angel
Is something that would set most people's heart and soul aglow
But to ride upon the wings of an angel
We should live a good life in the world below.
Most people are sure they have a guardian angel
Watching over them from up in the sky
Because we have lived through so many sicknesses and injuries
There seems to be no other reason why.
When we have crossed that shining water
And our time on earth shall be no more
There we will meet our guardian angel
Waiting for us on the other shore.
Maybe then we will be a guardian angel
And watch over someone from up in the sky
Always ready to reach out the a help them
And never letting them know the reason why.An angel was tired of heaven, as he lounged in the golden street;
His halo was tilted sideways, and his harp lay mute at his feet;
So the Master stooped in His pity, and gave him a pass to go,
For the space of a moon, to the earth-world, to mix with the men below.
He doffed his celestial garments, scarce waiting to lay them straight;
He bade good by to Peter, who stood by the golden gate;
The sexless singers of heaven chanted a fond farewell,
And the imps looked up as they pattered on the red-hot flags of hell.
Never was seen such an angel -- eyes of heavenly blue,
Features that shamed Apollo, hair of a golden hue;
The women simply adored him; his lips were like Cupid's bow;
But he never ventured to use them -- and so they voted him slow.
Till at last there came One Woman, a marvel of loveliness,
And she whispered to him: "Do you love me?" And he answered that woman, "Yes."
And she said: "Put your arms around me, and kiss me, and hold me -- so --"
But fiercely he drew back, saying: "This thing is wrong, and I know."
Then sweetly she mocked his scruples, and softly she him beguiled:
"You, who are verily man among men, speak with the tongue of a child.
We have outlived the old standards; we have burst, like an over-tight thong,
The ancient, outworn, Puritanic traditions of Right and Wrong."
Then the Master feared for His angel, and called him again to His side,
For oh, the woman was wondrous, and oh, the angel was tried!
And deep in his hell sang the Devil, and this was the strain of his song:
"The ancient, outworn, Puritanic traditions of Right and Wrong."The first time we meet
in New York City
it will be snowing.
No one will stop
to take a picture
of us as we stand
inches apart and shake
hands on a busy street
corner.  Taxicabs
will continue to pass,
splattering dirty slush
onto our wool coats.
We will walk
in silence to a cafe
where we'll sit
for hours sipping
espresso, fingering sugar
packets.  The smoke
from your cigarette
will rise and hover
around your head
like mist in a grave-
yard covering
a tombstone at dawn,
the epitaph barely readable.
Just after midnight
you will lean forward,
your face-pale
and thin-emerges
from the haze, eyes
dark as skulls',
and slowly, unnoticed,
we will kiss.We, unaccustomed to courage
exiles from delight
live coiled in shells of loneliness
until love leaves its high holy temple
and comes into our sight
to liberate us into life.
Love arrives
and in its train come ecstasies
old memories of pleasure
ancient histories of pain.
Yet if we are bold,
love strikes away the chains of fear
from our souls.
We are weaned from our timidity
In the flush of love's light
we dare be brave
And suddenly we see
that love costs all we are
and will ever be.
Yet it is only love
which sets us free.You are my oldest angel.
Your name will go untold.
At first you were too young for this.
Now you are too old.
Just so you know I love you.
Your thoughts, your smile, your heart.
You've been with me through darker days,
but you loved me from the start.
It's strange to look you eye to eye
and see how much you've grown.
I wonder where we'll end this journey.
Will it be far that you will roam?
Even though you are much older
than a ''baby'' or a ''child''.
Don't go thinkin' you're all grown up.
The world out there is wild.There's a white angel out there
Out there somewhere
It'll blow away the darkness
Let is bright light shine
There's a white angel out there
With gold encrested wings
A white halo of leaves
They only show certain people they're their angel
There's a white angel out there
One for each of us
Be they a friend to save you
Or a true being of Heaven
There's a white angel out there
Just let them find you please
They'll show you light
They'll save you from dark
There's a white angel out there
Just let them break through thier darkness
Let them gain those wings
And you'll see them waiting
There's a white angel out there
Just you wait and see
March 2006(Dedicated to my Grandmother whom past away MAR.2003)
You are an Angel
Strong and smart
loving and sweet,
you are one of the
greatest people I ever
got to meet.
I’ll never forget you
your in my heart
and even though your
not with me
we’re not far apart.
You are an Angel
in everyone’s eyes
gentle and caring
for the good, you changed
everyone’s lives
You are an Angel
with a big heart and
a gentle smile.
When you’d do something
for someone you always went
that extra mile.
You are an Angel
always there to lend
a helping hand
you were always so loving
and would always understand
You are an Angel
strong and smart
loving and sweet
you are one of the greatest
people I ever
got to meet.You Are My Angel
The Best Gift There Could Ever Be
Bringing Fresh Course To Life
You Truly Complete Me!
I got you, I think i was surely blessed upon
Though the wings you loved were gone
If you would still have had them
Our togetherness, How would it stem?
You Smile like the rising sun
You Cry like the rains
You Laugh like the cool air
Every Act of Yours is a Lovable Affair.
You carried my burden
And taught me they reduce when carried by two
Today when we both bid our adieus
I knew our lives would start anew.
You were my angel, need i say i really miss you?
But if you had stayed with me here any longer
Your friend's from Heaven would get eager
Cause they Would also be missing their 'ANGEL' and that's you.
(Written on November 11,2005)I love to be free, among the clouds
And dancing,
It is here, where I meet with you,
Among the clouds romancing.
Unbinding are my hands,
As you set me free
You set my soul on fire
Enchanted, I climb high and higher
The pill, the coating
My angel, my plaything
Lighting flashes through the rain,
You come walking clearing the way
You move around me filling my chest, invoking emotions
An Aphrodite teasing priestess, and here in the heat of the night
And the light of the day, you remove everything
That ever stood in my way
The crash of confusion and the weight of dismay
Is halted, lifted and taken away
Replaced with enchantment and lyrical gift
Smoothing over the cracks of inner personal rift
The aches the pains, there all pulled away
By horse drawn chariots, made of gold clay
Enlightenment falls upon me, from emotional release
In this realm where I lay with ease,  surrounded by passionate love and harmonious peace
Your invoked emotions become entrancing
My analgesic angel, my psychedelic plaything
I take your hand, and you entwine with mine
The air falls silently still, seduction of my mind and will
I fall into you, you become one with me
You are my paradise shore, I’m you amorous sea
Frolicking in the surf with whispers of love,
Transfiguration of its purity into the whitest of doves
With exquisite form a launch from surf to sky
And now air born once more we fly, into tranquillity
Through the all Seeing Eye, a thunderous crash entering
The kaleidoscope sky, toward our final nirvana and our ultimate heights
As we now start the end of our heaven spent time in
The world, the realms and the clouds of the sky, the
Imprinted memories dress the sky as stars, and find the glowing
Sparkling spectacle further more enchants my mind
A roar thunder and a bolt of light the advancing
Waves of clouds unite, approaching faster then
A ferocious tide, time is almost up, on my
Analgesic angel and on the only world I dearly love
The air begins to whisper, a reduction of my mind and will
You hand slips go as you leave and untwines itself from me
My analgesic angel my psychedelic plaything
You revoke the emotions that are still entrancing
No more at ease, at a loss without the passionate love and harmonious peace
The enlightenment lifts from me, from emotional retreat
The horse drawn chariots made of gold clay
Pulling the return of the aches and the pains
Fracture again the surface of inner personal rift
Retracted and chained is the enchantment and lyrical gift
The crash of confusion and the weight of dismay
Is returning heavy and heading my way
Without the heat of the night and the light of the day
Everything that returns will remain in my way
Revoked emotions now fleeing my chest, from a retreating
Aphrodite teasing priestess
The pill, the coating
My angel, my plaything
Lighting flashes bringing the rain,
You go leaving and obscuring the way
Binding are my hands,
As without you I’m not free
Extinguish my burning soul
Disenchanted, I fall, fall and fall
I love to be free, among the clouds
And dancing,
And I will return in time, as this
World of realms and rhymes
Resides discreetly, somewhere in my mindYou are my angel-
My pretty angel.
Let me hold you tight,
Won't you love me tonight?
My angel,
My dear, sweet angel,
You make me feel so right.
My darling angel,
You are my destiny...
Let me be your fantasy.
Please show your heart to me.
My Angel, you mean so much to me....
I'd follow you across the sea.
Angel, please open your arms to me.
I'm hoping you will see,
Just what your love means to me.
My dearest angel,
Put desire in flight.
We'll soar like a kite,
For love is in sight.
My sweet angel,
Make me your lover.
We'll love each other....
For you are my angel,
And I'll love no other.PHYSICAL RESOLVES FOR ANGER:
Close your eyes,  Focus on breath
Ask, Am I right? , Affirm, I will not shout
Speak in lighter voice (Most  Impossible)
Take a bath, Listen to favorite music
Go for a long Walk or a Careful Drive
Clasp palms firmly or
Fold hands across chest
Be Aware of hands
Look above your head
Awareness means Anger is done away
Walk Left and Right, Walk in circles
Look at the mirror, Focus on your eyes
Smile a Bit, Laugh a Bit, Scribble something
Say, 'You are Bloody Punk, If you get Anger'
Say, ' I am Godlike, I won't get Anger'
Place finger on Mush Area Horizontally or Vertically,
It puts physical barrier on Shouting
Meditate, Practice Yoga, Exercise
Drink Cold Water, Say 'Cool Down'
Say 'Om Shanthi' or Amen
MENTAL RESOLVES FOR ANGER:
Think Anger is Animalistic, Anger is Fire, Anger is Health Hazard
Anger is Anti-Relation, Anger is weakness, Think End Result of Anger
Be willing to overcome Anger, Resolve to end Anger
Think, Should the Pot (Relationship)            be Broken?
FEAR, WORRIES, FRUSTRATION – ROOT CAUSE OF ANGER:
Fear of Loss is Anger's root cause
Physical or Emotional it may be
Take Five Slow Deep Breaths
Pray - 'God give me strength, this moment
Be with me and Lead me through this crisis'
Some Worries put You In Deep Frustration, Anger
Have faith in God, Faith can move Anger, if not Mountains
Believe God Leads You, Have Faith, Everything happens for a Reason
Worrying a bit helps, Worrying a lot spoils
Anger means, No Inner calm, No inner Peace
Hate, Fear, Worries, Frustration, Anger are compatriots in Hell
Love, Courage, Calmness, Peace, Joy are compatriots in Heaven
Hate and Love Can't co-exist as Fire and Water can't
Believing is half done winning all battles
Say, I choose Love and Joy, I don't get Anger
ANGER IN FAMILY:
After Angry Tussle is over, Reconcile your partner or children
'I Love You So much, That's why I get Anger towards you'
You are so dear; Can I get Anger towards, Bill Gates?
Tell something and cajole knowingly it is nonsense,
Kiss, come to terms saying let's go Hotel, Pay few 100 Bucks
Introspection and Analysis  help come over Anger
Accept when you get Anger, say, I am sorry
When in Good Mood, Tell your partner,
If I get Anger, I will put 25 Sit-ups clutching my Ears
Do Perform Sit-ups at least in isolation, closed doors, Nothing to be Ashamed
ANGER FOR GOOD PURPOSE:
Anger is not bad if it serves purpose
Sometimes you may have to Act with Anger (Acting)
Towards Your Employees, Sub ordinates, Children
You should know you act with Anger
Purposeful Anger is Reasonably Correct
TAIL PIECE ON ANGER:
If nothing works, keep a Mouthful of Water.
Advise others not to get Anger, At least you will follow a Bit,
Master should be at least a good student.
Pat yourself (Really) , Whenever you overcome Anger
Scribble something like this, Put a little Tom-Tom in Poem Hunter
A Research like this will help at least Author, Even if not Poetic.
(27-May-201, Chennai)As Cloe came into the Room t'other Day,
I peevish began; Where so long cou'd You stay?
In your Life-time You never regarded your Hour:
You promis'd at Two; and (pray look Child) 'tis Four.
A Lady's Watch needs neither Figures nor Wheels:
'Tis enough, that 'tis loaded with Baubles and Seals.
A Temper so heedless no Mortal can bear—
Thus far I went on with a resolute Air.
Lord bless Me! said She; let a Body but speak:
Here's an ugly hard Rose-Bud fall'n into my Neck:
It has hurt Me, and vext Me to such a Degree—
See here; for You never believe Me; pray see,
On the left Side my Breast what a Mark it has made.
So saying, her Bosom She careless display'd.
That Seat of Delight I with Wonder survey'd;
And forgot ev'ry Word I design'd to have said.you....!
issue ofmine
borne with love,
birthed with care;
i look at you now
the naughty gleam in your eye,
as your worrisome ministrations
wreck havoc with all order.
i look and marvel
at the miracle of your evolution..
from gurgles to mumbles
and thence to comprehensions;
the actions with anger
tempered by the pouts
which dissolve my resolution to be firm.
you, little bundle of joy and woe
all atwitter in a fit of
infantile anger..
i look at you, bewildered
marvelling, as a mother
at what God had me do!
inspired by my year half old daughter who has the strange power to drive me to tears and then be smiling thru them as she licks my face like a little loving poodle!They are your own kids, cos,
They were conceived within you
They were nourished, nurtured,
fostered and brought up by you.
High time you realized that
these fiends are your own children
And still not too late to hold them by nose,
provided you have the desire, commitment ‘n courage.
They all are fiends within you
Controlling them, is your baby
No one else in the whole universe
Could or would do that for you.When I am full of anger
I think in anger's terms
Part of my existing life
Is full of anger's germs
Nothing seems a perfect right
Most of things gone wrong
I get such vengeful feelings
When I carry anger along
When I think of forgiveness
I think in forgiveness' terms
My life is held in gentle hands
Softly in those twists and turns
Very few are perfect wrongs
So many things are right
Show me God forgiveness' face
So I can live in lightSometimes we get angry
over the silliest of things,
but it is not anger,
but frustration
over something we cannot do.
If we could have done it,
there would have
been no anger there.
There is no easy solution
to get over it.
It is part of our nature
I am afraid to say.
The sad thing is
it will never go away.
We will always suffer the frustration
and the anger that goes with it.
9 May 2008Anger and jealousy are siblings both self destructive in their own way
Of the damage they give rise to we hear and read of every day
In assaults and murder and every violent sort of crime
So many people because of them in prison serving time
Anger and jealousy to assertiveness different in every way
That only does seem a fair thing to say
Those who are assertive speak with a clear mind
To outbursts of anger they are not inclined
Jealousy and anger out of control
Blocks out the light from the windows of the soul
Non human friendly that cannot be denied
Worse flaws by far than even arrogance and pride
To violence and crimes against others they do lead
Anger and jealousy are siblings indeedAnger is a form of fear
Anger is what I’m waiting to hear
Anger is deep down inside me
Anger drives me crazy
Anger is what turns me on
Anger is what turns me off
Anger is my enemy
Anger is my pal
Anger is gonna kill me
Anger is gonna save me
Anger might just help me
Find my true love.............
..........................Ma ybe?Any time I don't understand something
Or feel unhappy with the way things are going,
Anger steps up, 'use me; let me help'
And I used to give Anger a lot of free rein,
Till I noticed Anger wasn't all that useful
And generally tended to only make things worse.
Now I try to rely more on 'Patience'
As Patience doesn't keep clicking that counter,
Adding up every resentment of the hour.
Besides, I can look straight into Patience's face
And not have one clue what Patience is thinking of.
You know, Anger could learn something from that.A -All forms of vendetta
N -No stones left unturned
G -Gives infinite pressure...
E -Easy said than done! !
R -River of change focused!My anger is angry.
Its pain.
Its frustration.
Its irritation.
My anger is angry.
My anger is confusion.
My anger is past, present and future.
My anger's disappointment.
My anger builds
up and explodes
like thunder on
a stormy day.
Its fiery red.
Its envy.
Its greed.
Its temptation.
My anger's TOO angry.
Won't you please help me stop?
I'm a blazing volcano
that's ready to pop.Anger is red danger
But a familiar stranger
So It came as no surprise
At the times I have paid the price
More than the usual thrice
Before becoming very wise
The judge said
I should have been put in a cage
If one considers all the damage
I brought on with my rage
I knew
My anger was unreasonable
My anger was invincible
My anger was uncontrollable
But still very reversible
You see
In anger I always surrender
To the pressure I am under
In anger, I ungraciously lose
To the one I righteously accuse
In anger, I immoderately protest
Instead of letting things rest
Then trying responsibly to digest
And deal with issues best
So I say, So I say
Anger does not pay
Anger does not stay
Delay it from display
In time it will only go away
Now I know that
Anger does not pay
Anger does not stay
Calmness you should play
Before you begin to fall astray
Copyright 2006 - Sylvia Chidi
www.sylviachidi.comAnger is a virus
That needs not even air
To propagate contagion
Whenever it is shared.
Anger can't be placed in quarantine
To contain its vicious spread
For anger feeds upon itself
And burns a flaming red.
Anger is all consuming
Anger does not desist
From destroying sensibilites
In that haze of its red mist.Anger finds always its reasons to be,
And sometimes may use a more powerful voice
Than it really possesses; as birds fluff their feathers
In mock-deadly duels, when choosing a mate.
But anger too, has it's own place and time,
Though it is made weak, by continual use;
Like the hand always lingers, over the Queen
Feinting the win, in a tired game of chess.
If you would choose rightly, which to forget
And which to lose sleep, while it plots it's revenge,
The kind of anger that's best not ignored: the kind
Says no word; counting all your heartbeats.Why must you torment me so?
Why do you want me to go?
Where am I so supposed to be?
With you all I want to do is scream
Why do you have to be so mean?
Well I don’t care anymore
I will hate you to the core
Can you handle my anger in my mind?
Or will it kill you as I watch you die
And I will never cry.this anger burns deep within,
every minute the fire burns brighter,
time is ticking,
waiting to see who will be on the other side of this raging flame,
waiting to see what will happen to people who mess with me,
this fire is on raging so hot i cannot put it out,
only in your preasence does it fade away,
the lines in my heart break me,
the fires take me,
time can only tell what this great anger will cause me to do next,
even the best,
are no better than the rest,
you can wish for it to disapear all you like,
but nothing you try,
will even compare to the firery anger and deep dispair,
this anger inside me died today,
for i died with it,
it was controling me,
had me under a spell,
nows the time to,
with compell,
to release it into the pits of hell where it came from..Anger lay by me all night long,
His breath was hot upon my brow,
He told me of my burning wrong,
All night he talked and would not go.
He stood by me all through the day,
Struck from my hand the book, the pen;
He said: ‘Hear first what I’ve to say,
And sing, if you’ve the heart to, then.’
And can I cast him from my couch?
And can I lock him from my room?
Ah no, his honest words are such
That he’s my true-lord, and my doom.There is this angry place
she said
that's been inside me since
my earliest days.
And when I  need
I go there
for power
and resistance.
If ever
someone
hurts me
I let it out
to go free
and kill
or hurt back
and allow
it to take retribution.
It makes me feel strong
It makes me feel not so weak.
Only thing
is it is starting to get out of control.
After getting out
sometimes
it will not go back in
It remains out
and hurt
some people
it shouldn't.
That's the thing
about this Anger
thing
I'm afraid
most times now.
I am not in control.
It is.
Now it is Scary Anger
and I blank out at times
to wake up
shocked to see
what it has done.
I need help with it.Anger is my enemy
There is a plenty of anger inside of me
I have to control it now but I don’t know how
My anger is part of my frustration
It fades my concentration in my ambition
It causes me plenty of trouble
It makes my life horrible
Anger form fears in my heart
It makes me broken apart
My body shakes with anger
It will not stop forever
I feel like I’m alone in this world
Nobody say to me any word
But the anger inside of me becomes my friend
It will never leave me till the end
My anger doesn’t leave me
It’s always there inside of meMy angers still there,
its been building up inside,
do i step up or stand to the side,
which way should i turn?
left or right?
the air is getting colder,
as it turns from day to night,
i have no idea why you tried to ruin my life,
i thnak god,
i didnt get to be your wife,
why treat me so bad?
did you not know it was so wrong?
can't understand why,
i stayed with you so long!
my whole world shattered,
around my feet,
walking around in unbearable heat,
my heads mixed up,
trying to understand why,
you closed the door and said 'goodbye! '
how could you do that,
just stand there and break my heart,
i should have seen it coming,
you were messing me around,
with some worthless tart!people can be so stupid
but think they are all that
when they're only fakes
who imitate celebrities
the complete perfectionists
the horrible hypocrits
i really dont like them
they have a forked tongue
they can lie 2 ur face
and talk crap behind ur back
i know most preps are this way
and most jocks 2
but i hate sterotypes
so i wont assume
i'm honest as i can be
and yes i've lied
just believe and be urself
and life wont be so badThe anger that i feel seems to steal my only joy,
boy! i can't imagine another emotion that erupts into motion,
as quickly as eyes see a floppin' bee.
Anger is a traitor false like a frequent masturbator,
it hides between the lies that materialise between our lips,
if hips don't lie, than do eyes not cry?
Why I wonder do we anger ourselves in ways that prevent days from being ablazed with happy thoughts as preachers taught,
'the sinner will rot in a burning pot' so... is it anger or are we always in danger wether it is September or December?
Is it any wonder that we gather this useless treasure in banks and ignore the noisey tanks that run in Afghanistan or Iran.
Do we prefer to remain ablure of anger?
This emotion, the iron curtain that is certain to pain any person
that chooses to inherit it's possessions that of war, hunger and pestilence, that of scare, dishonor and sins.
So let anger not be amongst You for You will have no clue of how to unglue it's curse. It get's worse with every passing second,
minute and hour. Time takes no shower!
It is a constant power that blooms the flower and melts your butter, so let anger fly and send a taunt to it's reply, ' I, I will not die'Anger builds up inside of me like a volcano ready to explode
The anger inside of me grows like cancer spreading fast and Destroying me
But that anger has to come out some how
Before it kills me and builds up inside of me
There are times that is not good for me to show my anger to myself And others because it is very destructive
Sometimes it is difficult for me to control my angerAnger is the Banyan seed
I secreted in the darkness of my heart
I thought I hid it well from everyone’s view
Until the day I woke up to find it fill
My heart mind and soul
Roots, branches, aerial roots to support
A thick trunk no reason could uproot
Anger was just a seed when I forgot
To forgive and hid in my heart!Inexplainable is her mood
Undescribable is her mood
No smile, no frown
Never up and never down
She's merely a body taking up space
Sucking in air, never changing her face
Starring in plain dismay
Aloof
Whenever you look upon her face
Anger is what you think
She doesn't smile and she doesn't shout
She simply stares filled with doubt
Questions run through her mind
Am I happy or am I mad?
Anger is what she should feel
After all she's been through
Instead,
She's just hereAnger in its time and place
May assume a kind of grace.
It must have some reason in it,
And not last beyond a minute.
If to further lengths it go,
It does into malice grow.
'Tis the difference that we see
'Twixt the serpent and the bee.
If the latter you provoke,
It inflicts a hasty stroke,
Puts you to some little pain,
But it never stings again.
Close in tufted bush or brake
Lurks the poison-swellëd snake
Nursing up his cherished wrath;
In the purlieux of his path,
In the cold, or in the warm,
Mean him good, or mean him harm,
Whensoever fate may bring you,
The vile snake will always sting you.It’s a source of revenge,
Master of destruction,
It brings separation,
Encourage discrimination,
The source of pain,
Brings slavery,
Yeah, mental slavery.
Emotion is the enemy of facts,
Feelings is the darkness of reality,
Emotions, feelings are the wrong way of decision,
Let Anger not be the source of decision making,
Focus on the truth, reality and facts.His anger is a hard summer storm,
Unpredictable and uncontrollable
Like the rain his anger falls upon countless victims.
Like the wind his anger lashes out upon the innocent
Like a summer storm his anger comes
And like a summer storm his anger goes.
It leaves behind destruction and kayos
Dismay and suffering.
His anger comes and it goes
And with all brings, It causes only pain.This ill temper I have is making me mad
I blow up and I don’t know why
I wish for just a moment I could handle my anger right
I wish for just a moment I could love you right
I wish my attitude would just go away
I wish my anger would stay at bay
This outlook I have on life needs to change
This outlook I have you needs to say the same
I love you deep down inside
I wish you would see
That you’re the only princess for me
The anger I have deep in side
Comes out when I least expect it
This anger I have in me should just go away
This anger I have is an annoyance
This anger I have has messed my life up
This anger I have is stupid
Anger you have messed up my love for you
Anger you have messed up my life
Anger you have destroyed who I am inside and out
Anger you are the devil
Anger you are all that is bad
This anger I have in me has made me fight
A fight that was not worth it
Anger you made me hit the wrong person
Anger you made me do the wrong things
Anger you are the feeling that I would never miss
Anger you have caused me so much sorrow
Anger you have caused nothing but grief.
Anger just go away
Gavin Marshall 6/1/08Corrupted vision under a swaddling blind
to things unable and things hard to find;
impatience is a virtue to its clogging kind
penetrating hearts of stone in boldness clime!
So much is painful in tumultous cover
where a depiction in eyes is hard to share;
all things but mellow of malicious iniquity
no wonder t’is world has its fullness agony.
A shaky change have its all-time poll
where swaggarts and mighty wolves enbrawl;
vultures feast its long time hunger’s fare
even those scattered bones in desert fire.
Or you may hear a shady battlecry from afar
Where brawling muscles smite a bloody howl;
No tempest wave can stop a sweltering blow
Only the noblest shadow hide a warrior show!
The zenith of fame serve a bounty swinger;
Killed a few but pain has its beehive’s anger
No love is felt nor a tortous whims appear,
hideous heart conquers an unwitting snare.I am bottled anger.
Violence burns within me;
A potent drug, rage.
With it, I could topple
The mountain's height:
How much more could I destroy you,
Pitiful worm.
I am danger incarnate:
Death personified.
Be thankful I am sane,
And controlled;
-Bottled anger-
If I were not,
You would cease to be.Anger is swelling up inside,
Nothing to do but let it ride,
Go on scream, kick and shout,
Everyone is looking let it all out,
Rampage about all day long and dont stop till its all gone!Shut up, go cry
I want you to fucking die
You cheat
You lied
F**k your life
We're through
I no longer give a s**t about you
Your pain
Is my pleasure
Your my worthless treasure
Your fake
You'll break
Now leave me
Never show your face again.Anger threatens to steal me away
My soul burns with fire, my sanity strays
My heart beats faster, one single beat
My face reddens sudden from the intense heat
Anger came quickly
As quickly as can be
My thoughts think the worst just wanting to be free
It came so fast I can hardly remember
While my heart beats with rage and a sole burning ember
Anger fell upon me and tore me apart
My brain fries from the burn, from the hurt, from the start
I begin to wonder how much I can endure
As I ball up my hands struggling to gain composure
The storm swells up inside me and wears down everything like erosion
I know soon it will blow
Like a time bomb explosion
A giant volcano, about to blow up
The lava spilling over, ready to erupt
Anger reaches over to a boiling temperature
These feelings all too childish, irresponsible, immature
Anger threatens to take me away, my eyes now to blind
Everything seems red to me, the tint not all too kind
Anger spills out over, through every open space
Giving another memory, that never I can eraseDon't make a scene, Refrain
Angry words march through the brain
Mouth clamped shut as not to utter
Quivering body, quaking shutter
Rushing sound in the ears
Eyes blinded, wet hot tears
Furious fists, clench and flex
Out of control, mind forms the text
Pent up, overflowing, ready to implode
Rapid fire has them spent, now words reload
Body turns to walk away
Conscious of the futility to stay
The breath sucked in now released
Personal Power, tenfold increased
Anger tries to take its toll
Beaten by controlYour anger
Bursts like a thunderstorm,
And torrential rain,
And flashes like lightening.
And when its spent
And an uncanny calm descends.
I feel like an uprooted tree.
Sharp words
Can hurt,
Deeper than a wound
By a sword.
It takes time
Before a scab forms,
And you move on.Don't fight it
Don't use it
With your thoughts
Don't amuse it
Don't feed it
You don't need it
Don't keep it
To the dark wells of your mind
You must lead it
Drown it
Supress it
Don't let it
Come up with
Mud and water
Don't let it closer.
You can't calm it
You can't teach it
Don't warm it
Burn it
When it hurts you
Hurt it
Reach it
But don't hold it
Try to fold it
Into shapes
Then throw it
In a jar
And brake it
Swallow the shreds
To taste it
Tastes better with your blood?
Waste it
Spit it out
And keep it out
Watch it
But don't touch it.
You can't bear it
You can't take it
You can't make it
Weaker.
It speaks for itself, speaker
It eats for itself, eater
Catcher and coveter
Not seeker.Epictetus the stoic philosopher said
that anyone who angers you becomes your master
by disturbing you;
Well, that's me -
full of righteous and unrighteous anger;
on the other hand,
God gets pretty hot in the O.T. -
Are there different rules?
After all, we both know we're right.
And don't ask me what 'religion' I am, OK?
Or I could get really angry...Anger spreads poison in mind
Destruction it leaves behind.
It snatches all our senses
And increases all our expenses.
Bloody sword in its hands it keeps
And climbs up on thoughts bulky heaps.
It becomes blind in its darkness
Hatred it can only express.
It cuts and bites with nails and teeth
Thorns ae spread  in flowery heath.
It casts eclipse to sun and moon
But when is punctured its baloon
Often it sits with head on knees
And is heard saying ' please, please, please.'Anger is a hydra -headed demon
A demon beating its  furious wings
a volcano belching out  fiery lava
a gloomy sky cracking thunders
a CSTC bus rushing on a smoky road
in the wintry evening
Anger is emptiness or losing
A girl being robbed of her angelic infancy
a nonagenarian mother denied her home
a lost child crying for its parents in the crowded local train
a child that loses her doll
Anger is the foamy sea writhing with pain
The sea that rolls its waves to knock the barge
Or the sapless champak losing its  petals
Or a hilly town without the snowfall
Or on a fuzzy vista a lonely bird calls
Or when I cannot write a single line
Anger comes to me
I become really angryHow is anger escaped?
It stays deep within me.
I think about what is lost,
and the anger rises inside of me.
Every where I look,
I see what should be mine.
Envy turns to anger,
I think to myself 'who are these people? ,
they do not deserve such a thing I have lost'
I think about what is lost,
and the anger rises inside of me.
It rises to such a degree,
that anger turns to tears.Anger threatens
and bursts throught fast.
The swelling breast
stretches the sinews
of all being.
With strife the builds
of some betrayel clings
to mind, a length
of memory springs
bringing into combat
all focuses of strength.
Restrained the sighing heart
descends the peak,
resting uneasily
and declaring weak.
Sally Plumb
Sally PlumbHere I am again
having the same old pain
That same old Stupid Thing
Came along and started to Sting
Inside my room
I drowned in air of gloom
lost my self to the floor
Anger is kicking at my heart's door
The urge to break anything
whatever near me I'll start to swing
Hoping that I can Drive away
Whatever makes sadness song  play
How many time did I cry? ?
and hoped I could run away and fly? ?
Every time I spread my wings
That Horrible voice starts to sing
And it starts to pull me in
But I don't want to give in
Im Sick of Living like this
Taking Life the way it is
I don't want to lose my self anymore
I have the strength to fight im sure
I'll Hold my fists Tight
I will start the Fight
and I will Ride the Chances FlightAnger irks me!
I abhor persons
who show tantrums!
Not that I don't get angry.
I too loose temper
at timid lambs
those who bend their heads
to butcher's knife,
without a fight! !it boils within
slowly poisoning  all that it touches
corrupting all that is within
it has now reached a new level
a level I never thought existed
for it has boiled over everything
everything I have
everything I’ve worked to keep
for I am now totally corrupted
drowning in poison
the poison of my life
the poison you all help create
the poison that has been growing within me
anger
anger is that poison
anger is the poison within
the thing that is eating me alive
eating me from within
corrupting every cell of me
turning me in to a corruption
for now I am just a corruption
corruption...Anger building up
So close to exploding
I am so close to the edge
No second thoughts before knowing
My body shakes with anger
The line is so close
Slowly starting to overstep that line
My eyes start to tear up
Softly falling down my cheeks
Anger invades me
Precisely and carefully taking over
Anger...Anger...Anger
The human passion that can help or destroy me
I feel like I'm alone in this small world
But the anger becomes my friend
My body crumbles to the ground
I wake up screaming
My mother comes to rock me to sleep.My house, is burning under fire?
I’m gathering proof!
To accuse my neighbor
I scuffle I ruffle I shuffle the things!
Still I can’t get hold of my anger!
If someone could tell me
What should I do with my anger?
Those who saved the lives
The real heroes
Would they come back?
To tell the tale…
To tell what should we do?
To gather the proof or retaliate?
What should I do with my anger?
My house, my nation is burning under fire!Anger is the devil inside our locked up souls,
Anger is the spirit in which I with hold,
Angers the such demond who never is told,
Anger is which never ever grows old.
Anger is a lie when someone's in trouble,
Anger is always there on the double,
That's what anger is!A spark, a flame, a fireball,
Anger, borne of dry desire
Hurts and harms
Hearts and homes
Burns and breeds destruction
Of emotions, relations and creations.
When untamed, a wild weapon,
When tamed, a friendly flame
That fuels the vision
To fight for the right.
(22.06.2009)Searing reason and rationale,
With the seething rage of rash,
Like the red blaze in wild jungle,
Anger, in its impulsive brash,
Melts all hope’s and dreams to ash;anger is anger....
anger makes you scream
anger makes you hate
anger takes control
anger want let go
anger wants you to hurt
anger wants you to suffer
anger makes you mad
anger makes you cry
anger turns people against you
anger is anger...................Anger, a spark, within all of us.
There, anger is lurking, waiting to
ignite the dynamite, that will
cause an explosion of words,
and actions, that can not be taken back.
Anger, is the roadblock, to anything
and everything, worthwhile in life.
Anger, seemingly an involuntary reaction,
to rejection of thought or action.
Anger, an interpretation, of unacceptable behavior.
Anger, almost always followed by regret.
Anger, an emotion. who's children are,
anxiety, fear, frustration, animosity, passion,
outrage and a thousands of other, emotionally
affecting articulations.
Anger, the replacement of reason.
What is the enemy of anger? The
enemy of anger, is, patience, understanding
and love.
Anger, the emotion, the world would be
far better off, without.
© Joe FazioANGER
Anger,
is like,
having a  burning coal,
in his hands,
and burning himself,
it is a volcano,
destroys all the limbs,
it is an earthquake,
that shakes itself,
it is a bomb-blast,
that blasts its own body,
it is a bullet that kills himself,
drive away angeranger is not love
anger is driking
anger is killing someone
anger one thing never do
love, anger love not anger
anger is ramming you head throug a glass door
when your  are man you do stupid things
stupid things that are stupid
when mad you dont feel nuthing
anger we all have
anger you cant change
when mad stays
stay away from everyone
anger can kill because you do stupid things
when mad sleep
anger just anger
ANGERanger is anger
anger makes you scream
anger makes you hate
anger takes control
anger want let go
anger wants you to hurt
anger wants you to sufer
anger makes you mad
anger makes you cry
anger turns people against you
anger is angeranger is a force that can never die
anger is a force that lies deep within us
anger is the force that can change a man life
anger is the force that can create a kill
anger is the force that can ruin your life
anger is the thing we all fear
anger is the force that will kill us all
anger is the force that we shall take to are graveAnger
I keep it all inside
I keep it close to my side
For If I lose it all
Heaven knows I'll die
I let it go
I breathe it in
It keeps coming back
For it is my sin
It's burned in me
It haunts me day & night
Carved into my core
It is my only sight
It's the only thing I know
It's all that is me
It's the only emotion I show
I wish I could be free
Angeryou make my so angry
i feel like you hate me
i want you to die
because you always make me cry
as i talk to you my anger begins to grow
and my love for you begins to slow
i hate when you ignore me
becasue thats when i get really angry
i hate when you act that way
i get mad at you every day
i dont know why i love you
sometimes i just wish i would say that we're threw
i hate you more than anything
take all your stuff especially this stupid ring
i dont want to deal with this anymore
why dont you just get out of my house walk through that doordeep, dark ocean
womb vortex of secrets
there lies a black pearl
reflecting ominously
the pure ivory
of its parent oyster
there in reign
I lie too
let me lie
disturb not my watery repose
for if i rise
i shall swallow you whole.'ANGER IS WHEN YOU FEEL LIKE YOU WANT O PUNCH SOMEONE IN THE FACE
ANGER IS WHEN YOU TURN ALL RED
ANGER IS WHEN ALL SEEMS IS GOING WRONG
ANGER IS WHAT I FEEL WHEN I'M NEAR YOU'Anger is bubbling away at me.
Burning a whole in my heart.
Making me burn with rage.
I have good reason to be angry.
I only wish
I could make them pay.
Put them through
What they did to me.
Anger is destroying me.
For Im hell bent on revenge..
I would love to dish out.
My own justice.
But I cant.
Anger Buabbles away.
Like a swishing sound
Of the waves.
Like a brook babbles
Anger takes ahold.Anger is bubbling away at me.
Burning a whole in my heart.
Making me burn with rage.
I have good reason to be angry.
I only wish
I could make them pay.
Put them through
What they did to me.
Anger is destroying me.
For Im hell bent on revenge..
I would love to dish out.
My own justice.
But I cant.
Anger Buabbles away.
Like a swishing sound
Of the waves.
Like a brook babbles
Anger takes ahold.Anger, a spark, within all of us.
There, anger is lurking, waiting to
ignite the dynamite, that will
cause an explosion of words,
and actions, that can not be taken back.
Anger, is the roadblock, to anything
and everything, worthwhile in life.
Anger, seemingly an involuntary reaction,
to rejection of thought or action.
Anger, an interpretation, of unacceptable behavior.
Anger, almost always followed by regret.
Anger, an emotion. who's children are,
anxiety, fear, frustration, animosity, passion,
outrage and a thousands of other, emotionally
affecting articulations.
Anger, the replacement of reason.
What is the enemy of anger? The
enemy of anger, is, patience, understanding
and love.
Anger, the emotion, the world would be
far better off, without.
© Joe FazioWhy do I let you get to me?
I don't understand what you say -
One minute you're glad
The next one you're mad
I feel like I'm treading thin ice;
You constantly throw me off balance,
I hold my affection in check -
And then in a minute
You smile, and you win it
I feel like I'm losing my mind;
Why do you make me so angry?
Why do I feel so uptight?
I so want to please you
Instead I just tease you
And then we end up in a fight;
So why don't we just change the game plan,
Agree to be lovers instead -
And when there's an issue
We'll just grab the tissue
And make anger so sweetly in bed!
For my special friend - 'THANK YOU'I'm not even going to say a word.
My mind compels me to speak, but for what?
So I can angrily express something absurd?
I can deal with it on my own instead of getting my throat cut.
I'm not even going to say a word.
Many thoughts of what to say spark here and there
Maybe if I try telling someone I can be heard.
If I don't react some way I won't get anywhere.
I'm not even going to say a word.
Yes, I make mistakes and I will own them
And time after time I'd correct them if I could
Because I know anger does not make them stem.
So now I'm saying this
For the simple fact for myself
All I need is to relax and rest
So I don't hurt myself or someone else.
1993eating away
eating away at all has been hidden through time
letting lose all that has been locked away
freeing everything that is kept within
calling the beast that lays withineating away at me
eating away at all I’ve worked to keep in control
letting lose all I’ve kept quiet
freeing everything I kept bottled up all these years
freeing the beast from withinToday I was angry with my friend
And I decided everything came to an end
I was irate for no reason
I acted as if my choice was treason
He sat with me like everyday
But today we did not talk or play
I avoided him as much as I could
Because I was angry with him, my friend
He tried to solve things out
By having a little spout
I turned my face away
Because I was angry with him, my friend
All his tries were in vain
He was true but I took it feign
Whatever so, I shunned him
Because I was angry with him, my friend
A friend or foe, now I thought
It baffled my mind, a doubt
But I bored him, ignored him
Because I was angry with him, my friend
What if I heard him through out?
Wouldn’t our fury be hindered?
Then we would still be friends
I should listen to him, my friend
He said words of fret and regret
He said of defense and confusion
He was a sad, mad lad
I forgave him all at once
He was my friend after all!
(WRITTEN FOR AND ABOUT MADDY....FOR A REASON I KEEP TO MYSELF)
OCTOBER 24,2008Be slow to anger
And  much quicker to love.
God didn't make mankind
To hate, hurt and our neighbors begrudge.
He gave each of us the holiest of gifts
Something we all posses.
And in our hearts, is where God’s love does its best.
So when you feel your anger building up inside
Go and give it to God, let in Him there reside.
His love is sufficient for all you see
He lives inside of you and me.
To bring mankind hope, joy and love
He gives it freely, from His Father God above.
It will smoother out any of anger's wrath
He will beat it up with the Holiest of bats!
He will beat it down, deep into the ground
So far, that your anger my friend
Will never again, ever be found.As i pase through the unrelaxing motion of hate.. I feel the blood in my body rising like a flood, The tears swelling down my face like unstoppable rain, The anger building up like a tornado and the Blood tricklings from my hands is the motion of an unsovled murder i commited.. i try to study these flash backs with an open steady mind, but then the pain is to deep to uncover the angry pictures i had in my mind.. It felt like i was going to blackout and lose my mind! then the aurguement flares up like a huge flame of fire, then i start to feel like an animal in the jungle looking for it's prey, then i instally attacked my deepest feeling and went out of my mind with an unbearble thrash to my life that i could'nt dare control.. closed my eyes to think deep within the mind and when i woke up i never fulfilled my unsolved nightmare?When the clouds of anger
descend upon our mind
things are said in haste
which can hurt deeper
that the thrust of any sword
and will haunt us forever.
No amount of sorry
will ever take them back,
they will just live there
among our memories to haunt us
when things start bothering us again.When toxic and volatile emotions
Are causing confusion and commotion,
Feelings are hijacked, hot thoughts race,
Mind gets enveloped in a rage.
As a consequence, visibility comes down,
It’s wise to shift gears and slow down.
Switch on the wipers
And clear the fog on the mind’s mirror.
Lest you forever live to regret
And wonder how I met with an accident.
Take few deep breaths, and count to ten,
As anger clouds the perception.
Your ability to discern goes haywire
So whatever you say backfires.
First deal with your inner pollution,
To stop firing deadly ammunition.
Remove yourself from the object of your ire
Lest you shoot arrows of fire
And give in to your primitive instinct,
Do something that your mood uplifts.
When the fog finally lifts
You’ll realise, perception does shift.
Then you’ll be glad
Things didn’t get out of hand.
Anger is our worst enemy
Causes havoc in our life and body chemistry.Anger bestowed upon self
Is weight upon soul
If you cannot walk with rocks tied onto your feet
Why then would you put so much weight onto your soul
It hurts inside, and you know it
It burns inside, and you feel it
But you not listening to your reasoning
Nor paying attention to your past
Let go, would be easy
But you hold on, like its priceless
If there is anyone loosing
That person would be you
Common, enjoy the freedom
And see the people smiling
If the eye, a window to the soul
Then anger,  a veil over the eyes
Get those rocks off your feet
Lift up those veil off your eyes
Let your true self reveal
The beauty you hold insideI read this quote
“Depression is anger without enthusiasm.”
I don’t believe that for a second,
I think depression is loneliness,
Feeling so lonely inside
Even if the world surrounds you
And knowing you cant blame anyone but yourself
But that’s just me.
And even worse
When the people you’d think know you best,
Don’t even notice.
Depression to me is
An overwhelming feeling
of defeat
Feeling that somehow,
In a game, you verses life
You lose
And there is no
Double or nothing
Or a such thing as re-do’s
Some of us accept it
And try other strategies
Others are left
Only to dwell
On what tactics they could have changed.Whatever You do, Whatever You say,
Even if Your angry all day,
Even if You want quiet time alone,
Or possibly time away from home,
Don't Let the Sun go down on Your anger! ! !
Don't Let anger take hold of You,
That You don't know what You do!
Pray! Right away! Jesus is waiting to hear! !
Tell Him all about it! No Reason to fear!
Than all Your anger will disappear! ! !
Ask Jesus for Forgiveness Immediately! ! !
For the anger that You displayed
To No Longer have anger in Your Heart
So, It won't become a part of You, Everyday! ! !
When Jesus was Upon the Cross! ! !
He said 'Father Forgive Them!
For they do Not no what they do! '
Always Love One another! Forgive All Others!
Just Like Our Father Forgave Me and You! !
Follow Jesus Steps! It's God's Request! ! !
Patricia Grace NicholsonAnger for injustice
Anger for violence
Beside us
Inside us
Kae manungsa golek upa angkara
Sesingidan mawuni
Nggawa bandha donya
Mbuwang rasa agama
Nyingkiri sesanti ati
Tan wedi dosa
Tan eling bakal mati
Anger for fighting
Against those criminals
Anger for defending
Those beloved creaturesFathers anger you
But you love them
Fathers hurt you on the inside
But you love them
Fathers get drunk
But you love them
Fathers are always out with the ‘boys’
But you love them
My father is all ways there for me on one thing though
Wether angry, painful, drunk, or even out with the boys.
He is always there me when I need him the most.She sat looking at me,
Not listening to a word.
Every time we talked, she
Said my opinion was absurd—
You should have seen my face;
The anger I showed was a disgrace.
For years, I have lived with such anger,
Gnawing anger, the kind that lingers
Like roadkill. To be sure, I am not stranger
To rage. Its long bony fingers
Have touched my heart many times,
Urging me to commit heinous crimes.
But to blame anyone for my rage is unjust.
No one is responsible for my fury,
Though I may think so, my eyesight is simply blurry
Anger is seeking a new slave;
As for me, I’d rather be brave,
Before anger puts me deep down in a grave.One must find the power to harness any moments of
anger and remember that anger is the roadblock
to all that is worthwhile and meaningful in life.
© Joe FazioBuild me up
Tear me down
Say you love me
Think I cheat on you... F*** NO! ! !
I wanted to marry you
I saw something in you
I still do
I love you
Truly I still do
But I hope this guy was worth it
Now I'm pissed
Honestly if killing wern't illegal
WTF! ! !One time you want to run away
To go and never look back
You feel that you hate people
And you hate yourself
You didn't make any mistake
But you want to punish yourself
To broke every thing that make you happy
And you want to be in the cage of sadness forever
You think all these things when you are angry
Your brain tell you that you are wrong but your heart want to explose...
But after few time you'll forget
And you'll be stronger than you were
And finally you realize that you learnt many things and your belief in God has increased
Which give you the power to fly...to reach be on the sky
And you'll know that everywhere you go God will protect you
Just trust...A twisted fear of my own emotions, my tortured temper raises,
Piercing screams, contorted thoughts, haunted by angered faces.
They race around my confused mind, and strangle all that’s sane,
They take the anger to my hand and force me to inflict pain.
My anger feeds on my tears and when its full it is ready,
Racing through my pounding veins, taking over my body.
The screams are getting louder, my veins are pumping hard,
My anger is taking over, it leaves me feeling scared.
I take the blade to my sweating skin and slowly begin to cut,
Not deep enough to reach my veins, but deep enough to hurt.
I can feel the anger flowing, trickling down my arm,
Slowly cutting into my skin, I’m beginning to feel calm.
As my anger lessens, my head begins to ache,
This fully active anger is more than I can take.
My arms display my minds illness, and still no one can see,
What my haunted, twisted mind is forever doing to me.
Once the blood dries on my arms, my anger lays to rest,
Soaking up all my tears to once again put me to the test.
My mind is now hollow and empty, all has gone away,
Though my anger is no longer here, my thoughts are still astray.
Now I’m left with nothing, I feel so numb and alone,
Not having any thoughts at all, I lay here on my own.
Its going to come back and get me, I just don’t know when,
Its going to come and take over my mind and my arms again.
The anger is part of who I am and with me it wants to stay.
No one can make me better, no one can take it away,
It wont let you take it from me, it will hide from you, you’ll see,
Then when you think that I’m ok, it will come back for me.
Don’t try to understand me, I don’t expect you to,
I just want you to help me, be there when I need you,
Forgive me when I cannot smile, sit with me when I can’t speak,
Hold out your hand to me when I am feeling weak.
I understand if you cant do this, but please don’t then tell me its ok,
Because my anger is getting stronger and will get me for good one day.Great buildings before her have toppled like dominos
She made them look as fragile as a castle of sand
Built on the beach by children in the morning
And washed out to sea when the tide floods the strand.
Anything humans do build cannot withstand her anger
The strongest of structures from their foundations she shake
Compared to her we are just tiny insects
There is nothing we can build that she cannot break.
We who are arrogant do not respect her
Though in her bosom we are destined to lay
There is no greater force than Mother Nature
On life and death she has the final say.
There is some price to pay for our pollutants
Our polluting of oceans, waterways and land
Little we seem to know of Mother Nature
And little of her ways we do understand.
On ourselves we invite the anger of Nature
She can shake to rubble our mightiest towers
Yet she can be gentle the one we live off of
And we see her great beauty in her blossoms and flowers.Not from this anger, anticlimax after
Refusal struck her loin and the lame flower
Bent like a beast to lap the singular floods
In a land strapped by hunger
Shall she receive a bellyful of weeds
And bear those tendril hands I touch across
The agonized, two seas.
Behind my head a square of sky sags over
The circular smile tossed from lover to lover
And the golden ball spins out of the skies;
Not from this anger after
Refusal struck like a bell under water
Shall her smile breed that mouth, behind the mirror,
That burns along my eyes.There is plenty of anger inside of me
It has to stop
Why is there so much anger inside of me?
My anger is part of my frustration
I have to control it now
My anger causes me plenty of trouble
There is plenty of anger inside of me
And what is anger do I know?
Anger is a strong feeling of displasure
It is a grief that I have inside of me
How can I control it?
What triggers my anger?
Can I recognize it?THE lanky hank of a she in the inn over there
Nearly killed me for asking the loan of a glass of beer:
May the devil grip the whey-faced slut by the hair,
And beat bad manners out of her skin for a year.
That parboiled imp, with the hardest jaw you will see
On virtue’s path, and a voice that would rasp the dead,
Came roaring and raging the minute she looked on me,
And threw me out of the house on the back of my head!
If I asked her master he’d give me a cask a day;
But she, with the beer at hand, not a gill would arrange!
May she marry a ghost and bear him a kitten, and may
The High King of Glory permit her to get the mange.Remember Man that Anger is futile!
Restrain your temper bad when ‘fumes’ arise;
Apologize if guilty, in high style,
And write your Anger off or play it nice.
Mere counting helps to dissipate Anger;
But slamming doors and raving mad aren’t right;
Poetry puts the ‘plane’ into hanger!
When Anger comes, Man loses his insight.
The more you write, the stinging tone gets less;
The balls you smash will fall away off-court;
Painting, cartooning help Anger harness;
Just hold your temper making it your forte!
An action rash in angry mood too fails;
When calm returns, a better sense prevails.
6-6-2001This ill temper I have is making me mad
I blow up and I don’t know why
I wish for just a moment I could handle my anger right
I wish for just a moment I could love you right
I wish my attitude would just go away
I wish my anger would stay at bay
This outlook I have on life needs to change
This outlook I have you needs to say the same
I love you deep down inside
I wish you would see
That you’re the only princess for me
The anger I have deep in side
Comes out when I least expect it
This anger I have in me should just go away
This anger I have is an annoyance
This anger I have has messed my life up
This anger I have is stupid
Anger you have messed up my marriage
Anger you have messed up my life
Anger you have destroyed who I am inside and out
Anger you are the devil
Anger you are all that is bad
This anger I have in me has made me fight
A fight that was not worth it
Anger you made me hit the wrong person
Anger you made me do the wrong things
Anger you are the feeling that I would never miss
Anger you have caused me so much sorrow
Anger you have caused nothing but grief.
Anger just go awayI do not express my anger
I prefer to be at peace
I go away from present danger
and my problems begin to cease
But I grieve, for it cannot last
My anger refuses to be ignored
Painful memories from the past
Have become a ruler and a lord
They rule over my mind with brute force
I cannot help but to cry
Of actions they cause I have much remorse
Because of these crimes, I deserve to die
Anger trapped within
has become my torture, my sorrow, my sinKnow, O dear readers, that the medicine of a disease is to remove the
root cause of that disease. Isa (Jesus Christ) -peace be upon him-
was once asked: 'What thing is difficult?' He said: 'God's wrath.'
Prophet Yahya (John the Baptist) -peace be upon him- then asked:
'What thing takes near the wrath of God?' He said:'Anger'. Yahya -
peace be upon him- asked him:'What thing grows and increases anger?'
Isa -peace be upon him- said:'Pride, prestige, hope for honour and
haughtiness'
The causes which cause anger to grow are self-conceit, self-praise,
jests and ridicule, argument, treachery, too much greed for too much
wealth and name and fame. If these evils are united in a person, his
conduct becomes bad and he cannot escape anger.
So these things should be removed by their opposites. Self-praise is
to be removed by modesty. Pride is to be removed by one's own origin
and birth, greed is to be removed by remaining satisfied with
necessary things, and miserliness by charity.
The prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) said: 'A strong man is not
he who defeats his adversary by wrestling, but a strong man is he who
controls himself at the time of anger.'
We are describing below the medicines of anger after one gets angry.
The medicine is a mixture of knowledge and action. The medicine based
on knowledge is of six kinds:
(1) The first medicine of knowledge is to think over the rewards of
appeasing anger, that have come from the verses of the Quran and the
sayings of the Prophet (pbuh). Your hope for getting rewards of
appeasing anger will restrain you from taking revenge.
(2) The second kind of medicine based on knowledge is to fear the
punishment of God and to think that the punishment of God upon me is
greater than my punishment upon him. If I take revenge upon this man
for anger, God will take revenge upon me on the Judgement Day.
(3) The third kind of medicine of anger based on knowledge is to take
precaution about punishment of enmity and revenge on himself. You
feel joy in having your enemy in your presence in his sorrows, You
yourself are not free from that danger. You will fear that your enemy
might take revenge against you in this world and in the next.
(4) Another kind of medicine based on knowledge is to think about the
ugly face of the angry man, which is just like that of the ferocious
beast. He who appeases anger looks like a sober and learned man.
(5) The fifth kind of medicine based on knowledge is to think that the
devil will advise by saying: ' You will be weak if you do not get
angry!' Do not listen to him!
(6) The sixth reason is to think: ' What reason have I got to get
angry? What Allah wishes has occurred!'
Medicine based on action
When you get angry, say: I seek refuge in God from the accursed evil
(A'oudhou billaahi min as shaytaan ir rajeem). The prophet (pbuh)
ordered us to say thus.
When Ayesha (RA) got angry, he dragged her by the nose and said: ' O
dear Ayesha, say: O God, you are the Lord of my prophet Muhammad,
forgive my sins and remove the anger from my heart and save me from
misguidance.'
If anger does not go by this means, you will sit down if you are
standing, lie down if you are sitting, and come near to earth, as you
have been created of earth. Thus make yourself calm like the earth.
The cause of wrath is heat and its opposite is to lie down on the
ground and to make the body calm and cool.
The prophet (pbuh) said: Anger is a burning coal. Don't you see your
eyebrows wide and eyes reddish? So when one of you feels angry, let
him sit down if standing, and lie down if sitting.
If still anger does not stop, make ablution with cold water or take a
bath, as fire cannot be extinguished without water.
The prophet (pbuh) said : ' When one of you gets angry, let him make
ablution with water as anger arises out of fire.' In another
narration, he said:' Anger comes from the devil and the devil is made
of fire.'
Hazrat Ali (RA) said:
The prophet did not get angry for any action of the world. When any
true matter charmed him, nobody knew it and nobody got up to take
revenge for his anger. HE GOT ANGRY ONLY FOR TRUTH.ur anger?
wat about mi anger?
wat about da fact,
i h8 mah life?
wat about touchin mah nerve?
da fact tat i miself,
from screamin out loud?
wat about me seein red?
wat about mi dissapointment,
me, shakin mah head,
sayin 'clean up UR act'
bcause ur selfish,
u care not 4 me, but
4 urself.....
wat about mah anger on tat? .....I realized that you too get angry sometimes as human beings.
But you should serve a substitute instead of ferocious Quake.
The innocents poured precious tears in their lifetime
But no gratitude shown at all.
I won't blame you as I know since my childhood
Earth is a graveyard.Listening to the storm
Seeing anger in your face
Stomping on the floor
As you start to make a disgrace
You fist against the wall
Forming cracks as you hit
Your temper isn't all
Your mind just seems to flip
You become a different person
A person who's unknown
You make people tense
Whenever you come to show
We would prefer to stay away
Not follow in your tracks
Your temper's not okay
Because your anger's in large stacksAnger, my faithful friend, never relenting, embedded in the
pit of my soul, ready to strike when fate and foe deal
their dreaded blows. Embracing you I have, all of my
life, drawing courage and strength in the face of pain.
I’ve been shunned by some, chastised by many when you
reared your ugly little head, but if not for your defense I
would have surely drowned in self defeat. In lack of
self responsibilities when inflicting their pain, my
foes have said, (Anger managment is what she needs) .
I pushed you away my friend, accepting the guilt from
others when clinging to you in times of trouble, but
as I picked my beat and bloody self up one day I
realized it was not my guilt but theirs that I took that
pushed you away.
Many have said that my friend is bad, but I say that
my friend is a gift,  so I could stand with courage and defend.
For God told of the sorrows in this life and knew
you would sustain me till the end. I thank  you
my faithful Friend.Anger?
Don't languor
under the name of 'soft'
or 'sensitive.'
Just explode.
It's what you do best.
Curse and swear,
go spare,
put the dagger in
if you dare
(and you do) .
Don't spare the pain.
Do it again
and again
and AGAIN.
But not with me.......Allowing
Nerves to
Get frayed
Escorting
RageIncisions marked with skin of silk,
I am vulnerable,
true to flesh and bone,
I am human,
capable of making the light dissapear within my fingertips.
I love and hate,
as such reactions towards the darkness I look on knowing that I
just won't make it...
Cracked up smiles and blurry faces try to escape the side of your,
sweet prescence,
thinking that a girl so ignorant such as she could sustain her
anger much longer.
She must be human for she feels what she's been taught.
Self pity is what she wants,
so her selfishness she will get,
even if her veins burn with envy,
or tower over with regret.
You've tried so hard to stay so strong
but obviously not enough,
You know you can make it through to him
so act like you're tough.
These burned bridges are slowly finishing it's trail,
and silence will be joined at the end,
until then she'll stay a ruined creation of the world,
she'll live or make ammend.There he was positioned in front of the
reflection and through the eyes he senses
the hint of anger.
As he stares he yells,
hands clenched and his voice booming
through the walls of his room.
He yells at his stupidity and his insanity,
of his depression restraining him whole,
he yells at the reflection that's in his way
of what he really was.
Every word he's yelled he's inflicted
on his kids,
every dropp of anger led from abuse he's installed
upon marks of misery on his own flesh and blood.
He points a finger at this madman that stands before him
pointing back,
and tells him that he's nothing,
that his anger is overpowering everything that
he use to be,
that with all the people he should blame
for his unhappiness it should be him
His eyes tell a story of a lonely little
boy inside his depressing heart,
now a grown man with kids of his own and still
he yells in fright.
This battle on his own is slowly wearing down,
because inside he's losing what he had,
that even his daughter at sixteen can't deal with his
prescence being around her because he's so sad.
So he looks with the anger through his eyes he's dead,
but inside he's still that little kid,
so when he burns all his bridges down,
he's gonna be by himself instead.
Touchy subject but I wrote it because of my father.
Thank you for reading.This morning I’m a feline,
walking with grace.
Hips swaying side to side
Head held high, tilted slightly.
Slowly moving in to manipulate you.
This afternoon I’m a dog,
Needy, wanting, loving.
snuggling in your lap,
feeling the warmth of your body,
enjoying every precious moment.
Tonight I’m a tiger,
gracefully moving toward you
with great anticipation.
I’ll take you down,
you will be mine.
I’m an animal most of the time.We’re marching for animal rights.
We have the right to fight.
Remember to hold you banners  high
As if they were going to touch the sky.
Walk with the turtles, especially old Myrtle.
She’s crawling slowly at the back.
Take Douglass the duck and Winslow the cat.
and push old Myrtle up the line,
She’s 102 ya know and still looking fine.
Today we march for all to see.
Come join with us, give us company.
We want to live and blend with you,
be your faithful companions too.
We live in a country of prosperity,
yet their are those  who treat us like dirt you see.
Give us what we deserve, we’ve paid our dues,
or we may take charge and turn on you.
We are your pets, should be your pride and joy.
Yet you treat us sometimes as if we were  toys.
We want our coats brushed, our wings fluffed
our backs shined, not all but most of the time.
Look those two old hens look like pretty good friends.
the dogs and cats are side by side,
three little mice are trying to hide.
The ducks and geese are walking proud,
and the monkeys are screeching out loud.
Pay attention to our demands,
We want love and gentle patting hands.
We want to be fed on time each day
and given attention while we play.
We want you to protect our right to live.
In turn we have much love to give.Who is sexually interested much - guy or girl?
Guy says it openly but girl never though crazy!
Easiest way to pass time or forget oneself is sex!
Humans too are animals or human-animals ever!
Intellectually and spiritually human is far high;
But for procreation only animal way is for him!
Overcoming sexual desire is human's obligation;
Most of them have not transcended its realm ever;
Only then intellectual, intuitional powers work...!
Human body is a great wonder but it's finite ever;
Only human spirit is infinite on par with divinity
And that only can give eternal pleasure longer ever!
Knowing this why humans fail to overcome craziness?
Human is animal only though has mind and spirit ever!Humans contrived weapons to help them survive,
Their spears and arrows kept them alive,
Eating just enough helped their prey to thrive,
Their numbers were relatively small.
As they evolved they became more diverse,
Across the planet they did disperse,
In taking control they did immerse,
Their progress no other could stall.
Their planet was rich in many resources,
For fuel they then searched other sources,
It’s from reality the unwise divorces,
Their behaviour began to appall.
There is no such thing as a precious metal,
What’s more valuable than gold, yes a petal,
Soon their ignorance would sting like a nettle,
Common sense they refused to install.
As a species they were only beginning to teethe,
But soon their incompetence made other life forms seethe,
With their fuels they poisoned the air they breathe,
In truth they knew bugger all.
Their weaponry if used would destroy their planet,
Even if they stopped now they’ll never ban it,
Their waste is fermenting under Earths granite,
They were heading for an almighty fall.
Extinctions under Humans became the norm,
With Mother Nature they refused to conform,
As they headed into the eye of the storm,
They continued having a ball.
Between them they became involved in a race,
To be the first to conquer outer space,
From what they encountered there’d be no hiding place,
When E.T. gave them a call.
What you have now is all you’ll ever get,
For your crass stupidity you will now pay the debt,
It’s far too late now to have any regret,
As all you ever did was brawl.
History will record that you tried and failed,
Your failure to help others has been unveiled,
On your own ineptitude you have been impaled,
Before you run you must learn to crawl.
Your arrogance made you think you were all seeing,
From reality you’ve been constantly fleeing,
You were never a superior intelligent being,
‘’ A More Dangerous Animal We Cannot Recall ‘’In the Kingdom of animal royalty
Where cats and dogs would reign
There’d be no sign of cruelty
Nothing inhumane
To join, just sign the application
With paw-prints, you’ll prevail
Complete your obligation
With the wagging of your tail
You’ll never have to wear a leash
As humans are not allowed
Come and go, just as you please
T’would be the cat’s meow
Coyotes and wolves and dogs and cats
All creatures of the night
Like frogs and turtles and owls and bats
Deserve their Bill of Rights
Humans are so certain that
Our planet’s their domain
But they also thought the world was flat
How foolishly inane
So join with us in our freedom fight
For animal liberation
As we strive on earth to set things right
Against human dominationChanges his color
Often like a chamelion
To intimidate
His rivals and the people
A vile political scheme.
Copyright 2020, Rose Marie Juan-Austin, All Rights Reserved poemHave you ever thought you are a useless animal?
You do practically nothing or exceptionally well
You are bent upon creating nonsense and virtual hell
Who will come to you for all this things to tell?
It is not confined to one single person
We go on spoiling the things without any reason
When there can be vast sand timely change in the seasons?
Is there any scope for us to act different and commit arson?
We eat, indulge in marry making and spend the day
We are practically spent over and lost on the way
We simply look at the sky for help with bright ray
How can it happen when you are not sure of how to say?
It demands care all the time for relatives and friends
You can’t live in isolation only to meet ends
You love the dear ones at home and outside
Try to create close infinity with bond and confide
Love is seasonal fruit and in times available
If you show it with sincerity then you will be able to
Cultivate the friendship for all times to come
Praise from all quarters and you will be welcome
Try to reach out to each and every one in your circle
How flowers look beautiful in colors like red.pink and purple?
It is our duty to spread fragrance with some purpose
Life may look beautiful and meaningful thus
We can’t spent the life animals even though are quite useful
We should be free enough to think twice before being called fool
It is of no use that we are termed or called under that context
We got to prepare ourselves for the next possible test
We are human beings and may err sometimes
We may be cautioned and warned many times
It is quite natural to follow suit and amend
It may be nice to find us comfortable t the end
Throw open all the doors and wait for change
Face all the difficulties and possibly manage
Try for everything which you can have and arrange
It will be definitely a good beginning on your page
How can we make it worth while and enjoy?
Why not we render happiness and joy?
We are human beings so naturally react
It is not impossible for us to fairly act
We are social animal and have to live among
No one is perfect and we may sometime go wrong
It is still possible to compromise and act in fairness
Everything can be tackled with wisdom and coolnessAimless animal
Tuesday,9th October 2018
it is better to die
than to live
as an aimless animal
Hasmukh Amathalal MehtaWhen one is called simple
that may simply not be so.
A context in rhythm
is an arrogant conception,
a bereavement of solace
and an independent curator of time.
Hell hops the furry forward
and the breath of ones
own mother horn the adjunct.
A brazen blow to a humorous head
A jackal knightly; a usefull dish
among the kindled flame of orange hue.
Anticipate this. A brush with
the word; a coffin to suit the
most pleasurable death.
A just moment and a comprehensible
tip should not a hearty meal choke.
This is the metal, the straight
that bores the iron and shields man.
Copyright 12-19-2008©® Sarah SissonSahara desert
Rare oasis around
Hardly rain there
Dry leaves, dead sand
Some deadly herbs
As hot, hard stone;
The deathstalker
Namely scorpion,
The thorny devil,
The silver ant,
The scarab beetle,
The sand viper,
Horrible reptiles,
Desert hyenas,
Foxes, wild dogs;
Leopard, cheetahs;
And some hungry
Poisonous and
Ferocious beings
There live in;
Dry heart year round
No mercy in mind.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 8December,2017Animals are being abused everyday
And they are hopeless
They have nothing to say
What will you do if you were in there place?
When you have no voice to make them stop
Because some times they fight against you with no grace
And some of them after you gave them all that love
They don’t pay back enough
Because they consider animals as there own
But they belong to god, he gave them to us
So we won’t be alone
We can stop and never go back to the abuse again
We should start treating animals with kindness and respect
We can help them to make up for the pain
And we can also set them free to where they belong
Because we can’t lock them in cages
They didn’t do us any wrong
So tomorrow will be a fresh start with humans friends
And forget what we did for so long
Together we will stay tell the end.As the warm weather heats the ground at my feet
Donkeys shaking at their knees
worked to death not given food to eat
as they carry the load from the work day full
on their backs across the mountains, all over the road
the grain is off to pakistan to be sold
a people lost selling their soleI had some fun
With some deer
We made some runs
Not for beer
I collected nuts
With the squirrels
It's a lot of nuts
In this world
I fell asleep
Counting sheep
I know the wolves
Try to creep
Got a ride from a horse
Seen a cow
There's cattle in a church
Holy cow......
So I prayed with a mantis
I'm so lost like Atlantis
Then I spoke with a parrot
Raced a rabbit for a carrot
I bought a new raft
At the marina
Then shared a few laughs
With the hyenas
Due to heavy flooding
Had to tip toe
I also went mudding
With a hippo
Pigs in a blanket
Not hogs
Chow at the banquet
Hotdogs
Figuratively,
"It's a lot of d*mn buildings"
Literally......
Said, the beavers dam building
A kiss from a frog
A hiss from a snake
A lick from a dog
I get what it takes
I've bonded with animals
Just like the people
Our dependence on each other
Still remains equal
Read Animal Bonding Community 2 and look out for part 3Quiero un amor feroz de garra y diente
Que me asalte a traición a pleno día
Y que sofoque esta soberbia mía
este orgullo de ser todo pudiente.
Quiero un amor feroz de garra y diente
Que en carne viva inicie mi sangría
A ver si acaba esta melancolía
Que me corrompe el alma lentamente.
Quiero un amor que sea una tormenta
Que todo rompe y lo renueva todo
Porque vigor profundo lo alimenta.
Que pueda reanimarse allí mi lodo,
Mi pobre lodo de animal cansado
Por viejas sendas de rodar hastiado.Can you enjoy a meal,
If it ain't your Cat.
Is he mad as a Dog,
or blind as a Bat.
Could he be Chicken,
Doing a gig.
or
Roars  like a Lion;
and snorts  like a Pig.
Perhaps he's
Mean as a  Bear
Sly as a Fox
Quiet as a Mouse.
Or big as an Ox.
If I wonder anymore,
what he might be.
Would he fly like a Bird
or sting like a Bee
This has probably been done,
One way, or another.
Guess I better eat my words,
Before they turn to Butter,Animal crackers and cocoa to drink,
That is the finest of suppers I think;
When I'm grown up and can have what I please
I think I shall always insist upon these.
What do YOU choose when you're offered a treat?
When Mother says, 'What would you like best to eat?'
Is it waffles and syrup, or cinnamon toast?
It's cocoa and animals that I love most!
The kitchen's the cosiest place that I know;
The kettle is singing, the stove is aglow,
And there in the twilight, how jolly to see
The cocoa and animals waiting for me.
Daddy and Mother dine later in state,
With Mary to cook for them, Susan to wait;
But they don't have nearly as much fun as I
Who eat in the kitchen with Nurse standing by;
And Daddy once said, he would like to be me
Having cocoa and animals once more for tea.We are hell bent on committing animal cruelty
Thousands of unknown diseases emanate from poultry
They are culled in thousands under the pretext of containment
Have they just been remained as tools for entertainment?
Hundreds of slaughter houses are coming on day by day
Possibly we have no other option for extinction in any way
We are cutting our own roots to land in difficult situation
We may no alternative but go in for its continuation
Useful cattle parish in broad day light
They have lost the sympathy and rights
They are picked up and sent to slaughter houses
We watch it silently and no compassion arouse
Is there no enough food to last us long?
Do we have policies that are very wrong?
Cattle who have no further use may not outlive
What is the use of destroying precious lives?
They have served mankind well through out the centuries
They have saved them from great miseries
Nature too has provided enough to live on without their flesh
Why not to make right move and start from the fresh
They may last in few more years
We have profound interest and worst fears
We can’t allow them to disappear with pleasing eye
It is quite natural to raise the question and ask why?
No on has satisfactory answer or perfect solution
They are adding new dimension with enough ammunition
The population rise is thing of main concern
It may land us in major problem in turn
The natural source can’t be allowed to be used disproportionately
We have enough or in abundance fortunately
It must raise concern and worry even if lately
The solution must be found exactly and precisely
We have no right to go for complete annihilation
Nature and man kind has got direct relation
If nature is allowed to be finished so do we
It will then not be called world as free
Nature has never discouraged us from anything
It has offered us lot many things in form of something
It was always source of great satisfaction to us
We must preserve them at any cost and act thus
The world may still survive and so the cattle
The issue must be raise and allow it to settle
It is common cause that may take front seat
We are not here to challenge it completely beat
There may be some preventive laws
It lacks will power and has many flaws
We must try to reason out and draw
A complete full proof plan to showAnimal Farm
The news on papers, sites and yahoo
Politics as dirty as they’ve been forever
Comments, telescopes, microscopes give detail
See my Goosebumps, the hair standing on its tail
Is this a world we’re living in?
Are we in heaven or there’s nothing but a hell?nice to be an animal
free from worry and care
no possessions
no clothes to wear
no toothbrush or comb
sleep anywhere
no clock to watch nor time to keep
sun and moon with you, awake or asleep
away from it all
enjoying woods and field
no rush hour to negotiate
your animal spirit healed
mate with whomever
no marriage endeavor
'poor' as you both are -
on a wild date - gaze at a falling star
never a need to cook
food from soil, stream or forest nook
eat your meat and veggies raw
no fork or knife - use your beak or paw
wild, surprising adventure
every challenging day
nature intended an interesting life
this natural wayWalking 'round my yard, I just wanted to see, if any
little friends wanted company..
I saw Mrs. Robin sitting in a tree, guarding her nest,
and her children three..
She was busy at the moment, and said, ' go visit Mr. Squirrel..
He just broke up with his cute little girl..'
I said, ' how do you do, Mr. Squirrel so blue, I
have some nuts, I'd like to share with you..'
He replied, 'keep the nuts, I don't want to be fed,
I'm feeling so sad, I'm going back to bed..
I left in a hurry to catch Mr. Rabbit, he was hopping along,
in his usual habit..  I said, 'hi Mr. Rabbit good to see you,
He replied, good to see you too but I got a lot of work to do..
As I strolled around the house, I saw the Groundhog,
and the Grouse..  The were both very busy, so I went
to see Mrs. Mouse..  Mrs. Mouse is usually home, 'cause
she rarely leaves the house..  She put a sign on the wall,
that was flapping in the breeze..  It read, ' Open House Today,
please bring your own cheese..' No one today wants to
talk or play.. I guess I'll read a book.. But first let me see,
if the Animals are all safe.. It's worth a second look..That summer, we did not simply walk through
the valley of the shadow of death; we set up camp there,
orchestrating funerals for the anonymous,
found dead: a drowned mole—its small, naked palms
still pink—a crushed box turtle, green snake, even
a lowly toad. The last and most elaborate
of the burials was for a common jay,
identifiable but light and dry,
its eyes vacant orbits. We built a delicate
lichgate of willow fronds, supple, green—laced
through with chains of clover. Straggling congregation,
we recited what we could of the psalm
about green pastures as we lowered the shoebox
and its wilted pall of dandelions into the shallow
grave one of us had dug with a serving spoon.
That afternoon, just before September and school,
when we would again become children, and blind
to all but the blackboard's chalky lessons, the back
of someone's head, and what was, for a while longer,
the rarer, human death—there, in the heat-shimmered
trees, in the matted grasses where we stood,
even in the slant of humid shade—
we heard wingbeat, slither, buzz, and birdsong—
a green racket rising to fall as though
in a joyous dirge that was real,
and not part of our many, necessary rehearsalsThe sweet smile upon your lips
Smooth movement of your hips
Charming gaze
Eyes ablaze
I see the animal in you
The softness of your skin
Your ever cheeky grin
Killer nails
Crazy tales
I feel the animal in you
The emotion in your tone
Intensely rich groan
Harsh speech
Now preach
I hear the animal in you
The fierce in your stroll
Kindness of your soul
Heart true
Destined view
I Love the animal in youA newborn bull calf
Being licked by its mother
Survival InstinctBite me
I will bite in return
Hurt me
I will hurt in return
Don't scare me
I will fill fear in you
Just once challenge me
I will bring you down
I like some thing
I will copy
You taunt me
I will simply deny
Accost me
I will tremble
Just once challenge me
I will bring you down
An animal is hidden
Inside this drape of humane
The instinct of a beast
Can never way out in feast
Let a moment trying appear
Restrain, humility disappear
Evil dances takes round
Revenge howls like hound
Trust and faith burn
Then Goodness in turn
Slumbers in this ground
Let that child wake
That hides in the rakes
Blow the whistle of peace
Hound in you can receive
Animal thus caged inside
Slowly love starts to igniteI've got this great kid who just loves all animals,
Cats, rabbits, dogs and ducks;
She wants to bring everything home
And it's getting rather tough -
If I'd let her
And she had her way,
She'd take in every wild critter
And each lost stray -
I'm running out of
Room and money,
Trying to house and feed
Ducks and bunnies -
I love my child dearly
And don't mean to complain,
But something's got to give
Before the whole farm goes down the drain!
I can't tell anymore
Who is running the place,
Us humans
Or those darn animals, for Pete's sake!
Plus my daughter's getting older now
And busier all the time,
So, it's dear old dad
Who's generally left with those critters to mind -
Looks like I'll just have to put my foot down
And let them all know,
In this little animal-kingdom
It is me who's King of the whole show!Have you ever heard a giraffe laugh,
Or a chimpanzee go hee hee hee?
Have you happened to hear a rhino ho ho,
Or the goofy giggle of a happy little flea?Animal lovers sit, with their exotic dogs,
at the trendy Cafe.
Pooch at feet, a smile
They ask what the Special for the day is.
Fresh catch? filet of baby cow? diced
young pigs, ? brutalized chickens? with
cheese and a very red whine...?Puppies and kitties march in the street
holding signs that say, 'Paws For A Cause! '
Booths set up along side of the road
showing photos of Kitties without claws!
And puppies tales being snipped off
so that have that certain look.
And dog catchers wagons filled with unwanted dogs
all caught by that dog catchers hook!
Dogs barking out their discontent
of the treatment that they've received!
With the food and conditions they have to endure
so as to meet some human seen need!
Animals parade, 'Paws For A Cause! '
they don't seem to be willing to quit.
To bring attention to what humans are doing
Now take Paws to think about this!Footsteps in the dark marching on the hearts
Of the stark winter terrain that was the family’s farm
Food shortage in the barn malnutrition starts to harm
No cream or proteins to stabilize their cells
Stomachs start to swell more than legends people tell
Frozen water in the well dehydration hits the lips
Rags clinging on to hips like rock climbers cling to cliffs
Brain damage then eclipse and then the focus shifts
The root cause of this strife fell down on these misfits
Because the regime that once deemed
Itself as for the people
Attained diplomatic status and a team
As secret as it was lethal
Predicated and dedicated to rooting out all foes
And enemies of state or anyone opposed
To their lavish lifestyles and constant talks of heroes
Zero tolerance for arguments on national policy
Broken promises the basis of this all-perfect polity
Sloppily take and take from the general public
Including any relatives who might have disrupted
Any luscious dinners with their cries of injustice
Crush peaceful marchers with tanks and sniper archers
Shoot into the crowd at anything moving around
In books and newspapers they write a different caption
Business as usual like the whole thing never happenedDragged down to the ground with a shoulder out of place
A man struggles all about, anguish carved into his face
His attacker stands up, but only for a moment
He takes this time out to notice his blood roaming
A second later he feels a sharp pain in his back
His attacker brought his knee down with all the force he had
One, and two, and three times he fell
Screaming each time like the damned souls of hell
The man lay still, mind adrift in the wind
Sees the smiling faces and him amidst his kin
They reach out to him and he reaches in return
Only to return to a fire that’s started to burn
His attacker must’ve tired because it seemed like some time
Since he felt any blows manhandling his spine
He could be paralyzed, in any case
He couldn’t just lie there and die
His attacker stood at his head like one of prominence
Spit on the man and asserted his pure dominance
But suddenly dropped to the floor in agonizing pain
The man had cut a tendon and a very lively vein
Blade in hand and moving as fast as stone
The man crept to his attacker and brought the point home
Over and over as his eyes filled with tears
Collapsed on his attacker and let go of his shears
Barely breathing but alive he can hear the fans cheerWe
are animals.
Having the
same instincts
as any animal.
Law of the
jungle courses
through our
veins.
Hormones flush
clouding
judgement, wrecking
havoc on reason
and intellect.
Procreation,
self preservation
strongest of
animal
instincts.
Sex and violence
dominates
human culture.
We think
ourselves
superior
sophisticated.
Biology
millions
of years in
the making.
Civilization
thousands
of years in
the making.
Conflicting,
struggling
to peacefully
coexist.clock o clock,
how could i be a diamond dog,
fox in the woods,
hunting for foods.There are people I think who consider me friend,
But I don't know for sure that they're right,
I may walk like a duck, even quack like a duck,
But I doubt that that means we won't fight.
I bought animal crackers in box as a child,
But you can't purchase friendship that way,
I've found friendship is messy, can even be wild,
Ideology even holds sway.
So then how do you know if somebody's your friend?
ALL ARE BROTHERS if you honor Christ!
It's an unlikely outcome if you're slave to trend
That views friendship as way overpriced.
I think friendship means man must be Christian at heart,
God CAN'T care if he "knows" Christ or not,
Loving God and such man simply can't be apart,
If not true, then God's just tommyrot.
In this spirit let us love Republican queens,
Although Satan's grabbed them by their crotch,
For they seem to believe that end justifies means,
And take pride in each body, each notch!
Or let human race die but creation survive,
Man unworthy of Science or Grace?
Tooth and claw of the dinosaurs once again thrive,
And humanity's sin thus erase!
Long Tooth
February 23,2017(Remember each plus+ prefixed line describes a diffrent animal. Try naming each different animal in the riddle. I've done these types of riddles on other sites and poets have so enjoyed doing them. So try solving and after sufficient answer attempts by diffrent poets I'll announce the 1st 3 winners along with my answers.)     ok try it.)
+Hooks and hangs itself prehensile style
+Paves the path with sticky glue slime
+Just watch a velvet moss covered branch that's mobile
+but watch out for that log-like predator's guile in the Nile
with a sly smile to beguile
+Nocturnal eyeballs move on baby face in the bush, oh my!
+Another a bird with the name of a flying toy in the sky.
+Its tongue that shoots out like a soft shooting arrow
+A winged biped one standing as upright as a human fellow.
+This one has the largest ears
+This one a little crown he wears
+A living teddybear gives its baby a piggy back ride.
+A young one who in its mommy's 'hide' pocket does hide
+Hardened skin house moving upon four wheels
+And another with a clothing that peels.
+Shakes its tail like a human baby's toy
+For safety in numbers this one's caravan convoy
Mention 3 animals who this method of travel employ.
Guess guess guessanimals have feelings
thoughts, needs, desires,
and emotions just as we do.
they're less likely to hide them,
or to lie about them...
and they love,
with undying hearts.
they have learned the beauty
of being who they are....
would that we could learn from them!
the next time someone tells you
that your dog or your cat,
your horse, or whatever,
doesnt have a soul,
slap them back into reality!
wolves pray when they howl.
whales talk across oceans.
birds define freedom with flight.
elephants teach us of family.
they are all a part of our families,
as we are of theirs...
we are responsible for each other.
let's live and love with respect!
we need each other!Prevent the cruelty to animals
Animals are also entitled to live
To enjoy the life until the last
Save the animals for our own sake.
Human beings becomes so cruel
To the animals including wild ones
In fact the earth is common for all
Rights of animals are to be protected.
Observe the tendency of the humans
The rich history we have passed in centuries
In cultures, civilizations we followed
A thought of selfishness with animals.
Domesticated some of the animals from wild
They followed the commands we gave
We used them for travel, war, and milking
For its skins to make ourselves comfort.
Denied justice in its negative health
Even killed without hesitation at all
Animals are also bound to get justice
In this world of injustice sometimes.
Slowly and sluggishly humans accepts
They makes schemes for their protection
But still the road is far away to reach
Until there is the goal of security deserve.
Welfare of animals are a necessity
Surely for the development of human beings
They were with us from the beginning
Do not negate their rights and issues in blind.Sacrifice unto me
The animal of thyself,
That tainted clothing
Of thy pride and flesh.
And…
With thy kneeling heart
And tears unfeigned,
Call upon the sword of truth
To cleave thy soul in twain.
To divide thy darkness
From thy light
And remove from thee
Thy sin
And sacrifice at last
Thy carnality
And the blackness
Of the beast within.
8-31-06I am an animal
Proud to be one as I walk on the naked earth
My animal limbs and my whole  body free
Free from the constraints of human society
Free from the chains of cultural identity
Free from the guilt of the original sin
I am filled with the pleasure of being alive
I thus embrace all which is animal in me
On each breath I take I am one with animal nature
I cast aside all symbols that mankind  invented to enslave
And all the absurd religions and arrogant ceremonies
I live only to see my reflection on the purity of nature
I live to run, swim, or fly with all beasts
I rejoice as my feet sink in the primeval muck of existence
And exude the essence of all my ancestors
I sing with each breath I take
I sing to my own materiality
I am made of seas, clouds and mountains and all natural phenomena
I let extinguish forever all feelings of shame
The corrupting images of the supernatural
And the inherited instincts of cruelty and power
I reject the notion that heavy labor ennobles
When in fact was created to submit and humiliate
I bow or pray to no one.
I sing to nature and to my animal freedom.I wish there was a cat in me
Giving love like a huge favour
But there's just a little puppy
Begging for itA bird, a dog
and a croaking frog
sat in a barn
telling yarns
with a cow and a calf
just for a laugh;
oh, the tales they told
new stories and old
like the chicken who made it to the other side
and the rooster who tried but died
also the one about the long gone old goat
who chewed threw the rope around his throat;
they talked well past midnight
right up to first light
that is until a big ol' fox walked in
with a mile-wide grin, he said
I'll give you a tale to tell that's new
the one about the fox who ate every one of you;
but, that old fox was a real sap
he took one step forward then heard the trap go SNAP!
the farmer came on the run
in his hand a trusty old gun,
now the animals do have a new tale to tell
about the day an arrogant fox got blowed all to hell.Day in day out i struggle
i have no future
None that i can see
nothing hopeful
nothing that can take from me this pain
nothing but one
death..
My life is one
uncaring
My life is one
ungrateful
my life is one
neglect
my life is one
death
Its difficult
for me to understand
its difficult
for me to
recall
If i had ever found out
why..
my life revolves in a cage
a cage of despair, death and steel
Yet i have it lucky
luckier than most
its painful
to see your own die
they don't care
they don't regret
my life consists
of no more than pain
helpless, hopeless pain
we never wronged them
we never interfered
we never hurt them
then why?
what..what did we do?
nothing...
Its hard to stay positive
its hard to remain hopeful
its hard to keep living
but we still do
and will do
until all hope is gone
Its difficult to live
When your life consists of nothing more than pain most days
Severe pain
It funny to know
the value of your life is nothing
nothing more than a beauty product
and perhaps for the lucky a cigarette.
Its painful to remember
the days strapped to the cold cold rack
while your eyes slowly melted away
wht coul you do but suffer
you could cry out but no one would come
Its tormenting to see
and feel your skin shrivel away
burnt and bloody
as the acid ate in
Its painful to know that you are slowly poisoned
and left to see whether you live of die
all that we could do was whimper
and some not even that
For us there is no hope
For us, no faith
For us, no remorse
only a slow painful death
This is no modern world
This is no intelligent race
This is no kind people
And we know
as we slowly crumble
the best part of it all is death...It is not human trafficking.The little hedgerow birds,
That peck along the roads, regard him not.
He travels on, and in his face, his step,
His gait, is one expression: every limb,
His look and bending figure, all bespeak
A man who does not move with pain, but moves
With thought.--He is insensibly subdued
To settled quiet: he is one by whom
All effort seems forgotten; one to whom
Long patience hath such mild composure given,
That patience now doth seem a thing of which
He hath no need. He is by nature led
To peace so perfect that the young behold
With envy, what the Old Man hardly feels.A was an elegant Ape
Who tied up his ears with red tape,
And wore a long veil
Half revealing his tail
Which was trimmed with jet bugles and crape.
B was a boastful old Bear
Who used to say,--'Hoomh! I declare
I can eat--if you'll get me
The children, and let me--
Ten babies, teeth, toenails and hair!'
C was a Codfish who sighed
When snatched from the home of his pride,
But could he, embrined,
Guess this fragrance behind,
How glad he would be that he died!
D was a dandified Dog
Who said,--'Though it's raining like fog
I wear no umbrellah,
Me boy, for a fellah
Might just as well travel incog!'
E was an elderly Eel
Who would say,--'Well, I really feel--
As my grandchildren wriggle
And shout 'I should giggle'--
A trifle run down at the heel!'
F was a Fowl who conceded
_Some_ hens might hatch more eggs than _she_ did,--
But she'd children as plenty
As eighteen or twenty,
And that was quite all that she needed.
G was a gluttonous Goat
Who, dining one day, _table-d'hote,_
Ordered soup-bone, _au fait_,
And fish, _papier-mache_,
And a _filet_ of Spring overcoat.
H was a high-cultured Hound
Who could clear forty feet at a bound,
And a coon once averred
That his howl could be heard
For five miles and three-quarters around.
I was an Ibex ambitious
To dive over chasms auspicious;
He would leap down a peak
And not light for a week,
And swear that the jump was delicious.
J was a Jackass who said
He had such a bad cold in his head,
If it wasn't for leaving
The rest of us grieving,
He'd really rather be dead.
K was a profligate Kite
Who would haunt the saloons every night;
And often he ust
To reel back to his roost
Too full to set up on it right.
L was a wary old Lynx
Who would say,--'Do you know wot I thinks?--
I thinks ef you happen
To ketch me a-nappin'
I'm ready to set up the drinks!'
M was a merry old Mole,
Who would snooze all the day in his hole,
Then--all night, a-rootin'
Around and galootin'--
He'd sing 'Johnny, Fill up the Bowl!'
N was a caustical Nautilus
Who sneered, 'I suppose, when they've _caught_ all us,
Like oysters they'll serve us,
And can us, preserve us,
And barrel, and pickle, and bottle us!'
O was an autocrat Owl--
Such a wise--such a wonderful fowl!
Why, for all the night through
He would hoot and hoo-hoo,
And hoot and hoo-hooter and howl!
P was a Pelican pet,
Who gobbled up all he could get;
He could eat on until
He was full to the bill,
And there he had lodgings to let!
Q was a querulous Quail,
Who said: 'It will little avail
The efforts of those
Of my foes who propose
To attempt to put salt on my tail!'
R was a ring-tailed Raccoon,
With eyes of the tinge of the moon,
And his nose a blue-black,
And the fur on his back
A sad sort of sallow maroon.
S is a Sculpin--you'll wish
Very much to have one on your dish,
Since all his bones grow
On the outside, and so
He's a very desirable fish.
T was a Turtle, of wealth,
Who went round with particular stealth,--
'Why,' said he, 'I'm afraid
Of being waylaid
When I even walk out for my health!'
U was a Unicorn curious,
With one horn, of a growth so _luxurious_,
He could level and stab it--
If you didn't grab it--
Clean through you, he was so blamed furious!
V was a vagabond Vulture
Who said: 'I don't want to insult yer,
But when you intrude
Where in lone solitude
I'm a-preyin', you're no man o' culture!'
W was a wild _Wood_chuck,
And you can just bet that he _could_ 'chuck'
He'd eat raw potatoes,
Green corn, and tomatoes,
And tree roots, and call it all '_good_ chuck!'
X was a kind of X-cuse
Of a some-sort-o'-thing that got loose
Before we could name it,
And cage it, and tame it,
And bring it in general use.
Y is the Yellowbird,--bright
As a petrified lump of star-light,
Or a handful of lightning-
Bugs, squeezed in the tight'ning
Pink fist of a boy, at night.
Z is the Zebra, of course!--
A kind of a clown-of-a-horse,--
Each other despising,
Yet neither devising
A way to obtain a divorce!
& here is the famous--what-is-it?
Walk up, Master Billy, and quiz it:
You've seen the _rest_ of 'em--
Ain't this the _best_ of 'em,
Right at the end of your visit?And now to what remains!- Since I've resolved
By what arrangements all things come to pass
Through the blue regions of the mighty world,-
How we can know what energy and cause
Started the various courses of the sun
And the moon's goings, and by what far means
They can succumb, the while with thwarted light,
And veil with shade the unsuspecting lands,
When, as it were, they blink, and then again
With open eye survey all regions wide,
Resplendent with white radiance- I do now
Return unto the world's primeval age
And tell what first the soft young fields of earth
With earliest parturition had decreed
To raise in air unto the shores of light
And to entrust unto the wayward winds.
In the beginning, earth gave forth, around
The hills and over all the length of plains,
The race of grasses and the shining green;
The flowery meadows sparkled all aglow
With greening colour, and thereafter, lo,
Unto the divers kinds of trees was given
An emulous impulse mightily to shoot,
With a free rein, aloft into the air.
As feathers and hairs and bristles are begot
The first on members of the four-foot breeds
And on the bodies of the strong-y-winged,
Thus then the new Earth first of all put forth
Grasses and shrubs, and afterward begat
The mortal generations, there upsprung-
Innumerable in modes innumerable-
After diverging fashions. For from sky
These breathing-creatures never can have dropped,
Nor the land-dwellers ever have come up
Out of sea-pools of salt. How true remains,
How merited is that adopted name
Of earth- "The Mother!"- since from out the earth
Are all begotten. And even now arise
From out the loams how many living things-
Concreted by the rains and heat of the sun.
Wherefore 'tis less a marvel, if they sprang
In Long Ago more many, and more big,
Matured of those days in the fresh young years
Of earth and ether. First of all, the race
Of the winged ones and parti-coloured birds,
Hatched out in spring-time, left their eggs behind;
As now-a-days in summer tree-crickets
Do leave their shiny husks of own accord,
Seeking their food and living. Then it was
This earth of thine first gave unto the day
The mortal generations; for prevailed
Among the fields abounding hot and wet.
And hence, where any fitting spot was given,
There 'gan to grow womb-cavities, by roots
Affixed to earth. And when in ripened time
The age of the young within (that sought the air
And fled earth's damps) had burst these wombs, O then
Would Nature thither turn the pores of earth
And make her spurt from open veins a juice
Like unto milk; even as a woman now
Is filled, at child-bearing, with the sweet milk,
Because all that swift stream of aliment
Is thither turned unto the mother-breasts.
There earth would furnish to the children food;
Warmth was their swaddling cloth, the grass their bed
Abounding in soft down. Earth's newness then
Would rouse no dour spells of the bitter cold,
Nor extreme heats nor winds of mighty powers-
For all things grow and gather strength through time
In like proportions; and then earth was young.
Wherefore, again, again, how merited
Is that adopted name of Earth- The Mother!-
Since she herself begat the human race,
And at one well-nigh fixed time brought forth
Each breast that ranges raving round about
Upon the mighty mountains and all birds
Aerial with many a varied shape.
But, lo, because her bearing years must end,
She ceased, like to a woman worn by eld.
For lapsing aeons change the nature of
The whole wide world, and all things needs must take
One status after other, nor aught persists
Forever like itself. All things depart;
Nature she changeth all, compelleth all
To transformation. Lo, this moulders down,
A-slack with weary eld, and that, again,
Prospers in glory, issuing from contempt.
In suchwise, then, the lapsing aeons change
The nature of the whole wide world, and earth
Taketh one status after other. And what
She bore of old, she now can bear no longer,
And what she never bore, she can to-day.
In those days also the telluric world
Strove to beget the monsters that upsprung
With their astounding visages and limbs-
The Man-woman- a thing betwixt the twain,
Yet neither, and from either sex remote-
Some gruesome Boggles orphaned of the feet,
Some widowed of the hands, dumb Horrors too
Without a mouth, or blind Ones of no eye,
Or Bulks all shackled by their legs and arms
Cleaving unto the body fore and aft,
Thuswise, that never could they do or go,
Nor shun disaster, nor take the good they would.
And other prodigies and monsters earth
Was then begetting of this sort- in vain,
Since Nature banned with horror their increase,
And powerless were they to reach unto
The coveted flower of fair maturity,
Or to find aliment, or to intertwine
In works of Venus. For we see there must
Concur in life conditions manifold,
If life is ever by begetting life
To forge the generations one by one:
First, foods must be; and, next, a path whereby
The seeds of impregnation in the frame
May ooze, released from the members all;
Last, the possession of those instruments
Whereby the male with female can unite,
The one with other in mutual ravishments.
And in the ages after monsters died,
Perforce there perished many a stock, unable
By propagation to forge a progeny.
For whatsoever creatures thou beholdest
Breathing the breath of life, the same have been
Even from their earliest age preserved alive
By cunning, or by valour, or at least
By speed of foot or wing. And many a stock
Remaineth yet, because of use to man,
And so committed to man's guardianship.
Valour hath saved alive fierce lion-breeds
And many another terrorizing race,
Cunning the foxes, flight the antlered stags.
Light-sleeping dogs with faithful heart in breast,
However, and every kind begot from seed
Of beasts of draft, as, too, the woolly flocks
And horned cattle, all, my Memmius,
Have been committed to guardianship of men.
For anxiously they fled the savage beasts,
And peace they sought and their abundant foods,
Obtained with never labours of their own,
Which we secure to them as fit rewards
For their good service. But those beasts to whom
Nature has granted naught of these same things-
Beasts quite unfit by own free will to thrive
And vain for any service unto us
In thanks for which we should permit their kind
To feed and be in our protection safe-
Those, of a truth, were wont to be exposed,
Enshackled in the gruesome bonds of doom,
As prey and booty for the rest, until
Nature reduced that stock to utter death.
But Centaurs ne'er have been, nor can there be
Creatures of twofold stock and double frame,
Compact of members alien in kind,
Yet formed with equal function, equal force
In every bodily part- a fact thou mayst,
However dull thy wits, well learn from this:
The horse, when his three years have rolled away,
Flowers in his prime of vigour; but the boy
Not so, for oft even then he gropes in sleep
After the milky nipples of the breasts,
An infant still. And later, when at last
The lusty powers of horses and stout limbs,
Now weak through lapsing life, do fail with age,
Lo, only then doth youth with flowering years
Begin for boys, and clothe their ruddy cheeks
With the soft down. So never deem, percase,
That from a man and from the seed of horse,
The beast of draft, can Centaurs be composed
Or e'er exist alive, nor Scyllas be-
The half-fish bodies girdled with mad dogs-
Nor others of this sort, in whom we mark
Members discordant each with each; for ne'er
At one same time they reach their flower of age
Or gain and lose full vigour of their frame,
And never burn with one same lust of love,
And never in their habits they agree,
Nor find the same foods equally delightsome-
Sooth, as one oft may see the bearded goats
Batten upon the hemlock which to man
Is violent poison. Once again, since flame
Is wont to scorch and burn the tawny bulks
Of the great lions as much as other kinds
Of flesh and blood existing in the lands,
How could it be that she, Chimaera lone,
With triple body- fore, a lion she;
And aft, a dragon; and betwixt, a goat-
Might at the mouth from out the body belch
Infuriate flame? Wherefore, the man who feigns
Such beings could have been engendered
When earth was new and the young sky was fresh
(Basing his empty argument on new)
May babble with like reason many whims
Into our ears: he'll say, perhaps, that then
Rivers of gold through every landscape flowed,
That trees were wont with precious stones to flower,
Or that in those far aeons man was born
With such gigantic length and lift of limbs
As to be able, based upon his feet,
Deep oceans to bestride; or with his hands
To whirl the firmament around his head.
For though in earth were many seeds of things
In the old time when this telluric world
First poured the breeds of animals abroad,
Still that is nothing of a sign that then
Such hybrid creatures could have been begot
And limbs of all beasts heterogeneous
Have been together knit; because, indeed,
The divers kinds of grasses and the grains
And the delightsome trees- which even now
Spring up abounding from within the earth-
Can still ne'er be begotten with their stems
Begrafted into one; but each sole thing
Proceeds according to its proper wont
And all conserve their own distinctions based
In Nature's fixed decree.Butchering animal is said to be
the production of meat requires for good health.
Abortion and destruction of
productive power of man
is called family welfare and peace.
Licentious behavior of women, under the control of other
males besides husband, destruction of ethical propriety
is termed as freedom of women.
Moral degradation is named progress,
Beastly behavior is mark of civilization,
Righteousness is communalism.
Reading and writing and talking always
in other than mother-tongue, in foreign language
Contrary to own culture is called as wise and intelligent.pressed against the glass
reflection from down
on the smooth surface
sitting like a cat
transparency turns the animal
into a small beautiful pet
opening the mouth for a miaow
no sound just a gesture
all perceptions have one meaning
without audible silent motion
expanding skin on the lucent wall
expressing the emotion
the dull kitten watched
the opposite side clueless
remaining air suffocated
pussy wanted to break open
filling the glazed space
with fears of demise
the fragile box could hardly resist
the puerile kid jumped out
ruptured into bits of crystalthere once was a crazy animal
that liked to roll in a ball
then one fall
there was a call
for the crazy animal
the call put the crazy animal was apauledI'm writing to you from the loneliest, most
secluded island in the world. I mean,
the farthest away place from anything else.
There are so many fruits here growing on trees
or on vines that wrap and wrap. Fruits
like I've never seen except the bananas.
All night the abandoned dogs howled.
I wonder if one dog gives the first howl, and if
they take turns who's first like carrying
the flag in school. Carrying the flag
way out in front and the others
following along behind in two long lines,
pairs holding hands. Also the roosters here crow
from 4am onward. They're still crowing right now
and it's almost noon here on the island.
Noon stares back no matter where you are.
Today I'm going to hike to the extinct volcano
and balance on the rim of the crater. Yesterday
a gust almost blew me inside. I heard
that the black widows live inside the volcano
far down below in the high grasses that you can't
see from the rim. Well, I was going to tell you
that this morning the bells rang and I
followed them and at the source of the bells,
there I found so many animals
all gathered together in a room
with carved wooden statues
and wooden benches and low wooden slats
for kneeling. And the animals were there
singing together, all their voices singing,
with big strong voices rising from even
the filthiest animals. I mean, I've seen animals
come together and sing before, except in
high fancy vaults where bits of colored glass
are pieced together into stories. Some days
I want to sing with them.
I wish more animals sang together all the time.
But then I can't sing sometimes
because I think of the news that happens
when the animals stop singing.
And then I think of all the medications
and their side effects that are advertised
between the pieces of news. And then I think
of all the money the drug companies spent
to videotape their photogenic, well-groomed animals,
and all the money they spent to buy
a prime-time spot, and I think, what money
buys the news, and what news
creates the drugs, and what
drugs control the animals, and I get so
choked I can't sing anymore, Lonely Animal.
I can't sing with the other animals. Because it's
hard to know what an animal will do when it
stops singing. It's complicated, you know, it's just
complicated—'Do vegetarians eat animal crackers? '
Was what I was asked one day.
It was a man on the street,
And that's all he would say.
My reply to him was,
'I do not know.
But I'll find out for you.
So now I will go.'
So I went to a center,
Where some vegee-heads ate.
And I asked them my question,
With no further delay.
Their answer to me,
Made me laugh close to dead.
'Of course we do silly,
We bite off their heads! 'Dreams I have we can stop animal cruelty.
Dear Lord, please will you grant me a wish that
the perpetrators of cruelty to twelve thousand caged bears in Asia will in the next life be born a bear,
put in a cage for life then drain their bile too from a stomach wound just as they are doing right now!
Thank you Dear God.It is beautiful wish
That finishes
With welfare for people
Who daily struggle
There is no end to desires
Which sometimes misfire?
Catch us on wrong foot
And in misdirection shoot
To wish for all
And give lovely call
It is sign of good soul
That never smells foul
Let us all pray
For comfortable stay
And spend the rest of the journey
With nice feeling of being happy
Let us remain earthly animals
And call for good human
It is need of an hour
As this one is holy tourThey walk like a majestic, behave like gentle animals
Elephants are known as the biggest mammal on earth
Let it be cultural or any other ceremonies they continue to
play their common role in them.
Raise their trunk for trumpet
Weg their tail and ears to chase flies and squirt water
These gentle giants that tread the earth.
Always like to wallow in the mud and love to
immerse themselves in the water for long hours
They show great affection for one another and
take care of their young ones very dearly
Not only they are sensitive animals by nature
but also have a great memory
Although, they are useful to human in many ways
but also they are killed for their priceless tusks.
They are great animals in the jungle and parade like a majestic.We are surely fool animal
If can't sense the downfall's arrival
Even insects and birds sense the danger
Why should we commit something in anger?
We can't resort to follow dangerous way
Addiction, if you consider, is all the way driving you away
From real life to that of artificial thinking
In fact taking you at the bottom and sinking
Consumption of alcohol can be legal
Some of its consequences may be illegal
Anything taken in excess is bad
That increases frustration and makes you sad
Inner consciousness is real reflection
That shall never allow you to for bad action
But since you are made slave of desires
Nothing good can be accepted by you to admire
It is wrong to assume about the winner
The chances of coming out it becomes thinner
It may certainly kill you from within
What will then be loss or gain?
It is time pass for pleasure
Certain quantities are allowed for sure
If you can control and drive your desires
Nothing may go into flames or on fire
Keep it to self and master the art
You are the person to have good start
Be not at its mercy and succumb
It may otherwise make you to jump
The day may end with tragic death
People may lament death and lay the wreath
For few days you may be remembered
Rest all may be the days to follow and numberedA passion which refused to ache,
I found her shadow,
with all of its colors,
beneath my pillow.
A kiss made of memory,
a breath five decades long,
a distant stain upon the stars.
She is slowly becoming translucent.
Soon, she will be transparent.
This is no accident.
Eventually, we all disappear.
Please see her as
she truly is:
full of light
and illusion, like
an uncut diamond.
Her magical self
carries the knowledge
that death is not an injury.
She is the pause, the gasp,
the moment of wonder
between one incarnation
and the next.animal joy
freedom from
all guiltsAll the animals
trundle by
on a conveyor belt.
Adam feels
like a contestant
on a T.V.
Quiz Show.
Can get to keep
the things he names
there's heaps & heaps.
God beams
like he's Noel Edmonds.
Adam's nervous
sweats under the T.V. lights.
'Eh...bog...cog...eh...log
no.. .doy...yes...dog! '
'Yes...that's it! '
And so we barely get
man's best friend.
'That! ' Adam points at cat
and God(being hard of hearing)
gives him that.
Adam really messes up
when it gets to Pegasus, centaur,
unicorn and dragon.
*******
WHAT'S IN A NAME?
Adam laughs
when he sees his first giraffe.
Couldn't think
of a proper name
for
it.
'Go on...come on! '
God prods and prompts.
But all Adam
can do
is laugh...&...laugh.
So between them
they name it
Gir affe
meaning that
which makes one
laugh.How shall my animal
Whose wizard shape I trace in the cavernous skull,
Vessel of abscesses and exultation's shell,
Endure burial under the spelling wall,
The invoked, shrouding veil at the cap of the face,
Who should be furious,
Drunk as a vineyard snail, flailed like an octopus,
Roaring, crawling, quarrel
With the outside weathers,
The natural circle of the discovered skies
Draw down to its weird eyes?
How shall it magnetize,
Towards the studded male in a bent, midnight blaze
That melts the lionhead's heel and horseshoe of the heart
A brute land in the cool top of the country days
To trot with a loud mate the haybeds of a mile,
Love and labour and kill
In quick, sweet, cruel light till the locked ground sprout
The black, burst sea rejoice,
The bowels turn turtle,
Claw of the crabbed veins squeeze from each red particle
The parched and raging voice?
Fishermen of mermen
Creep and harp on the tide, sinking their charmed, bent pin
With bridebait of gold bread, I with a living skein,
Tongue and ear in the thread, angle the temple-bound
Curl-locked and animal cavepools of spells and bone,
Trace out a tentacle,
Nailed with an open eye, in the bowl of wounds and weed
To clasp my fury on ground
And clap its great blood down;
Never shall beast be born to atlas the few seas
Or poise the day on a horn.
Sigh long, clay cold, lie shorn,
Cast high, stunned on gilled stone; sly scissors ground in frost
Clack through the thicket of strength, love hewn in pillars drops
With carved bird, saint, and suns the wrackspiked maiden mouth
Lops, as a bush plumed with flames, the rant of the fierce eye,
Clips short the gesture of breath.
Die in red feathers when the flying heaven's cut,
And roll with the knocked earth:
Lie dry, rest robbed, my beast.
You have kicked from a dark den, leaped up the whinnying light,
And dug your grave in my breast.Animal is seen for animal
But human is for unknown
I ask you don't respond.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 31 October,2017My children planned a visit to a zoo,
They invited me, I replied with a shoo,
I already have a zoo inside, within me,
I cannot show and you cannot see.
All the animals are present in a man,
You can see them with an honest scan.
Both for the friends and their enemies,
They have long, very long memories.
Like funny camels, like large elephants,
Whether old or youths or innocent infants.
They often behave like a beast so wild,
They don't hesitate to abuse a child.
For many centuries they've been killing fellow men,
They have misused their sword and their pen,
Most of their killings were in His religion and name,
Man was never shy of this bloody game.
Men cast their thinking in a too old mold.
Those adventurists seeking silver and gold,
Left footprints of animals in fact,
I see in the prints many criminals in fact.
On the other hand like birds they twit,
Under blue moons are lovely and sweet,
Loyal and faithful like horses and dogs,
Swim and jump just like the frogs,
Entertain the children like a dolphin or a monkey,
Before pretty women they flirt like a donkey,
Like a peacock they dance in a hall,
Like a sweet cuckoo, girlfriends they call.
They are handsome when they love fellow men,
Praise them with their words and use their pen.
I don't need to watch a zoo,
I am a man but an animal too.Few things rules the world,
And all are, almost all are very keen to it,
Like removing the clothes; bit by bit,
Kiss- killing is so simple-
It is hiss,
Closed door love if unveiled,
Sex is a sonnet if made it an Ode,
Make a painting with molten wax,
That must symbolize sex,
Running sexual commentary is attention getter,
Let all the secrets must be opened,
Charm of sex will run away,
There will be no rape,
There will be no molestation,
No teasing on sexual basis,
Let us write -
All known secrets—
What harm in it?
Let human be animal-
I know animal instinct is still alive
©2014 Aftab Alam Khursheed. All rights reservedPoets are imagery animals
Wait for thoughts arrival
Think a lot and then write
Use head more to ignite
Thoughts are burnt
Wish ashes to turn
Into new form to upraise
The status to be up and praised
But normally they are quiet
Allow things to let
Down at low level
With proper time to excel
Now millions come up like flowers
Even without rainy showers
They are product of fast age
Not much to impress with each page
One in million stars is praised
Taken to recognition and believed
Poets are known as star family
Twinkle little in their own capacity
Not all may be able to speak with authority
Some may define imagery love and some may praise almighty
Some may put with all the times to remember and some with variety
It is all about poets tenure and may not be remembered like deity
It is their job to create pure imagination
Sometimes to be painted with correct relation
Not all the incidences pure images
Some ideas are meant to take out souls from the cages
It is reasonable stand to expose
To be known as poet and pose
With whatever capacity and thrust
The poet's position is commendable and is must2)  In animal durbar aliens' teeter-tottering on dandle board in the middle sat some rats and jumping cats unsure of anything tried to jump in both ways but the result is they stayed at the same in the theatre of absurd, really buffoons! Abracadabra!  Politico-clowns wore psycho gowns in their hands, magic wands ready to offer some sops to the both dwellers of pandemonium and harmonium: Sponsoring free tickets to all galaxies with a bonus ambrosia, lifetime guarantee - arrangements meeting with aliens, robot slaves, free WiFi www connections even in hamlets,1 kg gold, to kids, some toys: cycles, cars, elephants, sickle, fans, etc. Special offers to little boys teddy bears with hands; to little girls supplying lotus flowers 24/7 are only few to name: Mania, mania, election mania election shouted modern soothsayers in hallucination.
Fisherman bought fishing net, put some bait to catch a fish sang fisher man waving his hands to his sweethearts; oh sorry they are just his voters. Holy-moly In the animal durbar, playing chess teeter-tottered aliens on the dandle board, in the middle meddled so dumping rats and jumping cats on either side but unsure of anything jumped in both ways but the result is stayed at the same place in the theatre of absurd, oh real buffoons!
Rattrap peddler, just a meddler bought a trap, added some cheese crop and dropped to trap some special rats: "on my shirt, on my sleeves, in my pockets and in my collar are my lovers, only just lotus flowers, April fool in the election school! Abracadabra!  Politico-clowns wore psycho gowns in their hands, magic wands ready to offer some sops to the both dwellers of pandemonium and harmonium: Sponsoring free tickets to all galaxies with a bonus ambrosia, lifetime guarantee - arrangements meeting with aliens, robot slaves, free WiFi www connections even in hamlets and 1 kg gold -
to kids, some toys: cycles, cars, elephants, sickle, fans, etc. Special offers to little boys teddy bears with 3 hands; to little girls supplying lotus flowers 24/7 are only few to name - sang Holly hock, holy cow, holy man, holy you and holy me and chanted modern soothsayers in hallucination: Mania, mania, election mania election!Intelligent animal
Monday,4th May 2020
You could have been dog, cat or rat
but you were set
for noble mission
with the human creation
so special
and intelligent animal
who was given third sense to control
the rage, hate and prevent fall
universally considered as wild animal
but has enough of an opportunities to prove as good individual
full life to emerge as noble man
and prove as capable human beings
show your worth
and dare the death
with full faith
to have an easy and free breathe
you are born free
so don't flee
from the responsibilities
and shut the possibilities
life must be over
but after providing full cover
to expand the vast horizon
and make the life mission fully shown
Hasmukh MehtaBehind the smooth texture
Of my eyes, way inside me,
A part of me has died:
I move my bloody fingernails
Across it, hard as a blackboard,
Run my fingers along it,
The chalk white scars
That say I AM SCARED,
Scared of what might become
Of me, the real me,
Behind these prison walls.It’s not MY idea for a poem title, but
my wife’s, whose got me in a bridal bridle.
She’s lived with an animal before, but
NOW, in ME, she’s got near-a-score!
A score of animals, like in a zoo;
I’m more of an animal than she or you.
It’s true, I really AM a True-human, .....but
animal traits in me are always bloomin’.
I’ve got a gorilla-sized head on my shoulders;
elephant-like hairs are on my broad back;
sometimes I smell nearly like a skunk;
like a penguin, in my feet, heat I lack.
I drink liquids like a humped-camel;
I eat like a pig at his last meal;
I pick scraps of meat from bones like a vulture;
like a lion, I lick my plate.  NO lie. That's for real!
I jump like a rabbit when suddenly startled;
up a tree like a squirrel, I can climb;
I walk like a monkey (or so my wife says):
I sleep like a bear-in-winter....., “OVERtime”.
I hear like an owl.  [well, this one’s a lie.];
when I howl like a wolf, my wife would like to bury (me):
at some movies I laugh like a crazy hyena;
I belch like a bison, long gone from the prairie.
I’m nearly as proud as a peacock.  Why not? I ask.
But I’m slow as a turtle at some chores I do.
At times I’m stubborn as a mule or wild ass,
but at times loving as a lovebird; this last is (ALMOST)  true.
(Feb.2013; revised July ’13)Man, and animal
Confused, can't take a side
-like forward in football
-who shoots but is offside.
I have lived a long life
-have had, seen animals
-hugged, fed them as my dolls
-and for them have cried…
But also ate the meat
-of chicken, lambs, llamas
-as well as fish and cows.
My clothes from wool
-of skin have worn shoes.
How can I ever judge?
How can I be the right?
But questions I can have:
- "What should be relations
-with them as one and all? "
The Natives caught one and
-shared it; were satisfied.
Came Europe with the gun
-destroyed the wildlife
-said: "We are civilized! "
Others were savages! ! !
Now butchers, restaurants
-kill in mass, make kebab
-from pig, lamb, and cows
-but praise the pet dogs
-as was once, horse to ride.
Don't trust the mankind
-mostly if civilized…
- "He is most brutal! "MAN AND ANIMAL
Animal,
hunts,
To quench his thirst and hunger,
On the other hand,
Man hunts,
For amusement after driving away the hunger,
Animal never runs in the materialistic race,
One race never kills another,
But man kills manNeither a part of the teeming herds
nor a rebel without cause,
Not one who is driven solely by ego,
the need to slay others in insecure wars.
There's a new animal in the jungle,
A different sub-species of human,
Forged from fires of love, compassion & courage,
with purpose being the best & noblest in us to champion
He sees the pain, feels the sadness,
that permeates post modernity,
self-obsessed, prepossessing drive,
that's disguised as individuality.
This new animal's in the jungle,
Well-connected & concerned is he,
He seeks the best in himself,
to strive for the best of all humanity.
He is not indifferent
to negativity or sufferings,
Nor has he renounced this world,
Fed up of all material things,
This new animal rejoices in the jungle,
Leaps out of despair,
Born afresh as spirit, divinity,
Spurred by ambition & desire,
He is of great heart & vitality.
Swift as a tiger,
Like a lion, is he strong,
Freed from self-imposed shackles,
None external can do him wrong.
With a mighty roar, signals his arrival,
Of courage & conviction, there is no dearth.
This new animal's primed to take on,
Everything on this Earth.O Love, dark animal,
With your strangeness go
Like any freak or clown:
Appease tee child in her
Because she is alone
Many years ago
Terrified by a look
Which was not meant for her.
Brush your heavy fur
Against her, long and slow
Stare at her like a book,
Her interests being such
No one can look too much.
Tell her how you know
Nothing can be taken
Which has not been given:
For you time is forgiven:
Informed by hell and heaven
You are not mistakenHave you ever heard of a sheep-
that was a police officer?
arresting a lone wolf
for committing a murder
have you ever heard of a cow
that was a judge?
sentencing a pig
for stealing chocolate fudge
have you ever heard of an eagle-
that was a president?
flying above his subjects
watching over his residents
have you ever heard of a lion-
that was a wise king?
sitting on his majestic throne
looking after his surroundings
have you ever heard of a gorilla-
that was a government official?
serving for the common order
of the animal kingdom
have you ever heard of a monkey-
that was a published author?
writting in the news column
about this prevailing disorder
i've never seen any of that
thats why i say theres no order-
in the animal world,
and yet
they seem to have more order
than us humans...
ironic reallyMy dear Monsieur,
Which party,
Do you party with?
I fear it is all
You have done.
Party and rumble.
Your brain has slipped
From your pocket,
And your politics
Are long forgotten,
Sitting in a wine glass.Some people say man is social animal
He has to act liberal and mix with people
He may be guided by some belief
As it may be providing some relief
The religion is separate thing
It is personal like thing
One should never discuss it in public
Whether idols, special items are called relic
Human mind has escape route
He may kill person or shoot
Yet he may bow down before god
And repent for whatever good or bad
It gives some solace
Person should bear no double face
It gives cruel impression of being bad
The face lines are easily read
So think whatever you feel like
But never express openly your dislike
It angers another person for harsh words
Even raising stick in air frightens the birds
The love is universal
It can not find immediate dismissal
It is reciprocated with equal zeal
As it speaks of good and senses realThere lived a girl called Lovina,
Whose animal-love was great;
Tall, she was and so much lean, ah!
She sang songs for a treat.
She had a sister, with whom she fought,
Right from her child-hood days!
Both were aged, a year’s diff’rence;
And so they fight-her mother says.
She did her home-work, in a short time,
Dreamt while her mother cooks!
In argument, she was so good,
And loved to read animal-books.
Once there fell down, a small Squirrel,
As she stood ‘neath a Mango-tree;
She laid it gently in a box,
The Squirrel-babe was no more free!
She fed the Squirrel, fruit and nut,
And lullabied it to a sleep;
The baby Squirrel loved her much,
Their friendship grew so deep.
She sang to it and fondled it,
And talked to it whenever free;
She kept it cosy, neat and clean;
Her holidays, went off in glee!
One day, the Squirrel fell so ill;
Perhaps, it thought of its mother!
So, you must set the Squirrel free;
Her doctor-uncle advised her.
With Squirrel ill, her heart  turned sad,
Poor Lovina, could not sleep well;
For long, she kept awake and cried;
Was the Squirrel ill ‘cause it fell?
The poor girl prayed, all night and day;
She prayed to God to make it well;
And wished, she could become a fay!
Her life now seemed to look like hell!
She kissed her Squirrel, one more time;
Her Uncle let it up a tree;
The Squirrel squeaked and wagged its tail;
And jumped with joy, away, afree!
Lovina too now wept with joy;
Her pet-Squirrel seemed quite alright!
Her heart leapt like the Squirrel, Boy!
Her Uncle’s words were quite correct.
But Lovina missed her Squirrel;
She visited the Mango-tree;
She hopes to meet her pet some day,
Her friend, never turned up to see!
Ye love your God through animals!
Ye love thy sister first, then else;
Man hath a soul, animals don’t,
“Love thy neighbour, ”the Poet tells!
specially dedicated to my neice Rubina, an animal-lover herself, a true incident in her life!Blizzards, wildfires, Tsunamis and hurricanes caused no trauma
Nor earthquakes & erupted volcanoes did any catostopic drama
Bam, boom, bang, humanbomb blasted in a jungle causing death
With shuddering, trembling & tearing as a misery struck
Horrible horror, terrible terror, mass violence spread, yuck!
Unleashing death, havoc, riots, & unrest in the absolute mayhem
Amphigory, focus-refocus-defocus on the animal farm: an allegory!
Mountains of debris, seas of smoke, dust & rust burst over them
The harmless animals - ducks, chicks, goats're perplexed, o man!
Running, rushing, shouting, yelling, and fainting, they began
Watching at the heap of torn bodies, they forgot to take breath
Wars, massacres, and all forms of evil activities took place
Bullies, rowdies, ruffians, and hooligans ruled without grace
Amphigory, focus-refocus-defocus on the animal farm: an allegory!
Committed crimes, passed the buck on others with an attack
Mistreating, abusing, plotting made them hard nuts to crack
Conflicts on complex matters divided animals into entangled boughs
Corruption, injustice, rottenness and bloodshed are common shows
Virtues buried down in the sea and vices rose up to the sky
Barbarism and terrorism inflicted on them, oh it's not a lie
The poor animals lost peace & morals that ruled for centuries
All are caught in chains of iron rules enforced by all countries.
Amphigory, focus-refocus-defocus on the animal farm; an allegory!
Ferocious animals ran roughshod with bioweapons in Dragon-woods
Chancing to pounce on the lesser animals of neighboring woods
With veto power: Animalia, pigs violated rules in the pigtatorship
nursing venom in their bosom, commited monstrous harms with a whip
They know how to cook goose, take booze, kick those everywhere
And when and how to cast invisible nets to catch fish with a snare.
Amphigory, focus-refocus-defocus on the animal farm: an allegory!
Two small goats were quarreling in another animal farm for toys
Some hyenas of powerful forest rushed to spot rising noise
For their howling at high pitch, bleating became unheard song mime
Bovines, bisons, hippos & rhinos joined the feast with a cruel rhyme
Sheep, cattle, cat, deer & hare with tears ran out of the farm
Mass struggles, class clashes, dreadful ruckus ruled in the same farm
Amphigory, focus-refocus-defocus on the animal farm: an allegory!
With the sudden demise of Napoleon: the pigtator, beasts cheered
Camels, zebras, dogs, monkeys, donkeys & ordinary ones reappeared
In ensuing battle for power, brutal lions emerged victorious
Shared power with wild boars, bears, chetahs & foxes atrocious
By defeating all farms, the bestial rules: animalia, are imposed
Ration's cut, spirit is crushed and to danger, beasts are exposed.
Amphigory, focus-refocus-defocus on the animal farm: an allegory!Soon we got the answer.
Unable to find a man or animal
The king entered the forests
Where only sages lived.
To our ashram came the king
With his full retinue in attendance
Father did not break his silence
Mother fainted in his arms.
Asked the king, 'you have three sons
All bearing the sacred marks
Written in the holy scriptures
that qualify them as yajnapasu.
Sell me one; exchange for a thousand cows
For the land will perish otherwise
I will be obliged to you for ever
And you shall earn a place in the heavens.'
In full tears father said, 'I have
No sons to sell, even if it were
For sacrifice In the altar of Gods
My heaven is where my family is.'
But king and his sages preached
Of his duty to the king and Gods
But nobody dared to ask, 'what about Your son,
O king, is he not suited for the sacrifice? '
Finally father said, 'my elder son
Is dear to me, whom I shall not sell'
Mother, provoked, spoke 'so is Sunaka
The youngest one, to me, shall not be sold.
........That left me, the middle one.
I spoke, 'When in fear of danger, child
Looks for protection from parents.
When they disown, the king shall protect him.
Now, disowned by all, whom shall I appeal to? '
........I did not want to die.Let God turn his merciful eyes
To make successful our tries
We shall always thank for mercy
From heart and shall not act dirty
It is difficult to transform
As weaknesses are inborn
We take birth with jealousy
Always look around for luxury
Influential and rich people
Face no difficulty or trouble
The children are brought up with care
Poor children stay neglected as they are
He is there to look after
Pardon any sin that is often practiced here
Make path smooth even for sinner
He is always here to offer
We are thankless animal
Always claim pardon with easy dismissal
We get unnatural happiness from fruitless drive
Keep no pure aim to sustain and survive
Still at an end time
We openly opine
Curse for wrong done in past
Pray for reprieve at the lastI.
Those human beings
who remain connected
to their inner animal:
loving it, nurturing it, freeing it
in the heart of Nature,
they are becoming less animal
and more humane;
Those who suppress the animal:
neglecting it, keeping it sleeping,
when it awakes, the human being
becomes a monster.
II.
Some can perceive with different eyes,
for they are not connected to
the power of biological love:
supremely imposed upon us—
to survive!
Survive, and perish
with not enough knowledge
of our reason for existence:
too short is the human life-span,
too limited are our senses
to comprehend
an ancient Universe!Is it legal for me
To call myself an animal?
Whilst human is what I try to be
For the animal in me
Is transparent to see
If I get scared I plea or flee
Sometimes I show bravery like a lion
With nerves of steel made of iron
Sometimes I give off a scent
In the heat of the moment
As a woman I have my season
When you can capture me on the heat
Till today, I do not understand the reason
Why I hunt then, like an animal hunting for its meat
The animal in me is confused
The human in me is amused
Is it legal for me
To call myself an animal?
Without being a cannibal
I know my right from wrong
Taught by my guardians tongue
But even an animal knows where it belongs
Whilst trained with the right punishment song
The fact is actual
I am an animal
Being human is my identity
While the only difference of reality;
Is the language! Ah ha! The language!
The language in which we all engage
Copyright 2006 - Sylvia ChidiThe world which was once beautiful,
Is now a dark blank scary place,
The memories which were treasured as life giving,
Are now haunting ghosts of the past,
Pushing me to sleepless nights.
Every day and  every moment,
I spent with you,
Are carved in my heart.
You said time will heal everything,
But it seems to carve those memories deeper.
Those eyes which were filled with love once,
Are now filled with hatred,
Since they saw that animal,
Which lurks within meThe Animal Planet
May 3, 2020
The animal planet
Wonderfully
Creator has created
Everywhere rightly
Things are set.Thunder roars in the distance
His sense of loneliness deepens
He wishes he could feel emotion
But Animal knows only instinct
He senses the approaching storm
And with it, the wrath of God
The animal tries to escape from his fury
But instead
Is consumed in his own living hell
The Animal cannot stop
The rampage
It tries to survive
But cannot
It wants to end its hunger
But cannot catch its prey
It tries for love
But feels none
The clouds start to swell
With the sorrow of a thousand tears
She cries
She feels the mist in her heart
The ground at her feet
Her beauty is unmatched
But it will not save her
She turns around
And sees the storm coming
She knows she cannot escape her destiny
For she is destiny's child
The clouds roll over her
They embrace her
Consume her
From the darkness of the storm
The animal appears before her
And like the sun in all its fiery fury
He pulls her into the storm
Hoping to end the hunger
That consumes him
Into the darkness they go
Forevermore
They sink lower and lower
Forevermore
To the darkest region of the abyss
Forevermore
Into the heart of the storm
Forevermore
Their fates collide
Nevermore
The animal consumes her in his wrath
Sorrow meets with anger
She becomes part of the creature
Neither living, nor dying
The animal knows by instinct
The storm is almost over
He knows and embraces it
Lightning flares in the sky
As the Animal begins to die
A new life is created in the heavens
Dampening the wrath of God
The Animal senses his own destruction
And finally starts to feel her emotion
Her sorrow and his anger fuse
The beast beats upon the storm
Backing anger into a corner
The Animal beats upon the storm
And starts to fade
The creature beats upon the storm
And the clouds shatter into rain
The boy and her soul within beat upon
The last remaining tendrils of the storm
And reveal to the world
A light brighter than the fury of
"The Animal"There is an animal, with ferocious
Eyes, tamed and beautiful;
Sturdy hands filled with strength
The body of a predator skilled
Yet he hides it, a mask,
Covers him and his instinct.
To let him mingle with the rest,
For the others are different than he
The dark animal is none other but me.
The feel to commit what is wrong
Burns with passion inside the brute.
Steal and kill and hurt and fulfill,
The condemned thirst.
The wrong is always right it thinks
What's the harm in wrong doing?
As long as it doesn't kill you
Be the brute, it tells you.
The dark animal is none other but me.
Ah! What lust for blood and bones?
To grind and ravish and consume,
The bones and blood of the one
Who is mine. To conquer and
Dominate and protect
Like an animal but I am a man?
Yet the instinct lives and grows,
To find the one who will be only mine.
The dark animal is none other but me.
I loose myself to the animal at times
And doom embraces me all the while,
Is there no one who can save me?
No, the animal laughs menacingly
I am done with my life
I do not want to live with the wildness inside of me
The gun points towards me
Yet I manage to survive
For I am too scared for my life.
It is precious to the animal
Equally treasured by me.
The dark animal is none other but me.
I try hard to control my beast,
Which craves to hurt and to kill,
The unjust, the cruel and the innocent!
At times for fun, at times to punish.
It bathes in the cries of the tortured,
And smiles when he sees their anguished faces.
It moves my limbs without my control,
And the next second, I'm me staring
At a face unknown, I try hard to win against.
The dark animal is none other but me.
The animal does not diminish
But grows and slowly I am disappearing.
I fight and fight but he is unnaturally strong
I cannot remove it, cannot throw it,
It is a part of me, which is right at times
And wrong too. I make agreements
With this beast to act when I want it to,
The altering animal is none other but me.
I work, I fight, I control, I rule
The animal lives inside me.
I have tamed the animal a little
The lust for blood and bones remain,
The mask hides his true nature,
The urge to kill has lessened,
A sense of morality is infested.
The animal is becoming into me
My part coming back to me.
The restrained animal is none other but me.I’m the only elephant in Phnomh Penh
No more of my kind you’ll see
My wife ran off from the killing fields
She’s an animal refugee
I’m a Mekong crocodile from Vietnam
When the napalm scorched each tree
I swam to Laos at dead of night
I’m an animal refugee
I’m a slithery snake from Angkor Wat
Where the mountains churned the sea
Now tourists squat in my habitat
I’m an animal refugee
When people’s homes are ripped apart
There’s appeals on world TV
No one saves us. There’s little fuss
For an animal refugee.No earthquake, no thunder, no volcanic eruption
Or even there was not any of other natural calamities,
A sudden loud sound broke out all through the bush
With whizzing, shuddering, cracking, tearing, echoing,
Fear, horror, dark, terror, misery and ill spirits spread
Committing destruction, death in a horrible situation,
Dust, dirt, smoke coiled over the whole atmosphere
The harmless animals are quite perplexed, helpless
They began crying, shouting, running, rushing, fainting
Seeing reddish spots and innumerable torn bodies.
They blamed one another for committing the crime,
Brawling, harming, plotting hardened in them,
A long conflict complicated and awful tangled
Loosing the worms of crime, injustice and corruption;
The virtues sunk and the vices rose everywhere
Envious state of barbarism, terrorism inflicted on them;
The poor animals lost peace and principles they had
Centuries curses engulfed all what was out of thought.
Ferocious animals are in the neighboring big forest
Who always wait for chances on the helpless ones;
They do not care for hesitating in violating terms
Committing all sorts of hyenas and monstrous harms;
They know how and when to cook poisonous broth
And how to throw an unseen net to catch the rest.
Once some cats were quarrelling nearby the bush
Some wild dogs of the big forest made an instant rush,
For repeated barking mewing was beyond of hearing
Foxes and monkeys also joined within a quick haste
Crows, kites and vultures started crowing for the feast
What more, rats and mice left the bush being frightened
Dreadful tumult, commotion, collision, conflict took place
At the arrival of buffalos, deer, bears, wolfs and hyenas;
But with sudden and unexpected appearance of
Jaguars, lions, tigers and some bears' rejoining to them
Returning from the herd of small and weak beasts
Consisting boars, wolfs, hyenas, wild pigs and dogs,
Though wolfs and hyenas started loudly barking
But came to no use and got chased, retreated soon,
All the surroundings became instant silent and isolated,
All went away murmuring without more looking back.
The victorious were excited having got all easy victory,
But they found troubles to enjoy the whole empire lonely,
So there were roaring, shouting, blustering, threatening
Of occupying empire, power, lordship and over lordship,
Finally, all the bestial rules with ‘Might is right' were
Established in rules and regulations less animal state.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 6 October, 2016Here goes the tale
A man went to jungle
Unzipped and started to pee
Animals came and saw with glee
And wonder! Why he cut off the tail
Though he never threw the beast and remained an animal!The Bloodthirsty More Than Ferocious Animal (Haiku Poetry)
January 28, 2020
▌
The bloodthirsty are
Sucking blood of human through,
Killing, massacring.
▌▌
They are ferocious
Lions, tigers, bears, hyenas
Blood sucking they go.
▌▌▌
They are always so!
Suck blood and laugh ho, ho, ho
Humans tremble, oh!Like the easily startled deer,
A horse is prone to fear.
Millennia of being prey,
Has built an instinct to run away.
I'm sure you can understand,
That courage and fear go hand in hand.
In 2011, Tonk the stallion,
Was worthy of a medallion.
He ignored the call to flight,
And chose to stay and fight,
When a 700 pound grizzly bear,
Appeared out of thin air,
And chased an 8 year old boy,
His father's pride and joy.
Tonk's rider was Erin Bolster,
She had no weapon or holster.
Her last name means 'to support',
But you never would have thought,
She'd look the bear in the eye,
And let out a valiant cry,
"I'll not stand by,
And watch this boy die! "
Now Tonk was 18 hands in height,
An angel dressed in white.
He chose to stay and fight,
When other horses took flight.
Three times this brave pair,
Charged headlong at the bear,
Staring into his fearsome face,
Until at last he left the place.
Afterwards Tonk could not stop shaking,
He'd been so close to breaking.
Those scary looking jaws,
And mighty sharp claws,
Had made him so upset,
His coat was drenched with sweat.
So the bravest animal I know,
Is similar to a nervous doe,
It's a white Percheron draft horse,
Called Tonk of course!
David Letterman let the world know,
When our heroes appeared on his show.
This gentle giant made so many smile,
And forget their worries for quite a while.we are never
quite immediately aware of what we know
deep in our bones and consciousness
it creeps slowly into little clues
details that finally come to mind and in the considering
of the jigsaw puzzle
premonitions that had escaped us but now
reveal their colors in the borders of
the whole image how we languish
between them and when the truth arrives with us
clutching at the falsehoods in the trick
routes of the mind not knowing that
a falseness can just as soon in another
light can seem to be the truth
but with all the frazzling of nerves and worry
and dementia and discontent one should
realize it is a waste of time deciding what
is true and not although with most
thinking beings it is not possible to escape that
we do so love to worry about ourselves
scared stiff at being outwitted being
laughed at for being such quickly gentle fools
of our imagination
and the fantasies we fill our empty lives with
even my laughter scares me sometimes like
it emanates from some deep euphoric cave
some ancient time complete with mythical dragons
meanwhile desertwise
like a cloud the camel floatsAnimals don't lie,
So Why should we?
'Because we're very Sly,
And want everything for Free!
Conclusion,
Always fooling others,
Does not make us better brothers.The nocturnal animal who feels alright to move
Into the middle of nowhere,
Underneath the bridge, the canal the cradle
For the lost bicycle—
As words ship out for other loves,
As I think about drinking again—Florida rum
In the sunlight of this new cold front—
My pregnant wife wants to sleep,
Like a fairy in the forest—
As I dream of a muse that doesn't exist—
My emotions becoming lost
In the cantankerous graveyards that look like
The rest of my relatives—
Until the simple thoughts beckon and all at once
Nothing has to be given or taken anymore.To Whom …..at US Postal Service …….it may concern:
At a board meeting I was recently troubled to learn …..
that you've gotten credit for creating 'Snail Mail'.
Please cease and desist, …..'or else'……, without fail!
Your carriers are much larger than those we've got,
but to claim YOU created Snail Mail is a dirty shot ……at ….
our employees of the USSPS, human sir or human madam.
Why, we've been in the delivery service MUCH longer. Since Adam!
[USSPS is, of course, the United Snail and Slug Postal Service.]
Yes, we snails DO know about your Bible garden story.
One of our scholars read the book. [Some parts were gory.]
She, the scholar, munched her way from cover to cover,
and that night, in a dream, she claims she did discover …..
that she remembered each word!
You have trucks, and planes for Express mail shipment.
We snails have no such fancy and expensive equipment,
but WE deliver 365 days a year, to be sure, rain OR shine.
We deliver to high peaks and the bottom of at least one mine.
Oh, yes, we have perfected the REAL Snail Mail!
We may be slow, but our carriers RARELY do fail ……..
to deliver! !
And (with birds and snakes wanting a snack)  that's no small feat.
WE created THE real Snail Mail. That I WILL repeat:
WE DID IT FIRST, and the name belongs to USSPS. Yes, US!
NOT USPS, but US, the snails and slugs! ! There need be no fuss......
…….about this little misunderstanding. BUT I caution you:
We've outstanding staff attorneys, and......… NOT JUST A FEW!
Sincerely,
Slippery Sam Slug
Chief Legal Counsel
United Snail and Slug Postal Service
(December 14,  2015)In order to make creation right,
in the beginning God said:
"Let there be light."
He said it like a man.
He didn't think it like a dog.
An animal that can speak is God-like.
The name of that animal is man.Why won't the acclaimedly intelligent beings of the animal world,
Called the humans,
Eventually understand the language of their fellow creatures?
What for example the message of two cute icebears were,
Who, amidst the dreadful melting away,
From underneath their bear feet, of
Their ice-shaped habitat on the Polar Cap,
Experienced already for over two generations,
Took to such great pains as to
Embarking on a hazardous
Kind of last-chance kamikaze trip of
Hundreds of kilometers,
Partially swimming, partially afloat
Atop drifting ice blocks,
All the way from Greenland to Iceland:
'It is you, you presumptive two-legged lords on the planet,
None else but
You,
With these magic mirrors of your killer-blink-eye hanging
Around your proud necks,
Who art guilty of the reckless diminishing of
Our home in the polar ice!
Since you are ultimately bound for extinguishing us altogether:
Shorten this painful life now,
Shoot, if you can, now! '!
People's lives are led in this magic mix of our world,
So you say,
By intuitions from consequences
We choose to involuntarily take part in,
And you say,
For a major part
People's lives are led
By all these fair & unfair provisions of Providence
We inevitably take shares in,
And by intimidations and by acts of aggression for self-maintenance,
So you say, our lives are led, too.
I once asked a modern Socrates about this thing,
One bald-headed bold-hatted clear-minded thinker
With a prickly animal instinct in his head -
One also you might have met already once
In a tiny far away forest ville.
He remarked to my questions:
'But where is the will of the animal in this concept? '
Well, well  well, I said, and am pondering now:
'What makes any whale suffer to go back up the Thames again, after a lapse of 92 turns of the sun? '
I now feel the winds of the will in modern scientific man
When he spreads
'The life of a whale wistfully straying in people's waterways
Must be that of one misled! '
And this is a true story about
A baffling co-operation of
Three wild elephants in a remote
Village in India.
Whatever their reasons for doing that,
This is what they've done:
After nightfall, when all the villagers
Were already in their houses,
The Elephants marched up to the house of the wealthiest
Family of the village,
One of them posting itself at the main door,
The other at the back door,
While their third colleague stomped right
Through the door into the house,
To be then,
To the total bewilderment of the onlooking family members,
Raiding the house's food supply, carrying off
Sacks of rice along with vegetables,
Without but having hurt anyone of the family,
But having made sure
That none of them could have
Fled from that scene of terror,
Most probably an act of vengeance
On part of the animals
For being terrorized by the locals themselves,
Such as by denuding their forests.The animals in the zoo must be taken care of,
but the Zoo Director who does it is not an animal.
He's studied the ideal diet of every species,
but he doesn't dine on hay or raw, red meat.
The animals roar or pace all day in their cages.
He too stays at the zoo, in his office,
but he has the run of the compound,
and at night goes home.To sum up all, I'm old -- and that's
A fact the years decide;
It is a common thing with cats
And not a thing to hide.
But to feel what it is -- how kind
How true to love and law
For this you must be quite resigned
And not avoid its paw.
It does not come as reckless foe
A shrinking prey to take,
But with soft footstep that we know
By comfort in its wake.
Though it spoils something -- that is true,
Which we must learn to lack
And takes alike from me and you
What never does come back.
It caters for our failing strength
In many a dainty scrap,
And gently lays us at our length
In some secluded lap.
It may bless you -- (I think it should)
Beyond what I make out,
With things perhaps too great and good
For cats to talk about.
Since I find in it blessing free
From all it can destroy,
And so its progress is to me
A miracle of joy.
But my look out to occupy
And make the most of that.
You must be quite as old as I,
If not yourself a Cat!Change of animal nature to human nature is needed
To aim for changing to divine nature finally sure!
Social animal to social human is what one needs to
Change first before one tries to become a divine one!
All religions preach about peace, love and divinity;
A religion may change a brute or an animal being into
A divine being, but it's not possible before one first
Turns into a human being imbibing tolerance, patience!
After one is well soaked in kindness, gentleness and
Love only, one can be a perfect human being before
One transforms into a divine being by mediation and
Mysticism of divinity in communion with Nature ever!
Sans becoming a human being, how can one ever become
A divine being even by religion sans first by human
Culture that prunes one to have best thoughts, best
Speech and best deeds as way of world life forever.?Love is the most beautiful thing alive..
You might not think its alive, but it is.
Love is a living parasite who can make huge changes in their victim.
To notice infection you feel it, for example if your heart feels like clouds
and if your feets feel like they want to take air.
Love is known for its wonderful gift of corrupting humans.
It colour is red and blue. Soft colours that makes you calm.
There is no cure but as it is alive it also dies.Man is basically wicked animal
No one can see his ideas even if naked
Either before computer or before sky
He will struggle with his mind and try
His brain is always matching with speed
So much eagerness with lots of greed
No stoppage over its planning and thoughts
Mind struggles and so many ways are sought
It will never satisfy his ego
Even if it requires to forgo
That is the mentality and real fact
It requires little restrain to act
It is good to have appetite for knowledge
It may then give enough time for leverage
With dedication and efforts it can give result
Only inner urge should be controlled and remain well built
The universe and nature has been unexplored
It is like digging of well in small hole of the bore
It may open earth's belt to give enough of water
That is all we want for need to caterAnimal is a creature:
A mammal,
Or beast,
Can be a brute,
Or a swine,
At best as a human being...
Known as... a living thing!
Animal is made of:
A flesh,
Some skeletons,
Litters of blood,
A weight of brain,
With gut of feelings...
Excited by... a sexual drive!
Animal is of all sort,
Has different breed,
But one thing is universal...
Survival...is an animal instinct!Her spirit is as free as heaven's air,
the gorgeous girl whose love I long to share
while tripping through the light of passion's air
where I shall find the way to say I care.
If darkened eyes reveal a simple verse
can love be shown within a poet's verse?
Perhaps my pen should practice more, rehearse,
before the pond'rous thoughts my dreams immerse.
To rest my pen when hearing lover's call
her smiling face that muses to my all
even my words are hers to beck and call.
A poet seeks the ways of old romance,
and writes of love while courting new romance,
inviting her to join the tribade dance.The Carrion Cry
Tonight, the Queen of phantoms calls my name
As in a witch's fire there burns her flame,
I look to the skies and answer her claim,
With Pagan heart that none shall dare to tame.
Her honour is mine born on ravens wings,
The mantle of honour a warrior brings,
She is the promise a Celtic dream sings,
In life and death and all eternal things.
She is the maiden where beauty is shown
The maternal light that lets all be known
For hers is the wisdom of ancient Crone.
Here in the cry of the carrion bird
Hers is the echoed voice that can be heard
And now in darkness hear her guiding word.
By Jem FarmerWe never found a way under his sway.
The elephant trampled us in the fray.
At Lion's carnal feast we did fall a prey.
The sun blinds us, but we still feel no ray.
For his sake, burning, we flared in his lie.
And his forceful flood left us high and dry.
His shady plot though stared us in our aye.
His sky made us vie to die, not to fly.
He was only bound by our own promise
To follow him and grow in common bliss!
His sweet song was but insane serpent's bliss!
Over our heads past and future gather.
In the desert we share manna, yonder,
Where angels and beasts will live together.PEACE AND HER EARPIECE
My eyes greeted the way to the class,
Saw different people with different eyes,
Some without and with glass,
Some toss around like an empty mass.
Then did i saw a spirit before me:
Then, elated was my glottis.
But within her ears was an earpiece.
Then i think i heard the voice of the Holy Spirit.
I called and called her till i was nearer,
For the more i move closer it seem to her farther.
Till i removed the 'piece from her ears, she proved deafer.
Then she did saw me an exclaimed: 'Oh josh, you're here? '.
So, are many who YHWH calls which cannot hear,
Till he take the earpiece away from their ears.
18: 01: 09: 06: 45(Life In Arabian Sonnet)
Life, with body, mind and soul together
Walks the way to destination ever
From person to person it does differ
To some it is dark and to some is fair;
To many it has aim and some nothing
Aim supporters more or less try earning
Nothing supporters do mainly nothing
They are only with their lives so cheating;
Life firstly parts into body and soul
Body, the outer part is changeable
Many people call it fully mortal;
Soul is unchangeable, the inner part
So immortality is its chief fact
All the aim supporters believe it.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │25 February,2018(Out Of Desert - An Arabian Sonnet)
Out of desert that came out guess him, mind
A golden touch; touched and turned into gold
All the agents before him soon appeared
Slowly all of them began to be touched;
In short time news reached far and far distance
Air changing around took the real place,
In the sky clouds gathered, fell rain of peace
Desert got soaked having great essence;
Environment instantly turned fertile
Desert saved from being ever futile
The inhabitants were no more hostile;
Great instance set in the heart of desert
The setter as a man is always great
Is considered at present was in past.A poem should be -
stop right there, chum. You’ve hit
the target in four words.
see it there? Like the
Northern Lights, the Aurora Borealis,
like a simile,
flashing through the mind,
reshaping the heavens,
soaring merrily above
should-be-s and shouldn’t-be-s
and - not even like I’ve said.
like nothing else
except itself
poetica my ars
a poet should be
a poem should be.Night, day, words work will's wondrous way,
translating into light
threads at play that more threads lay
seed phrases feed fresh flight.
Weaving in, weeding out,
follow authentic cue
avoiding shout, rant roundabout,
artificial glue,
Writer's violin underpins
emotions ringing true,
poetic string soon second skin
becomes, ne’er dumb, askew.all the while i adore you,
day and night, dawn and dusk, i have you,
at the worst, i side with you,
ars poetica, an illusion of love and
grandeur, a struggle for name and fame,
always, you ask, "what is your name? "
or "do you have a name? " and i write my name
in your body, but you are a mist, a body of water,
a waterfall, and my name is lost, and i am lost
in you,
" i have my rules", my house is here, and
"are you following? " you must sing my name,
she demands, you must chant me,
you must make me holy, you must remove
your slippers when you enter my door,
inside the room you must undress and face me naked,
let me see your body, let me touch your soul,
ars poetica again, too demanding and sometimes
too demeaning, but most of the times,
yes, always beautiful and magical, but
had always been, too forgetful.
yes, too forgetful, inside her house,
i have no seat, no place, no Persian pillow.
inside her heart is filled with love,
but she has none for me.no rhyme
no rhythm
just fragmented thoughts
caught mid air in a net
and bottled up in a cage
where the circus ringmaster
with a whip of whimsical arbitariness
tames them down
and parades them in a somewhat meaningful pattern
disciplined unruly curs
hoping that the camouflage is good enough
for them to be considered
deceptive enough to be called a poem or
something
ars poetica
an experiment at taming down
unwanted thoughts
a mere experiment into verbalising scattered
nightmares
no metre
no syllable counts     or forms
just words   meaningless horrible words
that contradict each other
laid down upon a white sheet of paper
one that might have been more useful
in making at least twelve cigarette joints
souren mondal
6.2.16Poetry, I tell my students,
is idiosyncratic. Poetry
is where we are ourselves
(though Sterling Brown said
"Every ‘I' is a dramatic ‘I'"),
digging in the clam flats
for the shell that snaps,
emptying the proverbial pocketbook.
Poetry is what you find
in the dirt in the corner,
overhear on the bus, God
in the details, the only way
to get from here to there.
Poetry (and now my voice is rising)
is not all love, love, love,
and I'm sorry the dog died.
Poetry (here I hear myself loudest)
is the human voice,
and are we not of interest to each other?Ars Poetica # 1
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
A poem should sound meditation
In my brain,
As I am standing in front of a pole
As a mole,
Top of which three hands of a clock
Whirling quick,
It is an ancient and only unit
Of counting it;
The time of this universe
Time of creatures;
One after another the three hands
Count of happening things,
When start a thing and a being
Again end in time,
When did I come in this earth?
Instantly it wrote;
How much time the earth takes
To move once,
Around itself and the sun
At how motion,
From the creation of this universe
Time has been prose and verse
To the creations and the creatures
To complete course.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │3 March,2018I met my Muse
In last night's dream!
It's not a 'he' or a 'she'
Seems it's a team!
I always thought it was some dead poet
With a yen to express....
...With artistic sensibilities........
And a need to still show it.
But what I dreamed was....
A baseball team, (9) ,
Even some back benchers,
Second stringers, relief pitchers,
In short, a small crowd.
A motley crew, (laugh out loud) ,
Tossing out suggestions.
Still dreaming, I took them for a test drive:
I asked, How shall I say, 'You are a sight for sore eyes? '
'Northern Lights, ' came the pitch,
'Compared to grey skies.'
(Not Aurora Borealis, we were all in agreement,
Too grand for the emotion of
'I'm happy to see you.')
So...... do they hang around
Waiting for my mind to settle
On wanting to communicate
Some idea I've just thought of.......?
Or, are they the ones
Who direct my attention
To the idea itself?
A guidance from above?
And I wonder what's the best way
To engage with my team.
Oh! ! ! ! ......I guess that's actually an easy call,
I'll simply announce
In a stentorian voice:
Plaaaaaaay......... ball! !like a turtle
to be faithful to
art
one must always
carry it
at its back
anywhere
it is not a burden
it is a home.A poem discovers itself along
the line. Toggle an image free
from a fabric of words, and a poem
unravels, whole and complete...
There's the marble bench halfway
down the Azalea Way, and nearby
in a white leaf magnolia, a single
silk veil was left as a love token.
Three sparrows perch high above,
they display no impatience
about the human drama yet
to unfold. A block away, at a busy
coffee shop, a man and a woman share
gleeful intimacies over espresso and cream.I am not Proust and his literary machine.
Am I partial as objects, as impulses that make me burst open Stevens?
Am I eros that resonates like an oboe?
The oboe is getting clinical yet pedestrian; it is listening for sounds in my chest
that point to lovers and quiet hope, and forever forgiveness.
Do you hear its waiting like an ear to the wall, like notes slipped into cracks?
How we stonewall the cracks, the poems we first loved to hear.
Can they not see the sadness of forgetfulness?
If not, haven’t their hearts ever braced themselves for loss?
We were never made to be machines, forcing movement into limbs to work
out signs like a formula. We are cells and vessels but we don’t have to follow them.
Will you follow me?
Will you follow me into eternal wonder of no beginnings, and thus no endings?
That will help me survive; it will help me live.
It will help me write poetry as if tomorrow I forgot I ever wrote.
That is how I want to remember this, this precious machination of moments
that gears itself for no cabal. That is my secret.
My secrecy was to write without condition, without limits,
as if a cipher could free itself into fields and how no one would mind.
If only my inhibitions allowed such inhibition,
I say to Deleuze, as his fingers spider my spine.
Author’s Note:
An earlier version of this poem appeared in University of Houston’s Gulf Coast, opening with an epigraph from Horace’s Ars Poetica: “He, his head in the clouds, belches out his poems and loses his way.” Its companion poem was later published in Portland Review, featuring citations from Nicolas Boileau-Despréaux’s L’Art Poétique and Wallace Stevens’ Notes Toward a Supreme Fiction. This poem ends with this line from Geoffrey of Vinsauf’s Poetria Nova: “Note the signs that accompany a given circumstance. Present the facts, but do not represent them as such; rather, reveal only signs of the facts: show fear by pallor, sensuality by adornment, and shame by a sudden blush; show the thing itself by its definite signs, what is prior by what is consequent upon it: this complexion, this sex, this age, that form.”
In The Archaeology of the Frivolous: Reading Condillac, translated by John P. Leavey, Jr. (Lincoln and London: University of Nebraska Press,1973) , Derrida offers his reading of Condillac’s 1746 Essay on the Origin of Human Knowledge, questioning under what conditions frivolity remains possible, saying: “Frivolity consists in being satisfied with tokens. It originates with the sign, or rather with the signifier which, no longer signifying, is no longer a signifier. The empty, void, friable, useless signifier. ‘…Useless is said of things which serve no purpose, are of no use. If they appear to have some utility but are fundamentally useless, they are called vain. If their utility bears only on objects of little consideration or worth, they are frivolous. As for futile, it adds still more to frivolous and is said chiefly of reasoning or arguments which bear on nothing.’” Derrida then locates at the origin of all knowledge the notion of desire which “produces understanding and the theoretical relation with the object”. As he sums up: “No longer is desire the relation with the object, but the object of need. No longer is desire a direction, but an end. An end without end bending need into a kind of flight. This escape sweeps away the origin, system, destiny, and time of need (an exempt [franc] word and a concept without identity) .”Allah karay
nazmaiN ghongay ki pag-dandi bun jaaiN.
jahaN bhi main jaaooN,
har inch: chup-chaap patta cHod jaaiN
mere pairoN ki chaandi ki duaaiN.
main zinda tha ek baar.
aap ka baDa shukriya.
yahaan tha, yahaan tha main ek baar.
- -
Ars Poetica
Aracelis Girmay
May the poems be
the little snail's trail.
Everywhere I go,
every inch: quiet record
of the foot's silver prayer.
I lived once.
Thank you.
It was here.Six monarch butterfly cocoons
clinging to the back of your throat—
you could feel their gold wings trembling.
You were alarmed. You felt infested.
In the downstairs bathroom of the family home,
gagging to spit them out—
and a voice saying Don't, don't—monarch titli k cHay koyay
tumharay gallay main phansay huay hain -
tum un k sunheri kaanptay paankh
gallay main mehsoos kar rahey ho
Khof se bhar jaatay ho tum
lagata hai galla bhara hua hai koyoN se
seeDiyoN k neechay ghar k gusal khanay main
ghalla kholay tum unaiN nikaal rahay ho thooktay huay
sunaaee deti hai fir tum ko ek awaaz
kehti hui: nahin nahin, nikaalo tum in ko nahin -
***
Ars Poetica (cocoons)
Dana Levin
Six monarch butterfly cocoons
clinging to the back of your throat—
you could feel their gold wings trembling.
You were alarmed. You felt infested.
In the downstairs bathroom of the family home,
gagging to spit them out—
and a voice saying Don't, don't—At dawn, I march ahead
Holding in my arms
The white wreath
Of mother's hair.
After me, it's you, beloved,
Holding in your bosom
The ardent wreath
Of your tear.
At the hind, comes Death.
He carries the scarlet wreath
Of my blood -
He, who never gives anything
Back.
And we all keep marching ahead
Illuminated
By an incomprehensible feeling
Of joy.
Grigore Vieru (Translated by Paul Abucean)To talk like the rain.
Words the color of oneself.
This is poetry.The invincible moon
orbiting your heart.
A world tender with
sapphire eyes and
revelation multiplied
by music:
the sound of seraphim
making love.Alternative For goodness' sake,
Plead his friends,
Cut out the razzmatazz.
Make a point and get it across.
Use slang. And put some jargon
Into your stuff. All right, say some,
The keener diagnosticians,
Perhaps it's not the gimmicks,
But where's your bite,
The cerebral edge, there's no
Dialectic. What to do?
The poet wonders. Strip
The Muse, put her on a Suzuki,
Make her sputter Hegelian quirks
Like all the rest?
Or shall I whistle Lillibullero
And gae to my Anna? Disquisition on Matters of Principle Later
He got his own back,
Obliquely, in some of his verse:
A mistake his friends, at one
With his critics, condemned.
Although, on further reflection,
A number (of both parties) agreed that
From a mere poetological viewpoint
It didn't, perhaps, matter, in principle,
Whether
But rather
And that
If Drab Prospect These voices, proceeding - whence else? - from the poet's marasm,
Keep up their susurrus, annoying the Muses
With their dissensions and fuss, obscuring Apollo
With interminable logodaedal mist.My eyes are in trance
whenever I am with you,
In you.
I float like a snowflake and I hit the cold water
We become one
I become none.
But whenever I think of you
with my mind,
I am above you,
far far away from the essence of you
I swim in the deep blue
of the sky
so enchanting
so ephemeral
so long lasting
the illusion
of knowing what is true.
I must close my eyes and try very hard
not to think
but to feel—Detroit, Michigan
Broad-ribbed leaves of the calathea plant
trickle water down into the mouth of its pot
as if it's still fighting off competitors in the wild
as kittens scamper past, the knees of their
hind legs bending backwards with inhuman
ease, like teenage boys leaping for rebounds
on playgrounds, their hourglass sleekness
glistening like the shards of forty-ounces
littering the court: sons of southern
autoworkers still unfamiliar with the Michigan
that has taken them in, girls watching
from windows as they care for the children
of older sisters. The act of wanting offers
only the hope of movement, for every target
an aim, lives spent in the in-between,
multitudes of coexisting in this particular filament
as if no other were possible—American engines
turning in a summertime traffic jam, white clouds
from factories as if shift whistles sent them forth:
the mind propelled by possibility and promise,
an unbreakable stasis. The person who wanted us
has come and gone several times like a tulip
bulb's inhaled and exhaled lives: desire,
the seed itself, creating. See what others
see in us, that gem which no one owns,
our skin a concept, a bloom of imagination
like one's own yearning unfulfilled—unchecked
as poison ivy, the fumes of its combustion
more dangerous than the vine ignored.
Boys want shots to drop. Girls want
what's through the window, not anything
close by or far afield, just the usual.
Cat-backed Swedish and German automobiles
scoot down the boulevard, someone
else's barbecue cooking across the street.
Desire never lies beyond what's given.
I have hated the second-hand world. Who was
that person divided between the glances of passersby?
Bodies decompose, even in memory—
the hand-in-hand of melted hourglass,
bloody hips of gifted tulips detached
and traveling the earth, until the mind
puts an end to them like breakers
washing out to sea. "Fine neighbors,'
someone will say. "Quiet types,'
because no one really knew them
until the press run. Packing kernels inundate
the universe: far off, coalescence; close in,
vibration and sparking. Upon
each smooth surface, each body,
Picasso portraits, light and dark.A poem should be palpable and mute
As a globed fruit
Dumb
As old medallions to the thumb
Silent as the sleeve-worn stone
Of casement ledges where the moss has grown -
A poem should be wordless
As the flight of birds
A poem should be motionless in time
As the moon climbs
Leaving, as the moon releases
Twig by twig the night-entangled trees,
Leaving, as the moon behind the winter leaves,
Memory by memory the mind -
A poem should be motionless in time
As the moon climbs
A poem should be equal to:
Not true
For all the history of grief
An empty doorway and a maple leaf
For love
The leaning grasses and two lights above the sea -
A poem should not mean
But beoh to uncage words
as startling as birds
naked and silken
full of song and shriek
flung into the envious air
on a wonder of wings
to spin and soar and rise
dazzling our days
with surprise
-
(versus the one by MacLeish; see discussion in 'The Plight of Poetry' via Google)Robert Frost once observed in a moment of pet,
That tennis is foolish when played without net.
So a poet abandoning rhythmical verse
Was to him just a lightweight (or something far worse) .
As I see it, the goal’s not to best an opponent
But determine a theme and then carefully hone it.
Using rhythm and rhyme adds a memorable sound.
(Who truly recalls much of Elliot or Pound?)
If you would write your verse in classic rhyme,
You’ll probably use the iamb all the time.
Iambic feet in groups of five are stately,
And through the ages they have figured greatly.
Trochees, though, have lots of power;
Use them when you snarl or glower.
Shorter lines, three feet or four,
Let you grasp your subject’s core.
The bounce of the anapest many find funny
As it scampers along like the legs on a bunny.
Yet its lilt appears often as part of our speech
So it can bring subjects within the heart’s reach.
Dactyls instead are insistent and driving,
Forceful and rolling with purposeful striving.
Horses and trains, also feelings in motion
Show a dactylic rhythm if you’ve got the notion.
When you need change in the rhythm, it’s neat
To add strong spondees or weak pyrhic feet.
Slow down, look closely, or speed things up,
Add that dash of ‘different’ to your cup.
If you feel quite at ease with conventional forms,
That’s great.  But if not, bid adieu to the norms.
Beyond the predictable, vast realms of choice
Beckon you on to discover your voice.
Intense and insistent, poems differ from prose
And ask for a different response, I suppose;
So treasure each line that rings true like a bell,
Its peals chiming within us so wondrously well.I have always aspired to a more spacious form
that would be free from the claims of poetry or prose
and would let us understand each other without exposing
the author or reader to sublime agonies.
In the very essence of poetry there is something indecent:
a thing is brought forth which we didn't know we had in us,
so we blink our eyes, as if a tiger had sprung out
and stood in the light, lashing his tail.
That's why poetry is rightly said to be dictated by a daimonion,
though its an exaggeration to maintain that he must be an angel.
It's hard to guess where that pride of poets comes from,
when so often they're put to shame by the disclosure of their frailty.
What reasonable man would like to be a city of demons,
who behave as if they were at home, speak in many tongues,
and who, not satisfied with stealing his lips or hand,
work at changing his destiny for their convenience?
It's true that what is morbid is highly valued today,
and so you may think that I am only joking
or that I've devised just one more means
of praising Art with thehelp of irony.
There was a time when only wise books were read
helping us to bear our pain and misery.
This, after all, is not quite the same
as leafing through a thousand works fresh from psychiatric clinics.
And yet the world is different from what it seems to be
and we are other than how we see ourselves in our ravings.
People therefore preserve silent integrity
thus earning the respect of their relatives and neighbors.
The purpose of poetry is to remind us
how difficult it is to remain just one person,
for our house is open, there are no keys in the doors,
and invisible guests come in and out at will.
What I'm saying here is not, I agree, poetry,
as poems should be written rarely and reluctantly,
under unbearable duress and only with the hope
that good spirits, not evil ones, choose us for their instrument.I wanted to tell the veterinary assistant about the cat video Jason sent me
But I resisted for fear she'd think it strange
I am very lonely
Yesterday my boyfriend called me, drunk again
And interspersed between ringing tears and clinginess
He screamed at me with a kind of bitterness
No other human had before to my ears
And told me that I was no good
Well maybe he didn't mean that
But that is what I heard
When he told me my life was not worthwhile
And my life's work the work of the elite.
I say I want to save the world but really
I want to write poems all day
I want to rise, write poems, go to sleep,
Write poems in my sleep
Make my dreams poems
Make my body a poem with beautiful clothes
I want my face to be a poem
I have just learned how to apply
Eyeliner to the corners of my eyes to make them appear wide
There is a romantic abandon in me always
I want to feel the dread for others
I can feel it through song
Only through song am I able to sum up so many words into a few
Like when he said I am no good
I am no good
Goodness is not the point anymore
Holding on to things
Now that's the pointTo grasp, like Prometheus, the fire — without
the power to give it away ...
— Betty Adcock
At first a silhouette on the horizon, then
turning solid, like Schiller coming up the path to meet
the adorable sisters, and they, pretending not to watch,
their hearts, all the time, pounding,
driven by the same spring force (that would
tear them apart), the same force that drives
the salmon upriver, against the current, the odds,
back to the home pool, even as
the autumn mind, in spite of itself,
turns backward, with the same feverish glow as autumn
gives to the summer's leaves, a deceptive glamour,
warming the past with an amber light, like brandy
held up to the fire, or the sun sinking at dusk
into the water, into the Baltic Sea
each night, where, in the mythical depths
of Lithuanian folktale, lies the amber castle
of the female sun, burning in the dark water,
a globe the color of harvest, aglow
there in the depths of the past, though
the amber, congealed sap of a once
living force, is broken into bits, and the mythic
castle with it — strung now as beads, and hung,
a charm, around the neck of a daughter,
like the one in a Greek dream, picking flowers
when the earth opened,
and in a swirl of violet cape and the pounding of hoofs,
the dark god broke out of the earth
driven by the same spring force, consequential
and mortal,
and up there, hanging over the mythic
fields of what recurs and recurs (though never the same,
and never to be reconciled) — what is that?
A hot air balloon filled
with passengers who paid to be raised
in a basket, to be up there looking down on
the ground where they live, a place shrunken now
beneath their gaze, while their bloated shadow floats
like a jellyfish in a green sea, barely a smudge on the pastures below,
the trace of their passage less than a breath of smoke
from a coal-fired engine — a blast of tarnished air
from the actual past, heavy metal delivered from memory.
Useless to warn the girl, whose
hand will always be reaching out for the flowers, or
the sisters inflamed with Schiller, as he with the tricolor
dream of a world he could never inhabit ...
useless to comfort
the eyeless Tiresias who knew how terrible was
wisdom when it knew itself useless,
and useless to read
the names on the shining black wall of the Vietnam
Memorial, the text of exactly what war has accomplished —
and look, there, standing high above the tragic scene,
not the little figures of the wise ancients that Yeats saw
carved into the deep blue stone — but there, standing high
above Arlington, against the blank lapis of the sky:
a horse with the torso and head of a man, yes,
it is Chiron, the last of the hybrids, the wise and terribly wounded
centaur for whom immortality was a curse,
and he gave it away
to Prometheus, who stole the god's fire and gave it away,
as art gives the power to give it away,
for that fire is the gift that cannot be held,
for it will burn to an ash those (born
and born again, war without end) who would hold it.Although she understood what it meant to be him
She saw earlier than he did what it was to lose everything
And so she tried to bury all that was within her
She threw it into the lagoon
Dug holes beneath coconut trees
But palms don’t sit deep enough
And the tide brought everything back
She’d try to attend to it
In secret, behind a closed door
With music loud and images moving
But instead of keeping it all as some kind of manageable
Mass it grew, nurtured by the privation of light
Although she understood what it meant to be him
She asked for photographs of happy days
Of the conventional, as if this might reinforce some sense of normality
But he gave her scans of his brain
X-rays of his head
A spectral reminder of what they both shared
His feint facial contours wrapped around bone
Missing and replaced teeth testament to
Age and gnawing life through flesh her own teeth breaking
There was no escape from the emergent sense
Of fight within her
Although she understood what it meant to be him
Most of what she wanted to become
Involved her leaving traces of him
Behind her on the one road between the houses
Scatterings of genealogy marking the
Bends delineating which side
On which to drive
She was always confused as to which side was the right side
When the wind was pushing across her face her bones her brain
Scanned with her eyes to see if all the
Parts had fallen and if she was free
There is no escape from the DNA of creationWoven words, cascading
down slopes of rhyme,
through jungles of cadence
and blanketing the atmosphere
of the voluptuous mind;
it is with these colors
I paint my opalescence
and become translucent
phosphorescent
celestial and lyrical
and eternal
immortal
Every keystroke fires
across webs of wire
fiber optic fantasy
burning nocturnes
and arias
and odes
tears, and collapse
into the radiant world
of relentless wonder,
ineffable realm of lucidity,
of pageantry,
of swooning possibility
that we call
'the internet'.Snatch up a time, swift as Pythagoras,
wandering off his mathematic thought
deep down a Samos side-street, hears
far from soft Pythia and loud agoras
a black-smith’s beating hammers
clanking down on the rigid anvil
each clunk a different weight but
then continuing still higher to
repeat the same notes after eight.
Catch underneath the very crag of us
out of that hard rock Samos cave
pitched at our superstitions, fears:
the logorythmic of our grammars
as you climb the peak octave
in figures that would stagger us-
look up to his skies and pierce
our humdrum to the deep hum
of the Music of the Spheres.Some from within, some from without,
without a doubt set to,
as soul-song spins tale which begins
to flow, grow, glow.  Thereto
through weaving in and weeding out
touch base with Nature, cue
time, place, as twins defeat and wins
ignored are through and through.
No need to shout, run roundabout,
use artificial glue,
scribe’s violin tunes, underpins,
technique as heart rings true.
Sensations scout, don’t beat about
the bush, tout false virtue,
The poet’s string must second skin
become, ne’er dumb, askew.
Words work their way by night and day
from phases past, to light
through threads at play that more threads lay,
reeled phrases feed fresh flight.
(30 March 2005 revised 9 June 2007 and 1 February 2012)
robi03_1128_robi03_0000 XXX_IXX
see below for previous version entitled Poetics
Poetics
Some from within some from without
without a doubt flow true
as soul-song spins tale which begins
to grow, and then glows too
through weaving in and weeding out -
touch intuitions know
from phases past so phrases last
through threads which more threads sow...
(30 March 2005)The goose that laid the golden egg
Died looking up its crotch
To find out how its sphincter worked.
Would you lay well?  Don't watch.We greet a spring-like dawning
Leading to a distinctive day.
Sonnets are having their say.
Lyrical prose brings forth the red rose
And memories of love start to sway
To the rhythm of birdsong in May.
Ars Poetica showing the way.
I'll hear you whisper in rhyme
As long as pretty bells chime
For I know you simply adore me.
You are the one in rain or sun
You are life's spiritual story
Steeped in lyrical glory.
With sweetness of birdsong in May
Ars Poetica is showing the way.(It's been done. That makes it harder to do.)
Don't lock yourself in a room with a word called 'Poetry' -
It will breathe all the Oxygen.
Instead, recognize that the word is the room.
And that room is the world.
Don't try to hunt it with bow and spear-point -
It will only laugh at you, escaping
as the air escapes the clapping man.
Instead, laugh with it -
and escape with it also.
In your anger, don't even try to step on it -
it will disappear, but not for the reasons you thought.
Do not follow it, neither let it follow you.
Instead, be with it.
And it will be where it belongs.The meaning of time
is
a tear which falls in twilight
and turn itself in a making up
star.Then finishing my third form I came upon words Ars Poetica
I looked to the sky with its gathering clouds and say to myself
Yes the infinite blue is good for inspiration
I feel the cool morning breeze before heat
Yes that is good to drive the imagination
I remember things that strike me throughout the day
Some memories long some short
Yes they are good topics to write about
I wonder if I will succeed in this new to me form and remember
The hardest step is the first one
Putting the pencil to the paperthey are nothing, the Autumn
and
tiny feet that tread steadily toward
undisclosed locations
(drenched in nouns and verbs, prepositions and phonetics,
the metaphysical flowers of dark streets)
they are nothing
unwritten verses, vapor on your fingers
as you trace the World on a rain-streaked window
we are alone! we are alone!
we sweat and bleed
we move through the rain, disjointed, cast aside,
the remnant cries of a thousand fallen before us
“life is very short and
the sky oh so very long”
but
in the infinite particles that
collect and quiver on our shoulders
a cadence is born;
out of the conjunction of a long ago state of the World
and the shimmering puddles of well-tread streets
poetry appears
the sky’s oblivion beats suddenly within our chests;
a chorus of birds rests upon our ribcage to sing those first, tentative lines
gently, with frail fingers we touch immortality
and with restless souls, we begin to dreamI.
Poetry is taking a blind man
and trying to describe the rainbow to him
using no adjectives.
II.
The Poet walks into a dark room
and paints the air white...
or at least attempts to
while the whales eat him whole
and recreate him again.
III.
The muses and the poet,
locked in a game of baseball,
forget that the poet must die
and forever they linger,
haunting students
with a bigger picture.Poetry is a draught
The words of the mind
The feelings of the heart
Of awe, appreciation and others of it's kind
All mixed together
To form a potion of words
It's been here forever
More powerful than guns and swords
The quill has a power
That stems from the mind
To make readers smile or glower
It can bring war or peace or other such impact-full times
Aye, that is the power of poetry
So beware, respect and appreciate
Tis not something learnt merely from coachery
For it stems from emotions, like love or hateIt is pleasant to be praised-
but praised by who?
Sometimes to be praised is to be dissed.
It's unpleasant to be dissed-
but dissed by who?
Sometimes to be dissed is to be praised.
The Art of Poetry is the Art
of finding the right audience.it is passion
without it it is nothing
it is feeling winding up
running looking for an
opening and then if contained
it bursts
it is an emoticon
sad, happy, exhilarated,
burning, wriggling
dancing, wild, making love,
resting after love,
smoking and gazing
finding a home finally
in the silence of
its fulfillment.
it is never propaganda.
never an advertisement
not even an autobiography
everyone relates
and at the end begins to
imitate it.1.
You don't have to walk
in self-discipline
and abstention.
To transcend
the prying eyes and
rub off the naked shoulder
of moon.
2.
Would you come back
in dark to light the lamps
in my eyes?
I need no pain
to write the epitaph of
an undying poet
in jungle of wild screams.
3.
There was no beginning
no end. So from where
you will start reciting
the beautiful saga?
I don't think of your
luxury to pick up my craft
and hack me to hundred stanzas.when
a
line's
a
serpent
line
li ke
this;
it
should
also
rattle
and
h
i
s
s.Let poetry be like a key
Opening a thousand doors
A leaf falls; something flies by;
Let all the eye sees be created
And the soul of the listener tremble.
Invent new worlds and watch your word;
The adjective, when it doesn't give life, kills it.
We are in the age of nerves.
The muscle hangs,
Like a memory, in museums;
But we are not the weaker for it:
True vigor
Resides in the head.
Oh Poets, why sing of roses!
Let them flower in your poems;
For us alone
Do all things live beneath the Sun.
The poet is a little God.Dying trees easily fall..
Poems, too, as they should.
Dead wood rots from which
One good poem may grow,
The better to hear in the higher
Branches, the creaking lower limbs.
Sequestering lovers late afternoon
Whisper. One is carving the bark,
A crude heart with names within.
Now unread, unspoken but for the overgrown
Path, a bark-less scar now where was the heart,
Without thought, without desire, write only this,
'How arms entwine, how branches break'.A poem is an art;
Truly from the heart
Is a formation
of something so smart
Is a discussion
of words like a tart
Is an expression
of courage and hurt
Maybe direction
of lovers apart
And a prevention
of friends not to part
Has an intention
to make nice art.Que cada palabra lleve lo que dice.
Que se a como el temblor que la sostiene.
Que se mantenga como un latido.
No he de proferir adornada falsedad ni poner tinta dudosa ni
añadir brillos a lo que es.
Esto me obliga a oírme. Pero estamos aquí para decir la verdad.
Seamos reales.
Quiero exactitudes aterradoras.
Tiemblo cuando creo que me falsifico. Debo llevar en peso mis
palabras. Me poseen tanto como yo a ellas.
Si no veo bien, dime tú, tú que me conoces, mi mentira, señálame
la impostura, restrégame la estafa. Te lo agradeceré, en serio.
Enloquezco por corresponderme.
Sé mi ojo, espérame en la noche y divísame, escrútame, sacúdeme.I sometimes feel lighter than air.
as if the smallest breeze could lift me
and carry me to a fantastic zone of earth,
and deposit me among alien plants, rivers
winding out of sight, strange souls
in quiet creatures, orange and black finches
tracing melodies of their songs in their flight.
A calm makes me one with unthinking nature.
I no sooner agree to enjoy this forest life
than a hot wind bursts from a stand
of poplars, lifts me above this temperate zone
and sweeps me across a turbulent lake.
I wave my arms, as it they were awakened
wings, so grateful am I to experience flight.
But my gestures halt my flight, and I am
just sitting on my recliner in my living room...
Did something actual or mystical adjust
my consciousness to register the small facts
of my psyche? Or did these interior treasures
seize my attention within on their own initiative?
The engagement in space I call Flight; the engagement
in solitude I call Journey. Each is a mirror to the other.
Through them I stretch my mind to attain some higher state
of being. My psyche rejoices in this Crossroads.
When I descend into my psyche on my journey
into the solitude of Self, I encounter archetypal
energy, whose beings accompany me. With Gilgamesh
I tame the world and impose my will, even the gods
regard me with favor; with Orpheus I sing the Song
of Nature and my accord within it; with Odysseus
I liberate myself from the sloth of Calypso's Island;
with Apollo I defend the truth from those who debase it.
Flight in Space, Journey within Solitude -
These are the Crossroads of the Imagination, from which
my poems arise, gestate and spring forth, like Athena
from the head of Zeus, fully empowered. I will not write
an Epic Poem, nor the Poem of My Generation. I am only
a foot-soldier in the Conqueror's army, a novice student
in Plato's Academy, a Lyric Poet whose heart alone
measures his worth, whose voice is an instant in the wind.There is a tiredness in this hot
autumn air, a drift toward sleep
even in the daylight. But sleeping
is no solution. Is it the body crying
for healing, or the soul crying for comfort?
Or perhaps both body and soul, severed
from company with the mind, yearn to close
that gap and restore their three-fold unity.
Which cry should I answer first?
Shall I summon dreamless sleep
so that the body may curl into its own
comfort and in deep unconsciousness
regain its strength? Afterwards, I will
occupy that amorphous expanse within
where nocturnal currents fold and unfold
and define the contours of the invisible soul.
Words will pour forth from the mind
and coalesce into incipient poems, taking
place within body and soul, and be shaped
according to the soil of their origins,
those of body filled with the energy
of earth, those of soul imbued with the grace
of heaven. And the mind is the guardian
of this creativity in its three-fold unity.aaj duniya ka axis muD gaya hai
saat centimeter tak
baaeN ya daaeN kis ko pata hai is ka
lakin aaj raat shaaer log baDay bechain se hain
aur jootay apne nikal kar dariya main ghusay hue hain
aur paani main taroN ko pakaD rehay hain.
***
Evening Flight / Ars Poetica 2
Gabriel Chávez Casazola
Translated from the Spanish by Morgan Harden
Today the axis of the world has moved ten centimeters
to the left or right who knows
but tonight the poets wander unsettled
and throw off their shoes
and enter the river
and lay themselves out
to capture
the splendor
of the stars
to capture them
with their hands
in the water.Adelante voy yo, al alba
En mis brazos con las blancas espigas
De los cabellos maternos
Atrás vas tú, amada
Con la ardiente espiga
De tu lágrima
Al pecho
Al postre viene la Muerte
Con las rojas espigas
De mi sangre -
Ella, que nunca devuelve
Nada
Y todos seguimos el camino
Iluminados
Por una incomprensible
Alegría
(Traducido por Paul Abucean)Ars poetica is
Writing poem on about
Arts, beauty in it.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │4 March,2018_____________________
asal main dekha jaaey to
shaeeri ek buri balah hai
jo cheez hum nahin janatay k hamaray undar hai
vo nikaal kar hamaray samnay khaDi kar di jati hai
aur hum apni aankaiN maltay hain
lagta hai koi sher apni poocH maarta hua
hamaray andar se nikal kar
roshni main saamanay khaDa ho jaata ho
_____________________
__________ ________________
_________________________
_____________________________
____ _____________________________
shaeeri ka ya masla hai k hum ko yaad dilatay rahe
k apne aap main siraf ek insaan hona baDa mushkil hai
kyon k hamara ghar khula hai, dawaazay main chabeeaN nahin lagi hain
aur mehmaan jinaieN hum dekh nahin paatay
apni marzi se hamaray ghar aatay haiN aur fir chalay jaatay haiN
main yahan ye nahin kehna chahta k
shaaeribe-bardashti dabaav k undar likhi jaaey
yeh umeed kartay hue k siraf acHi roohaiN, buri nahin
apne karo baar k liye hamaiN chunti rahaiN
***
Ars Poetica?
BY CZESLAW MILOSZ
TRANSLATED BY CZESLAW MILOSZ AND LILLIAN VALLEE
I have always aspired to a more spacious form
that would be free from the claims of poetry or prose
and would let us understand each other without exposing
the author or reader to sublime agonies.
In the very essence of poetry there is something indecent:
a thing is brought forth which we didn't know we had in us,
so we blink our eyes, as if a tiger had sprung out
and stood in the light, lashing his tail.
That's why poetry is rightly said to be dictated by a daimonion,
though it's an exaggeration to maintain that he must be an angel.
It's hard to guess where that pride of poets comes from,
when so often they're put to shame by the disclosure of their frailty.
What reasonable man would like to be a city of demons,
who behave as if they were at home, speak in many tongues,
and who, not satisfied with stealing his lips or hand,
work at changing his destiny for their convenience?
It's true that what is morbid is highly valued today,
and so you may think that I am only joking
or that I've devised just one more means
of praising Art with the help of irony.
There was a time when only wise books were read,
helping us to bear our pain and misery.
This, after all, is not quite the same
as leafing through a thousand works fresh from psychiatric clinics.
And yet the world is different from what it seems to be
and we are other than how we see ourselves in our ravings.
People therefore preserve silent integrity,
thus earning the respect of their relatives and neighbors.
The purpose of poetry is to remind us
how difficult it is to remain just one person,
for our house is open, there are no keys in the doors,
and invisible guests come in and out at will.
What I'm saying here is not, I agree, poetry,
as poems should be written rarely and reluctantly,
under unbearable duress and only with the hope
that good spirits, not evil ones, choose us for their instrument.i am hooked to you.
i need rehabilitation
in China, the bamboo rafts there
can help, i will sail
on the Yangtze river
together with you
my rudder on the shallow
jade green waters,
i shall hear robins making
love calls,
i am stuck on this trip
lots of rainbow illusions
colors in my mind
i am jailed in your arms
my heart enthralled to
this injunction
everyday i set aside other
works, the plants are wilting
and the trees are dying,
my dogs are hungry
unfed
my chickens cross the
fence
to feed on other grains
i am stuck in here
because i like it here
China can wait
the chickens may die
even my dogs
let them be impounded....Preamble
A rough draft
for an ars poetica
.  .  .  .  .  .  .
Let's get our dreams unstuck
The grain of rye
free from the prattle of grass
et loin de arbres orateurs
I
plant
it
It     will sprout
But forget about
the rustic festivities
For the explosive word
falls harmlessly
eternal through
the compact generations
and except for you
nothing
denotates
its sweet-scented dynamite
Greetings
I discard eloquence
the empty sail
and the swollen sail
which cause the ship
to lose her course
My ink nicks
and there
and there
and there
and
there
sleeps
deep poetry
The mirror-paneled wardrobe
washing down ice-floes
the little eskimo girl
dreaming
in a heap
of moist negroes
her nose was
flattened
against the window-pane
of dreary Christmases
A white bear
adorned with chromatic moire
dries himself in the midnight sun
Liners
The huge luxury item
Slowly founders
all its lights aglow
and so
sinks the evening-dress ball
into the thousand mirrors
of the palace hotel
And now
it is I
the thin Columbus of phenomena
alone
in the front
of a mirror-paneled wardrobe
full of linen
and locking with a key
The obstinate miner
of the void
exploits
his fertile mine
the potential in the rough
glitters        there
mingling with its white rock
Oh
princess of the mad sleep
listen to my horn
and my pack of hounds
I deliver you
from the forest
where we came upon the spell
Here we are
by the pen
one with the other
wedded
on the page
Isles          sobs of Ariadne
Ariadnes
dragging   along
Aridnes          seals
for I betray you my fair stanzas
to
run and awaken
elsewhere
I plan no architecture
Simply
deaf
like you       Beethoven
blind
like you
Homer
numberless old man
born everywhere
I elaborate
in the prairies of inner
silence
and the work of the mission
and the poem of the work
and the stanza of the poem
and the group of the stanza
and the words of the group
and the letters of the word
and        the least
loop of the letters
it's your foot
of attentive satin
that I place in position
pink
tightrope walker
sucked up by the void
to the left         to the right
the god gives a shake
and I walk
towards the other side
with infinite precaution
Submitted by Linda M. GibbsPresiding over a formica counter,
plastic Mother and Child magnetized
to the top of an ancient register,
the heady mix of smells from the open bins
of dried codfish, the green plantains
hanging in stalks like votive offerings,
she is the Patroness of Exiles,
a woman of no-age who was never pretty,
who spends her days selling canned memories
while listening to the Puerto Ricans complain
that it would be cheaper to fly to San Juan
than to buy a pound of Bustelo coffee here,
and to Cubans perfecting their speech
of a 'glorious return' to Havana- where no one
has been allowed to die and nothing to change until then;
to Mexicans who pass through, talking lyrically
of dólares to be made in El Norte-
all wanting the comfort
of spoken Spanish, to gaze upon the family portrait
of her plain wide face, her ample bosom
resting on her plump arms, her look of maternal interest
as they speak to her and each other
of their dreams and their disillusions-
how she smiles understanding,
when they walk down the narrow aisles of her store
reading the labels of packages aloud, as if
they were the names of lost lovers; Suspiros,
Merengues, the stale candy of everyone's childhood.
She spends her days
slicing jamón y queso and wrapping it in wax paper
tied with string: plain ham and cheese
that would cost less at the A&P, but it would not satisfy
the hunger of the fragile old man lost in the folds
of his winter coat, who brings her lists of items
that he reads to her like poetry, or the others,
whose needs she must divine, conjuring up products
from places that now exist only in their hearts-
closed ports she must trade with.Mendacem oporrer esse memorem.
Poets should read that: it applies to them,
It fits my metre, and it hits the mark.
To act on it, of course, requires pluck.
It means (translated freely I admit):
‘Lie, poet, lie; but don’t be caught at it.’
Liars are all lame ducks and often slip,
And once a poem slips it can’t get up.
Though manners, morals, are at one, decrying
The gross impurity of common lying,
Poets must specialise in the depiction
Of highly-coloured worlds that are pure fiction.
Do not, indeed, the very heavens lie
Above us? Oh, the innocent blue sky!
Is the sun really haloed? Does he rise
And run above us? When we lionise
Leonids, aren’t we bluffed? And then the blue
Of distant mountain, forest - is that true?
Does not the rainbow’s bridge pile guile on guile?
And are horizons really there at all?
The fata morgana, when it shows to you
A lake with trees and steeples cut in two,
Tops hovering, the other halves reversed –
Doesn’t this cheat your sight and cheat your thirst?
So all things bright and beautiful are lies.
The truth’s a skeleton, not very nice.
Please, poet, cover it with flesh and blood;
Lie, poet, lie: it is your livelihood.
If you convince me that what seems is there,
You’re a true poet though a perjurer.
He was no shyster, that Athenian
Who squealed as piglets squeal; the other one,
The peasant with a real pig in his coat,
Might make his real pig cry, might fleer and flout
Our sound-effects man all he liked, but earned
Loud boos and hisses from the people round.
They felt that - while the pig-impersonator
Sounded as pigs do sound - the genuine creature
(Real piggy flesh and blood, sheer pig right through)
Squealed nonetheless as piglets seldom do …Once a year, you wear the mermaid’s shoes. The moment is asked by a certain desire to excite the tourists of the town.
You go from the bed to the mirror as if you walked on waters, stirring the dust of the day.
“They feel quite comfortable”, you say to me proudly, although you limp a little.
I don’t do anything else than to creep in the mirror and watch you.I saw him in my dream
Or my dream saw him.
Girded in instructions,
Sitting opposite as a timed
adder. Listening to my glottis
spray, enchanting words elating
his heart and whipping his ear.
Diverse heads held many heads:
Head with debt and some deposited death.
Sat i with him in closure,
Pushing my lips forward for enclouse:
'I'm a poet', and all of that i've said.
But was veiled yet to me that he had a news.
For so long had i been loquacious,
He pushed forth his words: tentatively audacious.
And like the purposed wind flew.
His product did my brain told me audibly,
But when my eyes untrust themselves,
My brain seemed mute.
He'd said: 'Their is a female poet in hebrew
Her name is 'monume? '.
I'm i sure i got the name.
Even there lies the mistake.
Just returned from hoping around the air,
And the air refused to bear the burden faithfully.
Or you know the name:
That poet of strangling fame?
Ho me, if thou do,
Maybe she's hidden by her variant skill.
Or nature pleaded to have her in her bossom.
'Monume? '
18: 01: 11: 06: 07Roused, as breath my sleep had
seized returns—a pink bud swelling
like a peony from this lizard's throat.
As mate or threat, what strange excess
translated from some foreign grammar
of ornament. Poised on my laptop
he looks like evolution's little scar,
the digital evergreen of midnight
currency transfers and failing pulses,
ceaseless milt and molt of information.
Though his elbows jut like epaulettes
and an azure eye patch surrounds each
obsidian, mordant bead, revolving
separate, he isn't miniature or minaudière,
not toy or clown, but a philosopher-king
catechizing the rough or honeyed skin
of things. Head swiveling imperially,
he picks unseen locks, but can't escape
his nature, all zeroes and ones, void
or integer as god. Being, then watching,
then gone, withdrawn to his peripheries,
returned to that alert, invisible world.
I raise my sleep-numb arm and shed
its thousand scales, my fused bones
lightening, fraying to feathers, to fingers
that begin the day's unraveling.Dawn's my Mr Right, already
Cocks have crowed, birds flown from nests,
The neon lights of Leeds last night still
Sovereign in my sights, limousines and
Pink baloons, tee shirts with green stencilled
Dates of wedding days to come, the worn dance floor,
Jingling arcades where chrome fendered fruit machines
Rest on plush carpets like the ghosts of fifties Chevies,
Dreams for sale on boulevards where forget-me-nots
Are flowing through the hyaline summer air.
I stood with you in Kings Cross on Thursday night
Waiting for a bus we saw the lighthouse on top
Of a triangle of empty shops and seedy bedsits,
Some relic of a nineteenth century's eccentric's dream come true.
But posing now the question 'What to do with a listed building
And the Channel Tunnel coming through?' Its welded slats,
Timber frame and listing broken windows blew our minds-
Like discovering a Tintoretto in a gallery of fakes.
Leeds takes away the steely glare of Sutton
Weighing down on me like breeze-blocks by the ton,
When all I want to do is run away and make a home
In Keighley, catch a bus to Haworth and walk and walk
Till human talk is silenced by the sun.Abide
by Michael R. Burch
after Philip Larkin's "Aubade"
It is hard to understand or accept mortality—
such an alien concept: not to be.
Perhaps unsettling enough to spawn religion,
or to scare mutant fish out of a primordial sea
boiling like goopy green tea in a kettle.
Perhaps a man should exhibit more mettle
than to admit such fear, denying Nirvana exists
simply because we are stuck here in such a fine fettle.
And so we abide...
even in life, staring out across that dark brink.
And if the thought of death makes your questioning heart sink,
it is best not to drink
(or, drinking, certainly not to think) .
Originally published by Light. Keywords/Tags: Philip Larkin, Aubade, abide, death, mortality, religion, drink, drinking, drunk, drunkenness, alcohol, fear, fettle, mettle, Nirvana, curtal sonnetYou're an awe-inspiring creature
Yea, you Divine whom I adore
The one that I am wishing for
To be my Truelove evermore.
But there are questions in my mind:
'How could we be my dear Divine,
And can you be my valentine? '
Then if you'll say 'no', all is fine.
Aye,
If you Divine would let me live,
With you for hundred thousand years;
There's none a thing I'll never give,
My heart, my love, and truthfulness.An Aubade
-Gayathri B. Seetharam
I listen to the chirping sparrows
And feel that there is joy in the air
The dawn of a new day
Brings with it the sight of a new horizon
Or a better definition of the old one;
I see the white veiled young girl with the woman's body
Myself in my 4th grade as a pretend Christian bride
Giving a speech which
Bespoke of the day of yore
That valued its children and youth
And encouraged a literate and an educated society;
That young girl who is, of course, me
Found love and my beloved(s)
For I refer to both my husband and son
I find that in a more generic way of waking up to the dawn
I must follow Swami Vivekananda's advice:
Arise, Awake and Stop not till you reach your goals;
As I write this poetic aubade
I am reminded of your beautiful serenade of love
On my birthday in our second year of marriage, my dear husband,
You had a violinist present to me a bouquet of red roses with lady's lace
And play a lovely piece of music to me
While being surrounded by loving friends
And while you were busy at work;
You have always been a role model
In my feminist aspirations
And a day full of happy love and sunshine
Following the dawning sunrise and the chirping birds
Would be an accompaniment to my singing heart.The impatient fire licks over the horizon
chasing the blanket of darkness
It creeps through the cracks in the shutters
alighting on hollowness
a painting of manufactured love
hung crookedly, concealing a couple,
paired for mere warmth.
Turn back the clock to midnight –
like beasts, they mate,
candlelight the only spark.
And in this vast, empty
silence
the sound of latex splitting.
Sunrise finds
no star-crossed lovers
yet her body has been granted a gift
No pause to question, the powder-white tablet slips
down
down
down
to extinguish the flame that had begun to burn.The Holm tree pinned me down,
Its twigs and leaves like tears
Streaking my face
And the pain, like the whole world
On top of me, only a Holm tree.
And I listened overseas to the pulp
Plantations, the dying cry of conifers.
I felt too late that sickly despair,
A vibrant sense of vengeance in the air.So beautifully you sleep in my dreams today,
But like everyday, the dawn will take you away,
And leave me all alone for yet another day.
So, won't you put the flowers from the bouquet,
Once more, just like the olden days, in your hair,
And let them adorn you, before you go away?
I will live, waiting for another night, another day,
But these flowers will die if you don't stay,
Leave me, but take the flowers with you,
Unlike me, they cannot live without you.Worship this world of watercolor mood
in glass pagodas hung with veils of green
where diamonds jangle hymns within the blood
and sap ascends the steeple of the vein.
A saintly sparrow jargons madrigals
to waken dreamers in the milky dawn,
while tulips bow like a college of cardinals
before that papal paragon, the sun.
Christened in a spindrift of snowdrop stars,
where on pink-fluted feet the pigeons pass
and jonquils sprout like solomon's metaphors,
my love and I go garlanded with grass.
Again we are deluded and infer
that somehow we are younger than we were.Day and night
our hearts beat,
arteries, veins pulse
breath swells our ardent lungs
and we live!
Oh, hear how the morning dove moans
in the pale early light;
wander with me
with open arms,
embrace the radiant eye.
Our love grows
as slowly
we rise.Mere d'Amour, Venus la belle,
Que n'as tu mis en ta tutelle
Du beau may le mois vigoureux?
Si l'avril a pris ton coeur tendre,
Au moins ton fils Amour dust prendre
Du doux May le temps amoureux.
May, qui non seulement devance,
Avril en douceur et plaisance,
Mais qui seul encore vaut mieux
Que tout le reste que l'an dure,
Gâté de chaud ou de froidure,
Tant tu es doux et gracieux;
May, le plus beau moys de l'année,
Montre la teste couronnée
D'un printemps dodorantes fleurs,
Mene ta bande d'alegresse,
Le Ris, le Jeu et la Jeunesse:
Chasse le soin et les douleurs.
Bien qu'Avril de Venus se loue,
Qui le celebre et qui l'avoue,
Si le surpasses tu d'autant
Que le bouton clos de la rose
Est moindre que la rose éclose
Qui sa fleur au soleil étand;
D'autant que la frelle esperance
Est moindre que la jouissance,
Entre deux amans bien apris;
D'autant que ma dame surpasse
Parfète en toute bonne grace,
Les beautés de plus rare prix.Carnival of wonders
Marketing in dreams
Venders of miracles
Bazaar magic and nonsense
Market of the Faeries
Casting through the chimes
And cries
Exotic smells
Strange faces
He found her
And she gave him a flower
And stole a kiss
Promised him everything
Gave him his Heart's Desire
All he had to do was hoot
Like a little owl
And the meadow made a bed
And the stars were a room
And she gave him things he'd never had before
And the exotic girl a slave
Whom his love could not free
She held him spell bound
And the night was wrapped in gasping breaths
The heat of kisses
The salt of tears
And two people so close they took the space of one
The heavens glittered
And the starlight sang
Soft hands roamed along free expanses
And they lay together quietly
For a while
Then the world woke around them
And the silk of her raiment once more covered her
Lavender eyes closed a final time
The last of the blackberry kisses
And she stole back to the caravan
While he was left to wonder
If she had ever really been there
While he was left to wonder
On faraway places
And magic never dreamed ofAt the window a yellow weaver twitters
while in the early morning I long for you,
it sounds to me like a senseless rant
but I notice one hanging upside-down at a nest
and at your window I also want to sing a song of praise,
early when the morning-red appears the first time,
with the dew bring my sincere love to you
and amaze you with depth and beauty.
I see the morning star and moon hanging low,
when dumbfounded I think about you as a woman,
both are so bright and pretty blue-white
while my prayers and thoughts do go to you
and when the morning does swallow the wind,
I do want to embrace you tightly.
© Gert StrydomBig sun already, fourth of July; waves
of heat creasing vision; scent
of magnolia strong-arms the yard;
exhausted zinnias buckle under.
Huge morning wanders my way,
familiar, supple; I know its swathe
and waste, its storm-cowl
hung on the horizon.
Some memories you wear like a locket.
It's heartless, though,
this imageless gravity of home,
this savage lodestone.The dusk prolonged her day.
The sky had wept amazed.
The pitch she tend to stay:
Her gun she sprayed a waste.
Then comes the sun in harms,
To squeeze the dusk in arms.
She saw the pair and flee,
Her heels she lent the art:
Afraid of all his acts.- - -
The dawn then takes the pitch.
18: 03: 10: 16: 28'Command your ass away,
Get the off and let your soul be gone,
Thy rent is due, find your way,
This by heart and act's not a fun':
The dawn had howled at the dusk,
Who had stayed through skinning the 'phant to it's tusk.
Though indifferent, she wouldn't go.
But a wave devising evil than the East's,
Plucked off all her teeth.- - -
The dawn then mend a blow.
18: 03: 10: 16: 42The land rejoiced and laughed,
Daffoldils hopped for Joy.
To The remonstrating trees, was contentment served,
All pleasantries to all pair coiled.
The cloud swathed in radiance,
Graced was the hay's countenance.
The scent of birds unveiled.
The sycamore liberatingly yawned,
All nature take leisure turn after turn - -
The dawn arrived their will.
18: 03: 10: 17: 08migrations of the monarch or the amber ambient suns
that's you on the path where the bright leaves scatter
with your plaid lunch box, your plaid dress too
and new penny happy on your way to school,
to the farther land of stories. you may go
through gates without number in the unseen
thinking it's everyone feels this way
when the moon sways, Mother-Of-Pearl
between the minor branches
singing the shadows of leaves
or at home, with your honeycombed
toast and cocoa where the big picture
window smells like cold when you put your nose to it,
streaked with the dews
and suddenly it's Christmas you're
purely in love with:
the Royal reds and the greens heralding
the straw roofed nativity brought
down from the attic
and green is the very fragrance of Christmas
greenery and of a wondering sheen,
the linen skies that whisper 'snow'
in your dreams and the flecked
tissue of a school costume.
later you learn the histories of the world.
but they will pale before these
maple avenues that you will keep
in ever cherishing conspiration:
you! and God's best angels,
oblivious through Time
to the pursed, sorry ravages of sleep:
shine and Shine in the
glitter of the far-away afternoons and the wind-stirred:
pristine, so many years after...
mary angela douglas 12 august 2015The morning is new and the skies are fresh washed with light,
The day cometh in with the sun and I awake laughing.
Hasten, belov`ed!
For see, while you were yet sleeping
The cool and virgin feet of dawn went soundless over grey meadows,
And the earth is requickened under her touch.
The vision that came with gradual steps departeth in an instant;
Hasten, let it be unbeheld of your eyes.The ambience of night creeps and swirls
in a haze through me, to sift and curl
in your ear as you drift into quiet
darkness, when I recognise it,
its qualming tones, for what it is,
and it holds me pinned in its icy hizz,
its nauseous waves of arrhythmia;
then I wake up in a clapped-out Kia
or junked Skoda in a car park,
blown litter sounding sinister in the dark,
and I fly for a nearby wood of yews
tweeting where are you, I have been true,
and how I miss the brightness,
wild strawberries, fresh watercress,
for here grow only yew berries and yew
needles and I'm failing to
follow the thread as I'm thrown
by winds over vacant city zones,
valleys of ice, razor mountains,
as if the earth had eaten the heavens,
gnawed to bone all I had known,
and I fly over dry reservoirs, blown
electrical grids, ash-covered campuses,
back to the yews dark as molasses
bristling in the wind like the pelt
of something surviving while rain welts
my skin, clouds expectorate,
and I hear the waves crunch and grate
a song of ice and salt darkness coming through—
if you wake up tomorrow it cannot be youI know my leaving in the breakfast table mess.
Bowl spills into bowl: milk and bran, bread crust
crumbled. You push me back into bed.
More "honey" and "baby."
Breath you tell my ear circles inside me,
curls a damp wind and runs the circuit
of my limbs. I interrogate the air,
smell Murphy's Oil Soap, dog kibble.
No rose. No patchouli swelter. And your mouth—
sesame, olive. The nudge of your tongue
behind my top teeth.
To entirely finish is water entering water.
Which is the cup I take away?
More turning me. Less your arms reaching
around my back. You ask my ear
where I have been and my body answers,
all over kingdom come.As I would free the white almond from the green husk
So I would strip your trappings off,
Beloved.
And fingering the smooth and polished kernel
I should see that in my hands glittered a gem beyond counting.For Piet Piryns
We talk until we see the morning double.
The bar is spinning from the cigarettes.
A dishcloth on the tap is wrung and sleepy.
"If I knew who I was, I wouldn't be me."
We make our way with straight backs to the toilet.
Ah, l'orgasme du pauvre… The river runs dry.
The front door yawns about the morning paper.
Another man's impersonating death.
Ah, friendship's demented reign of terror!
Few dare to raise their voice against the heavens,
many will see the sparrow fall and not reach out their arms
(although the barmaid with the dimples has her charms).
We'll take our knives to the wind that blows her any harm!
And now we've nothing else to do, let's raise a hollow glass to the mothers
we bury deeper and deeper in the iron anecdotes of childhood,
remembering with a smile that wasted longing for a South
beneath the silver clouds, iconostasis of these steaming lands…
And to our fathers, murdered so much more than necessary!
"I've written a book, but I haven't read it."
"No one told us who we were."
We scrape our hearts out till they're empty.
We mumble like Jews.
The day is white as dough.
I stare with stinging eyes
at the gods' gold watch,
hung between the fraying clouds:
the time is three thousand years in Europe.Dawn has just
broken and
I’m sitting reading
the early morning
paper with my
coffee when Bambi
appears in the
kitchen doorway.
“This isn’t working out, ”
she says, “I’m leaving.”
“What’s not working
out? ” I say.
“This, ” she says.
“This what? ”
“This relationship.”
“I don’t get it, ” I say.
“Isn’t it obvious, Josh? ”
she says.
“Not to me, it isn’t.”
“Well, ” she says,
“it’s pretty
clear to me.”
I say, “But, last night
was our first date.”
“So what? ” she says.
“Well, ” I say, “did I
do, or say
something that
upset you? ”
“No, ” she says,
“It’s not you;
it’s me.”
“Yes, of course, ” I say,
that makes sense.”
“Why? ’ she says, her
voice rising,
“do you think there’s
something wrong
with me? ”
“Heck no, Bambi, ” I say,
'there must be
something
wrong with me.”
“Of course, she says,
that’s why I’m leaving.”
“Mind explaining
what it is? ” I say.
“Cut it out, Josh, ”
she says, “as if you
didn’t know.”
“I don’t, honestly.” I say,
“is it my inheritance? ”
“What inheritance? ”
she says in a much
softer tone.
“I don’t like talking about
it, ” I say, “but I’m the only
heir to an enormous
family fortune.”
“I didn’t know that, ” she says.
“Well, ” I say, “I don’t boast
about it.  I want people
to like me for who I am, and
not for my multi-billion
dollar consortiums.”
“I’m so sorry, ” she says,
“I didn’t mean to be
rude.  I drank too
much last night and
I’m not myself this
morning.”
“No need to apologize, ”
I say, “I know how
enormous wealth
can make some girls
uncomfortable.
Your decision, I’m sure,
will prove beneficial
to us both.  Goodbye,
Bambi, it’s been fun.
You can see yourself out.”
“Can we go out again? ” she says.
“I don’t know, Bambi, ” I say,
“I think excessive wealth
might be too stressful
for you.  I’ll see you around
the office.”
She leaves without saying
goodbye.
I tidy up the opulent
apartment I'm house-sitting
for my boss and smile
all the way back to my
roach-infested room
above a Deli on
West Thirty-Fourth Street
and jot down this poem.My love,
you have the right to remain
.......silent. Anything you say
can and will be recorded
.......in my pillow. If you desire,
you may request a transcript
.......of every crushed feather.
You have that right, too.
.......Knowing
and understanding these
.......rights as I sing them,
are you willing to answer
.......without a moon present?
Put your hands in the air
.......and walk toward me.
Tell me what you know.Darkness submits and day is borne
Shrouded mist engulfs the morn
Stillness echoes through the air
Silence screams beyond compare
Dewdrops crash against the ground
Earths scented smells, so profound
Sunbeams glint from high above
Wisps of cloud fit like a glove
Whispering breeze of senses rife
Unfolding morn, awakens life
Copyright Brian Peza Perrins 2009Aubade
A word lost in time
Unlike its cousin
Serenade
Aubade, morning song
Serenade evening song
Why did Serenade survive?
The word evokes images
Of a lovestruck young man
Vocalizing his desire
To a young maiden all aglow
At eventide
Dawn presents another picture
An individual again at song
But with a different audience
Not a person but the environment
Perhaps we need to resume the practice
Fill our lungs
Sing out aloud our own joy
At yet another day
Another dawn with sun ablaze
Another day with possibilities abloom
Around 2000
note: I have been entrusted with the poems of Caitlin (a dead poet)
If you wish to reprint or use this work, or are interested in publishing rights for other works of this poet
please contact me through the message system of poemhunter.comThe wheels of the trolley squeak.
Her large green suitcase is lopsided,
And those on top are stuck with the trend.
She keeps her face turned towards sunrise
as we try to outdistance the disease
terminal by terminal,
but the trembling shoulders and sniffling give her away.
There's no conversation in the coffee shop,
just her occasional glance of pleading eyes
for me to say the words I never will.
Two curly-haired toddlers come to our table,
airport rent-a-kids playing with Smurf key rings
a game that is spontaneous,
a game without the pomp of rules,
smiling up at us as fingers fidget,
approval-seeking from familiar strangers,
a gesture born to be unborn,
their parents a few places back bleary-eyed, munching on bagels.
I guess sleepless nights and nappies take their toll,
thereafter, the never-ending whys,
a swim against the current and the school,
indigestion of cognitive dissonance,
loaves and fishes alongside arithmetic.
Even angels lose their charm.
Before the check-in desk I interrogate her competence:
"Now ye have your passport?
And your tickets?
Ye didn't forget anything, did ye? "
But I shut up when I realize it's more the voice of a mother,
any mother,
and I see her crying once again.
How quickly hot tears lose their heat!
Perhaps gravity increases the surface area,
coupled with skin that tries to reabsorb what's being lost.
And she, taking off her jacket, unbuckling her belt,
disappeared behind a stack of dull trays
because I didn't want to,
because I couldn't,
use that negative imperative:
Don't go, Lucia!
Hey....Don't go.At dawn this song of love is sung,
A sweet Serenade carressing, a beauties eardrum,
Lost within the sweeness of this melody,
we slowly slip in and out of reality,
More than mere clothes shall come undone,
Words are left to be pondered, and replayed,
A repition of my Crimson heart beat.
At dawn this Song of love is sung,
A sweet serenade, carressing a beauties eardrum,
A faint tinge of blood rushes to her cheeks,
Love dost touch the faint color from the heart,
Marks upon the mind are made,
from the gentle notes of this serenade.JANE, Jane,
Tall as a crane,
The morning light creaks down again;
Comb your cockscomb-ragged hair,
Jane, Jane, come down the stair.
Each dull blunt wooden stalactite
Of rain creaks, hardened by the light,
Sounding like an overtone
From some lonely world unknown.
But the creaking empty light
Will never harden into sight,
Will never penetrate your brain
With overtones like the blunt rain.
The light would show (if it could harden)
Eternities of kitchen garden,
Cockscomb flowers that none will pluck,
And wooden flowers that 'gin to cluck.
In the kitchen you must light
Flames as staring, red and white,
As carrots or as turnips shining
Where the cold dawn light lies whining.
Cockscomb hair on the cold wind
Hangs limp, turns the milk's weak mind . . .
Jane, Jane,
Tall as a crane,
The morning light creaks down again!Stars, fading fast
behind the sun's morning sheen,
shine a little extra light
on us, before we part.
In time, our love
will burn up our lives,
and return to you a tiny measure
of the light we borrowed today.For Joshua Mehigan
These are the dawn thoughts of an atheist
Vaguely embarrassed by what looks like grace:
Though colors don't objectively exist,
And have no form, and occupy no space,
So that the carpet's sumptuous dyes must make
Bold arabesques untrue as Santa Claus,
And all Matisse's pigments are a fake
Fobbed off on us by intellectual laws,
And neither Fauve nor Esfahan survive
The deconstructed physics of our seeing –
Still we consent, and actively connive
In their unreal adjustments to our being.
So the thin rhetoric we use to cope
With being so peculiarly here,
Which cannot but be based on baseless hope
And self-constructed images of fear,
Serves to interpret what we are, although
We hesitate to say that what it says
Refers to anything that we could know
Beyond the mind's perpetual paraphrase . . .
And sensing that no quiddity remains
Outside the island sorceries of sense
(Queen Circe's simulacra in our brains
That make and unmake all experience)
Still, still we long for Light's communion
To pierce and flood our solitary gloom:
Still I am grateful as the rising sun
Picks out the solid colors of my roomAs golden flowers; pure and bright
give birth to the sun with gilded light;
and flowing springs in turmoil sway
blossom into the heat of gentle day;
then through the trees, as bluebirds sing
the purpled leaves in breeze they fling.
Rise, rise; yellow waves, arise!
Through cloud and sky, their cupped hands thinned;
yellow waves, arise!
And on the leaves with pearl-dropp gleams
lay tears of the rain like sweet-laid dreams;
as onto morning, from dew stained pond
croak frogs of the green in notes that bond;
then on the trees, as bluebirds shiver
and wind blows loud, the branches quiver.
Rise, rise; yellow waves, arise!
Through cloud and sky, their cupped hands thinned;
yellow waves, arise!There's loneliness and there's this—
an unfrequented song, a startling voice
across years. A shifting position, hymn
from the hard bench, sharp something in
there, glass-glinted. If the movement
of trees in the weather front were enough.
If the notes were off-pitch but piercing
(which they are) as birdcall across
the stirring hour. In the woods,
a rustling of creatures we have no
idea of. Outcrops of limestone, wet leaves
lush and deadly. There's a time for killing,
some tell us, in the corner
of the who-knows-whereabouts. Everywhere,
the roadside lilies in thick morning
dew open orange and in numbers, one
after the other. Sun so strange it's as
though our looking, for a time, is first.for Andrew Joron
the desire to show is destruction
in lessons forgot before learned
no shrunken heads hang by wires
no mourning songs of half-remembered
shutters open the width of an eyelash
it is enough for vision to run
its finger along, for access to steal
from forbidden shores the still-cold
beams of night and pack them in ice
but a child couldn't live here nonetheless
in the morning is come a bell that summons
a fortune that reads she will soon
cross the water and the intended instructions
which may not florish after all
she leaves a painting outside her room
and in the morning it's gone
and not one word is spoke between them
but her father carries it to his grave
the desire to show is destruction
and we are not hung with skins
we must follow internal echoes
commit ourselves to memoryEarly morning, even before sunrise
I hear the birds sing, some of them cry
or sit chattering
feeding in the berry-trees
while in the distance neighbours
open gates, talk and greet, drive off in cars
with lights sneaking past
and dogs barking their goodbyes.
A little later the black-collard barbet
or some green weavers
knock on my windowpanes
seeing themselves mirrored
while the sun throws
pink, orange and orange-red rays
and the freshness of the new day
breezes in through the open window.
In time the heavy curtains will become light
and the darkness in the room
will be disappearing turning to its own dusk
and outside the day will be bright
fulfilling the promise of a new day.Mornings are for prayers
And silky rays
of sunshine
Peeking over the mountain range
Mornings are for Jacks
Bounding over the desert sand
And for Coyotes retreating
To the far off hills
Mornings are for doves
Cooing on the telephone wires
And the quail bunched together
Moving their tiny feet impossibly fast
Mornings are for clear blue skies
And the  Santanas scented breezes
Gently moving the leaves on the
Creosote and the Desert Willow
Mornings are a renewal of life
One more chance to make things right
With the maker
Of all things
February 25 2016
Twenty Nine Palms California.Awake! the dawn is on the hills!
Behold, at her cool throat a rose,
Blue-eyed and beautiful she goes,
Leaving her steps in daffodils.-
Awake! arise! and let me see
Thine eyes, whose deeps epitomize
All dawns that were or are to be,
O love, all Heaven in thine eyes!-
Awake! arise! come down to me!
Behold! the dawn is up: behold!
How all the birds around her float,
Wild rills of music, note on note,
Spilling the air with mellow gold.-
Arise! awake! and, drawing near,
Let me but hear thee and rejoice!
Thou, who keep'st captive, sweet and clear,
All song, O love, within thy voice!
Arise! awake! and let me hear!
See, where she comes, with limbs of day,
The dawn! with wild-rose hands and feet,
Within whose veins the sunbeams beat,
And laughters meet of wind and ray.
Arise! come down! and, heart to heart,
Love, let me clasp in thee all these-
The sunbeam, of which thou art part,
And all the rapture of the breeze!-
Arise! come down! loved that thou art!Wrapped futilely
in the realm of beauty sleep –
dawn rarely dawns on me.
Long after the appointed hour,
the room is thunder-black -
draw back the curtains.
The sky has lost
its breathing space –
choked by the clouds,
voluptuously hanging
in their mourning drapes –
symbolic of a troubled world.
I sigh, and seek
the duvet’s solace –
for me the day
has not yet quite begun.
(26 October 2006)The gentle rain these sad gardens drink
To the harbour beyond goes home again,
As street lamps and orange foglights prink
The gentle rain.
The vast bridge alone no night could stain,
But grey did subsume the sunset's pink,
And it shrouds even now the dawning's gain.
Across the harbour the city lights wink,
The link of gold in a priceless chain,
As leadened here we watch on silver's brink
The gentle rain.
(This is a roundel, a form invented by Swinburne)It's chilly. Behind the blind (if we could view it)
the sky's a murky midnight blue
and cirrhus-streaked, with few
if any, stars shining through it;
till on comes the yellow-pink dispute
of dark and quickening light
that even the tightest lid cannot refute,
and with surprising logic, light outreasons
dark.Through the dusty louvers the sun tries
its lever of incandescent light.
Between my lids it pries and pries
urging Awaken! , or, if you prefer, Get up!
Eyed wide, one could see it hurtling in at
well, just the speed of light, but shut
one can feel its pulse, nevertheless, for as gas has mass,
Light definitely has heft,
and at my lids, like a jilted friend
or a creditor, raps and raps. Where
is it now, my dream, warmly affable, that lately
swang (astride its hippogriff)   me from the rainbow's end
to fields Elysian; and that, offended,
dove back down its cloudy burrow
Gone like a weasel's tail, like the bluish snake, that long ago
upon a certain hour, swam between my feet
and beyond, trembling the unkempt lawn.
Where is that dream I need to recall
to share with therapist, friend, or
anyone wishing to hear and share?
Gone, gone, and gone
as when in the pre-dawn air
potter's pictures, jostled, disappear-
shattering the pot with the potter.Ta délicieuse altesse
Veut-elle accepter mon bras ?
Nous irons où tu voudras ;
Tout avec toi m’est liesse ;
Tu verras comme aujourd’hui
Le ciel est épanoui
Et plein de délicatesse.
Tout semble bon à manger ;
Dans l’air amoureux et moite
Quelques nuages d’ouate
Floconnent, troupeau léger
Qui traîne sa marche lente
Sous la garde vigilante
D’un invisible berger.
Ouvre tes claires mirettes,
Mes deux étoiles du jour ;
Et regarde tout autour
De toi ces blanches fleurettes :
On ne sait pas tout d’abord
Si c’est de la neige encor,
Ou déjà les pâquerettes.
C’est le Printemps. Ô printemps !
Aux tempes toujours fleuries ;
Je l’entends dans les prairies
Rire avec toutes ses dents,
Ô vieillard à barbe blonde,
Aussi ridé que le monde,
As-tu donc toujours vingt ans ?Train chuffing, prayer in the mosque, milkman's calling,
Albarado playing, slumberous moans,  water running, ,
Newspaper tumbling, , eggs frying, phones ringing,
Crows cawing, hymns chanting, leaves rustling,
These are the beautiful sounds of early morning.
Glasses clinking, breaking news, women praying,
Birds chirping, old lady sweeping, joggers mumbling,
Alarms chiming, toilets flushing, babies wailing,
Peaceful, melancholy, matinal silence
These are the beautiful sounds of early morningScintillas of the anatomical
on the vines, buds opening—
make me a figure
for the woken.
On the vines, buds opening—
blue, little throats.
For the woken,
this different tin sky.
Blue, little throats
speak to me in the right voice.
This different tin sky,
the playground thawing.
Speak to me in the right voice,
only clean, sweeter.
The playground thawing
into its primary colors.
Only clean, sweeter,
briary as honeysuckle,
into their primary colors
the words come: bitter, astral.
Briar—as honeysuckle,
as attic webs, constellated
into their primary colors.
White, or whiter.
The words come: bitter, astral.
Make me a figure,
blue little throats,
scintillas of the anatomical.THE lark now leaves his wat'ry nest,
And climbing shakes his dewy wings.
He takes this window for the East,
And to implore your light he sings--
Awake, awake! the morn will never rise
Till she can dress her beauty at your eyes.
The merchant bows unto the seaman's star,
The ploughman from the sun his season takes,
But still the lover wonders what they are
Who look for day before his mistress wakes.
Awake, awake! break thro' your veils of lawn!
Then draw your curtains, and begin the dawn!Mystical Morning Song came whispering
It's melodious rhythmic sounds
For the spring time lays in the Garden's
Of lovers floral bouquet abed in the ground
Waiting for your happiness in your love to grow
You continue to wonder in absolute awe
While prolonging whispers of lover's musical breeze
That embraces The Spring and welcomes Winter's thaw
The warmth of the sun rays come in loves burning
Filling all nature and you with serene
Allowing all new Spring buds of love to open
Tantalizing aroma's of new memories to be made
Come the Mystical Morning Song Spring
Dedicated to: Jeri, Aka, Morning Song
With love
A Morning song is an Aubade
Or the regret of lovers that Dawn
Has come too soon
il n'est mie jors,
Saverose au corps gent
Si me consent Dieus
L'aloete nos ment
Transalation:
It is not daylight
O sweet one with the gentle body
So God help me
The Lark lies to us
(-Provencal, twelfth or Thirteenth Century)All dawns begin gray.  Clouded,
clear, they all start like this one,
God unsure how he wants the day
till the light brushes his leg
then plumps down on the horizon
hard, daysleeping like a fed animal.
Today, my mind finally dried,
filling with sharp-scented
geraniums.  We rose together
from clean sheets, able at last
to shrug out of our coats of rain.
The water had beaded on our
arm hairs for years, left patterns
that beetled and crawled like bad
wallpaper.  The great spinning
moodwheel skidded by angry
and stuck teetering on placid
as we plonked down butter dishes,
jam jars, and still smoking plates
of toast.  We just knew the old
water was walking back up
the drainpipes.  The window blinds
lifted themselves, and we ate
before our neighbors with the raw
pride of new wealth.  Change
evidenced itself, not in the grass,
but in the cracked ground deluge
had strained, now dry as the headlines
we read.  Liquidambar bequeathed us
its maced seedballs; and our lawn,
the tracks from what only looked like
the footprints of neighborhood kids.Lathe of the ocean. Perpetual
Motion machine of the waves. Everything still
Being turned and shaped to a shape nobody
Foresees: Ten years ago, was it, when we
Walked that shore, too earnest and sheepish
To hold hands? The wind cutting through our clothes
Cleansed and burned, the chill off the Atlantic
An ache we courted in our dumbstruck talk:
Callow, expectant, what wouldn't love give?
Cavalcanti's ray from Mars, Dante's wheel that moves
The planets and the stars, how nervous
We were, awkward and shivering: "Like this,
Do you like it like this?" Up all night,
Then waking to the smell of flannel and sweat,
We lay grateful, winded, goosefleshed in the chill,
Our own atmosphere rich and breathable:
We drank round the clock, embracing extremes,
Too hurried and heartsore to think of time…
Out fishing after midnight, we watched schools of squid
Slide and shimmer, tentacles tight-wrapped
Around our gig's hooks: Yanked from the water,
They spouted jets of ink, then pulsed and quivered
And faded to dead-white, their eyes, resigned and sober,
Opening wider and wider…Ten years more,
And will either of us remember
That ink sticky on our hands, the moon-glare
Rippling as we knelt underneath the pier
And scrubbed and scrubbed our hands in the dark water?Deşteaptă-te, iubita mea,
Căci zorile-s acum pe cer
Şi eu `n genunchi naintea ta
O sărutare voi să-ţi cer …
Deşteaptă-te şi vino-n crâng
Să-l vezi tu cât e de frumos,
Iar eu în braţe-mi să te strâng
La poala teiului umbros.
Deşteaptă-te, căci în curând
Frumosul soare-al primăverii
Trezeşte lumea pe pământ
Şi-alungă farmecul tăcerii.There is nothing waiting at end of night,
Merely the onset of regular day,
Practiced routines pawned off in the light.
Dreams suddenly unknown slip out of sight,
Hurrying from the stage as if in a play,
There is nothing waiting at end of night.
Now the morning folds over pale and bright,
Bringing once more a familiar way,
Practiced routines pawned off in the light.
Outside the sky like a migraine glares white,
Discharged from sleep and impressed here to stay.
There is nothing waiting at end of night.
Get up, get up, for the time is now right
To start anew your ritual dismay,
Practiced routines pawned off in the light.
Awakened you fall as from a great height
And the black nocturnal vault fades to gray,
There is nothing waiting at end of night,
Practiced routines pawned off in the light.That sycamore leaf! I knew it fell
Upon my heart as well
As on the head of my dear May,
And I have brooded all the night
In fear I would be left alone
With all my thoughts as cold as stone,
Fancying what words to say.
But with the blessed gift of light
The faint delusions passed away,
I raised the casement to the thrill
Of morn, a bird upon the sill
Alit and sang a song so gay,
Its echo follows, follows still:
So all night's phantoms fly with day.THE lark now leaves his wat'ry nest,
And climbing shakes his dewy wings.
He takes this window for the East,
And to implore your light he sings-
Awake, awake! the morn will never rise
Till she can dress her beauty at your eyes.
The merchant bows unto the seaman's star,
The ploughman from the sun his season takes;
But still the lover wonders what they are
Who look for day before his mistress wakes.
Awake, awake! break thro' your veils of lawn!
Then draw your curtains, and begin the dawn!Hours before dawn we were woken by the quake.
My house was on a cliff. The thing could take
Bookloads off shelves, break bottles in a row.
Then the long pause and then the bigger shake.
It seemed the best thing to be up and go.
And far too large for my feet to step by.
I hoped that various buildings were brought low.
The heart of standing is you cannot fly.
It seemed quite safe till she got up and dressed.
The guarded tourist makes the guide the test.
Then I said The Garden? Laughing she said No.
Taxi for her and for me healthy rest.
It seemed the best thing to be up and go.
The language problem but you have to try.
Some solid ground for lying could she show?
The heart of standing is you cannot fly.
None of these deaths were her point at all.
The thing was that being woken he would bawl
And finding her not in earshot he would know.
I tried saying half an hour to pay this call.
It seemed the best thing to be up and go.
I slept, and blank as that I would yet lie.
Till you have seen what a threat holds below,
The heart of standing is you cannot fly.
Tell me again about Europe and her pains,
Who's tortured by the drought, who by the rains.
Glut me with floods where only the swine can row
Who cuts his throat and let him count his gains.
It seemed the best thing to be up and go.
A bedshift flight to Far Eastern sky.
Only the same war on a stronger toe.
The heart of standing is you cannot fly.
Tell me more quickly what I lost by this,
Or tell me with less drama what they miss
Who call no die a god for a good throw,
Who say after two aliens and one kiss
It seemed the best thing to be up and go.
But as to risings, I can tell you why.
It is on contradiction that they grow.
It seemed the best thing to be up and go.
Up was the heartening and strong reply.
The heart of standing is we cannot fly.HARK! hark! the lark at heaven's gate sings,
And Phoebus 'gins arise,
His steeds to water at those springs
On chaliced flowers that lies;
And winking Mary-buds begin
To ope their golden eyes:
With everything that pretty bin,
My lady sweet, arise!
Arise, arise!Heaven forbid, I may have loved
More entirely than the sea of true calm
And steely ember firing the heraldry.
Her heart is a tempestuous place
Aghast, the asphyxiating wind cleaves athwart
And the noon-time shrill
Compared to a lovely somersaulting eve
Of love and ivory;
I am saved - my soul clenches
To delve within its only verve
As the blood of its iron-willed ocean
Splurges all over the serrated grass;
You rest your head upon the shoreline's crystal
Fleet, the slow passing of the waves
The transient sifting of the wind through
The speck of sand and the dunes of time
I sing the aubade.
Rest in here, love
You are a flame far-fetched
A smolder too clear like the silver-thread
Of a petulant bloom in the zephyr's affable bluster
I take not, the long list upon the water in your blunders -
Lend me a morning bent to the careen of the forked night,
And I will utter these silent providences, the florid lights:
I am a perpetual trellis to ward off the vicissitude
That stalks the tapestry in a bastion of stone-clad ardour.
Watch the maladroit pangs of the pendulum swing
As the morose night ebbs into a nebulously singeing dawn and sonata
If the heavens think it blossomy like the susurration of
The exploding drunkenness trapped in the fringes of the garden's spite,
Then let it be that I revel as the heavens forbade
That I sing to you from dawn to dusk, this amaranthine aubade.Here within this cherry grove
all is fragrant, clean and clear
Morning from her belvedere
scatters cherry petals over
freshly minted lawns.
I send my branching thoughts of love
through the petal-vivid air
through the shining cherry grove
over sea and land to where
lay wind-awakened you.
Now when the May with manna shines
upon the gardens and the grass
you cannot help but here them pass
you cannot help but hear my rhymes'
melodious lament.
And I within the cherry grove
will listen in the petal rain
fro home returning thoughts of love
reflected this-away, again
if only it were true
if only it were true.So that each
is its own, now—each has fallen, blond stillness.
Closer, above them,
the damselflies pass as they would over water,
if the fruit were water,
or as bees would, if they weren't
somewhere else, had the fruit found
already a point more steep
in rot, as soon it must, if
none shall lift it from the grass whose damp only
softens further those parts where flesh
goes soft.
There are those
whom no amount of patience looks likely
to improve ever, I always said, meaning
gift is random,
assigned here,
here withheld—almost always
correctly
as it's turned out: how your hands clear
easily the wreckage;
how you stand—like a building for a time condemned,
then deemed historic. Yes. You
will be saved.'Love is not mere emotion or sentiment. It is the lucid and ardent response of the whole man.' Thomas Merton
Waves of grey light
wash over our small valley.
Cool morning
sea-born breeze prevails
for now.
High-toned birds wait
for the golden sun to ignite
our swaying trees.
Only in the darker eves
do I hear the mourning dove's
steady moan.
In silver-blue tones,
he bids his love
awake!Morning fog
caressed
my winter tears
as unseen geese
(noisy gaggle)
crossed the opaque sky.
Things well hidden
confuse
my fragile faith,
so when bright, piercing rays
broke through
this lonely vale of tears
I thought it was only the sun
not the golden light,
desire of my fleeting years.Everywhere I go
I am buckled by sorrows
weeping like executioners
in hooded doorways
for the harvest of doves
they’ve bloodied
with their smiles,
for the ruined roses
that stain the hospital gowns
of soft-spoken guillotines.
And when I ask
for the address
of a rumour of joy
that might risk
a cameo appearance in my heart,
I am caught in the traffic jam
of an outdoor movie
that is just another rerun
of misunderstood butterflies
draped in spider-webs.
And the restaurants are full
of lunar refugees
confessing the names of God
on a rosary of skulls
spooled from the mass graves
of irremedial exterminations;
and on the highways,
drug-soaked children,
famous among milk-cartons,
running from rescue
all the way to Calgary
with Eldorado serial killers
in cowboy hats.
I do not think I was born
to be happier
than any other man,
nor dance with rivers all my life
under the chandeliers
of waltzing willows,
I am content
to let the autumn stars
sugar the apples
and the wines of life
that have dreamed so long
of mystic bloodstreams
wake up from their coma
of midnight suns
to flirt with the morning curtains,
but everywhere I ask for water,
the odour of dogs
rotting in stairwells,
virulent mothers
blistering coke in baby spoons
and lonely adolescents
picking at the scabs
of their showcase labels
like empty whiskey bottles
cruising for flowers
on emergency fire-escapes.
And how could I ignore
the inconsolable clowns
in convulsions of grief,
and the reptilian angel-slayers
that rise from the depths
like snapping turtles
to unfeather the stupefied swans
as if they tore
the pages out of a book,
dragging the clouds down
into the hot mud
of ambiguous bottom feeders?
Everywhere the air
grows tumescent
on the yeasts of grief
and the planet groans
like a death-cart
full of starfish, full
of fractured wish-bones,
full of the severed hands
of TV amputees.
And I want to pay the late fees
on the lightning that struck
the horns of the snail
like a war-crime, I want
to green the emeralds again
that were bleached in a flash
by the physics of food, my heart
burns to proclaim to the tribunals
that reek of thick colognes
and pounds of atrocious innocence,
that humans were born
to see and be amazed,
that there are still plants
in the scalded jungles
that will come forward
like shy cures, and golden salamanders
that will give us back our legs and arms,
that we’re not just a necropolis
of flesh-eating bacteria,
that there are truths and beauties
and ethics of water
that aren’t just triumphal marches
under the arches of our vertebrae,
that there are gods at work
like tender waterlilies
transforming the swamp,
turning the shit back
into intimate constellations
that won’t dwarf the night
with staggering distances
or runt the wonder
of our brevity
with the unattainable radiance
of reversible wedding gowns.
I want to make it all better,
breeze the pain
with blue-eyed summers
from a cedar hope chest,
appease the hungry
with mountains of bread
ored from miraculous grains,
talk the bridges down
from their keystone suicides
by showing them what’s needed
to get to the other side;
do everything I can
to grant immunity
to the bloodbank
that cries constantly
under my window at night
for braver transfusions,
give up an eye if I must
to defray the cost
of blind justice,
do whatever it takes
to prune the hazardous stars
from the razorwire crowns
of our unexempted suffering.
But everywhere I go,
roadkill redirecting traffic,
arsonists in volunteer fire brigades
pissing on a field that’s burning,
closet terrorists in uniformed bomb squads,
defusing suspect shopping-malls,
computer-generated humans
mechanizing the rights of man,
soldiers safer in the army
than children in their beds,
leaders following the followers
in climacterics of lemmings,
the rich bitching the poor
are the reason they suffer,
deviants preaching deliverance
to delinquents on their knees,
free markets enslaving nations
to brand-names on demand,
banks robbing the wretched
to give to those with more,
genocide on probation
while murder goes to jail,
excellence cowed by fools
when ignorance runs in schools,
doctors despising health
as an obstacle to wealth.
Anyway, you get the picture.
When the fleas
train the tigers
to jump through fire
and the crows
coach the hawks
to look for silver,
or the avalanche
tells the mountain
where to stand
for a photo-op,
even if you feel,
even if the heart
bleeds like a blackberry
punctured by thorns,
and you’re up
to your neck
in a starless tarpit
darker than night,
and the bombs fall
like meteors like
the foundation stones
of crystal palaces,
is there a point
a pebble
an afterlife under
these quicksand pyramids,
these deserts in an hourglass,
this crack in the dawn
to build another world upon?Starry lace wraps
your sleeping face.
With passion
I watch over you
like the moon
drifting
to secret
rendezvous,
to the importunate sun,
who, with ardent speed,
rises in-
to the fiery
east!Aubade: Crowing In The Morn
You can see:
The morning breeze is blowing
Nature is rising
The sun will rise soon
The birds will start singing;
Let me crow first,
Let me call all first,
Let me be the morning bard.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │14 March,2018Our Boeing Lot slips through the wincing snow
delivering us back to what we don't quite know
is when or where, but strangely full of purpose:
Poland, a corner soul, the lost mnemonic point
that must be lived and throbbing busily between
a keen about to be what is and would have been,
seductive, snailing forward, justly out of joint:
a spot in time let free for bobbing on the surface,
as we work a frost-bit fall and then again a night
of skill to take it all on our agenda, set it right.
Safe landing on the tarmac gets a grand applause.
Our fellow-passengers awake, blink in a pause
What will a new day bring? We bus back, blitzed
by faddish ads- the half-American bombardments-
loaded with guide-books, aids to Polish grammar
steps up to our shoe-box-size osiedle apartments
into a Warzsawa flashing hoardings of reklama,
fumble in pockets in the dark- the key that fits,
mount the high stairs, summoned by pigeon calls
almost saluting ruinous, graffiti-spangled walls,
find in a stop-start century, competing to be best:
an imperfect present that we put off in The West;
act out the ceremonies we once felt out-of-date:
toast-master speeches, ballroom dancing, kissing
women on the hand, arranging marriages, bowed
weddings, wakes; stand neat in three-piece suit
fill in our flawed jig-saw gist of pieces missing
kitted in long gloves, cut flowers at a roman gate
sparkling in moon-glittered and confetti, snowed
out to unravel the full puzzle picture of our lives.as yet
not prescribing forgiveness
which cannot be administered
as nostrum but is rather
process
fermentation into
distillation
crud floating on
the bottom some to the top
but diffuse productions
of time tempering & heart-
wear rub
open in places
something ineffable
yet enters or emerges
transports (riding in
the back of a truck
a rutted road)as is
suggested recommended
to unexpected destination
FORGIVENESS
a surprise always one
may AHA in or wake up
into as if
as if out of a long
unconscious state
a distraction
or sleep
heart vehicle retread
ready for further slide
into 3rd or other high
gear in or with what
is unknown ahead but
secure sure traces w/
no rote map to guide
at the wheel at
last the boy asks
are we lost yet?
father in the passenger
seat rests easy
cogent again
again clear
points ahead
drive, he sez**A.M. Axe or adze? Blame the tang on Stelco.
A crow's shadow shoots
the full length of the black locust —
down, then right back up it again.
The dew already burnt off the carrots.
Dog's nose, or detonator tip
of an upturned shuttlecock like
something silo'd under the mown lawn.
Original Thingist, remember Texas?
Jackrabbits mimicking oil derricks, to less
effect, though they suffered the earth's shudders.
I just make it up —
cheap Cuervo, flea flickers in shopfront chapels, and
the tumoured bench seat of a Rambler with a history.
What if it's all meant to work
the way it's fashioned now, no
other binding property or force?
In the coming work stoppage, front-end
loaders will dragon off
to pick their teeth barracked in the municipal
pit. There's a food cache near
the tire swing. Crow knows you
know it knows you know.
When the prop shark died its tooth
became first talisman then decorative
then forensically interesting
in a two-part episode of Hoarders.
World-view of a killhorse, loosehorse,
not that you ever saw it coming
but you saw a Cassandra coming.
Quarter mile from the Polish men's choir
of frogs near a culvert, their kekking and blanging
bewilderment's agent on earth. Night's idiot
vestments now piled in the gorge. What
an accomplishment, the scarred softball!
Stand inside the dome
of sumac — what, phantom, do you feel?Hymn For Earning And Imparting Knowledge (Refrain In Aubade)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Deep darkness suppresses all lights
Frightens the existence,
But the fair souls glint
White rays come out,
Gradually white rays turn into red to raise lives around,
Soon the birds start singing,
Trees begin blossoming in breeze
Fragrances spread,
The surroundings call all,
"The sun will rise soon";
Let me get up, o, spouse!
See, enlightened the house;
I need
So much to read!
For learning and earning knowledge
To remove darkness first from me,
Then I should
So much to write! So much to teach! !
For imparting knowledge
To remove darkness from society;
But, sad! So sad!
I have so little time! So little time! !
With so many books! So many works! !
Let my lamenting win,
Let my shedding tears win,
Let me pray to Almighty Allah
For sharpening my brain;
Sharpening my mind;
Sharpening my eyes;
Sharpening my whole life.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │30 March,2018mispronounced
misinterpreted
didn't know there was a her
dawns, pink golden
steak and eggs
wrinkled silk
a slink with swagger
hotter coffee
no shower keep the fragrances a little longer
swarms of dreams.......or noneOnce in a field, in a wide rising stretch of paintbrush
& purple vetch, we stuck down
a tent, like punctuation, and drank through the evening
our bottle of bad wine. When you looked up,
the weather was holding: a few breezes,
a full moon silvering the flowers
to white. In the distance, I heard the ache
& slide of snow, the beginning of crickets. It was twilight—
the landscape was lifting.
•
A mountain. The clouds, further up,
came down. A Book of Hours. A tent in which we twisted,
pressed each against the other, drunk
and when I stepped out into the cool
moonlight, there was drifting through the watery
end of the meadow, a deer
pale beneath pines, beneath those soaring
darknessess. Then there was only darkness, the
idea of a deer.
Remember, I never wanted
to be alive, to have
an outline. Better, I knew, to slip
unheld, an opening into mist.I opened my shuttered window wide,
Hoping to soak up the colours outside
But to my utter dismay, I realized
That nature was not willing to oblige
For the morning was weeping
And so was I.(Aubade Poetry: Morning Starts To Me)
Morning starts to me
With singing the following piece of poetry:
Lots of works ─
I am going through working
How much for me is lotted,
Let my doings be well
As for me so for all;
Huge of foods ─
I am living through eating
How much for me is lotted,
Let my eating be legal
As for me so for my family members all;
Time is advancing
The nature, the earth, the universe are doing;
I am in motion, too
Things are happening,
Let me be on right path
With eternal truth.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │14 March,2018My song this morning as the sun rises
The gentle breezes wake the songbirds tune
I hope is gentle with no surprises.
Their songbird chirps sweep across the sand dune
The surf continues its endless motion
To our feet encased in the squishy sand
Always bringing evermore the ocean
Life today is more than extremely grand
Sweet memories fading from my old mind
Bringing sweet thoughts and views unfurled just now
Bring a smile to my face as they unwind
Of our life together and yet somehow
The undertow has me and down I go
Never seen again outward I now flowLady Jane and her squirrels
all red wisps, tufts and whorls
unamoked and revived
now with timidless stride
clad in nowt but their pride
hold their own as betides
in these fair countrysidesThe songbird that escapes
from a burning house
will build its nest
in the shape of a cage.
2
This is one thing
we know: song begs
for the places that make it
grow from seed to starling,
3
places that put the heart's hemlock
in an empty rowboat
and heave it from the shore.
4
We only praise what we cannot
keep: violin strings berried with rain,
teacups overflowing with brandywine,
radios sickened with static.
5
Glass tossed out with the tide
will come back smoother and stranger,
but never to the same person.
6
This is something we want
to know. The woman in love
never touches her ears.
7
The man in his house is always lost
without her.
8
Morning pulls light
from the dark like a boy
hoisting a trout from the lake
by its clean, pink gills.
9
When the woman escapes
from a burning house
she will know the path of the wind,
10
how it writes its scripture
in peach blossoms blown
into a baby's empty pram.
11
She'll feel it compose its words
against her body, against the night,
against the water, in an endless, artless psalm.It's not like the one nine Novembers ago
with someone else who rose differently than you,
his arm clicking my bed's Christmas bulbs
going to my desk for my cloves.
This morning's floor is white and
the feel is hard and good,
a different body,
the dark getting undone over us,
iced up windows shining
on some sex, alchemy, flux
the city with many positions.
Students with stacks of Spain, Isherwood, Cather-
a good loud voice, naked, holding Paul's Case...
It was its own place, another music.
There was a thicker meat to words then.
More of the day comes.
I'm pacing across your floors again.
I'm not finishing sentences.
I go to the birthday party.
I'm okay I've got Vodka
and all this
similar mutibility
engaging me.
Cake, flirting, Roxy Music.
Other rhythmic prolix.(White Rays: Aubade Poetry)
White rays rise at the last part of night
Call the bodies asleep, "Do not miss it",
I raise my head
From the wintry warm bed
Look through the window
Then comes out,
Oh! What a great!
Around the eastern side
Rays slowly is whitening
Heavenly rays I do not miss.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │21 March,2018Aube
The darkness parts reluctantly
A dog in the black barks once,
And bats flit silently beside the house
At a boar come by to gnaw the melons
or a deer dipping for a sweet chew of lettuce
The crow of the coq seems premature
The church bells sound seven
But nothing happens, the village
Is fumbling for the snooze button
Then the first hint of lifting
Suffuses the horizon
The light of cars along the Dordogne
appear and disappear as they round curves
Cats, cold and complaining from the chill
Sound sour, then the clatter of a beer truck
Rattling its bottles on a bump in the road
And then the church bell bangs for a whole half minute
And the fathers stumble out of bed
You can hear the ignition and the groan,
the ohs and ahs of changing gears
and Madame Fleury is up in her night coat,
and the dark holds a candle to the worldShe looks straight into my brown eyes
And creeps so very near
She pulls my hair so very hard
That I say 'oh my dear! '
She crawls about and comes to me
And then she licks my face
Then she sits so quietly and
In her mouth is a lace
She makes noises when she drinks milk
She doesn’t like her food
And  when it comes to laughing
She is very very good
In Hindi we call this baby
Ek chamakta taara*
And the baby who we call that
is my cousin Zaara.
A shining star*
(she is one today.25/03/2007)All babies are wonderful
When I see them I let out a squeak
But here is one baby that I know
Who is totally unique
He is my cousin Tauzi
And he is six months old
He has interest in everything
He snatches at chains of gold
He is the only baby I think
Who caresses you back
When people look at him they say
“He is an angelic pack”
He rubs his face onto yours
And he tickles your ears
His smile makes you feel happy
Especially, when you are in tears
He knows when you are leaving
And he’ll look with his sad little eyes
When you give him a last look and go
You want to look once, then twice, then thrice
But I never get to hold him
They snatch away the little lad
People say I am too young
To hold him, which makes me sad
When you want to kiss him
He understands and comes closer like a magnet
He is one of the cutest babies
Is on which I can surely bet
He is just irresistible
I want to see him again soon
Hey you know what, mom says
He is coming this afternoon!We are waiting for the baby
To smile its sweet smiles
We are waiting for the baby
To touch the nursery tiles
We are waiting for the baby
To say its first word
We are waiting for the baby
To taste its first curd
we are waiting for the baby
To eat its first snack
We are waiting for the baby
To give us all a smack!Her smile lit the night
Her laughter inspired angels
To sing and dance
DorothyPregnant again she confides in a friend.
No where to go, no one will take her in.
Walking the streets in the dark of night.
Hiding in alleys, trying to stay out of sight.
She’s hurting and frustrated with  pain,
anxiety hits over and over again.
What will become of this new born babe,
a decision certainly must  be made.
Crack, heroin, marijuana, cocaine,
what will happen to the poor baby’s brain.
She carries this baby while drinking beer,
no one stops her, nobody cares.
In the eight month baby comes early,
a cute baby boy with hair very curly.
Doctor’s stand by, but baby won’t cry.
He looks at Mom, please say goodbye.
Written:  June 11,2007As a drenched, drowned bee
Hangs numb and heavy from a bending flower,
So clings to me
My baby, her brown hair brushed with wet tears
And laid against her cheek;
Her soft white legs hanging heavily over my arm
Swinging heavily to my movements as I walk.
My sleeping baby hangs upon my life,
Like a burden she hangs on me.
She has always seemed so light,
But now she is wet with tears and numb with pain
Even her floating hair sinks heavily,
Reaching downwards;
As the wings of a drenched, drowned bee
Are a heaviness, and a weariness.A baby boy is born, a sweet, innocent black baby boy.
comes to this world as a –child—not a toy.
His needs will be different for he is a black male.
Proper nurturing is crucial to keep him out of jail.
He must know society considers him a stereotype.
Lazy, drug user, sexually motivated, full of hype.
Speak gently with loving words for him to hear
Teach him to be strong, yet gentle enough to shed a tear
Put a smile on his face with your warm embrace.
Respect him, love him, teach him to have good taste
What you see is what you get in your baby boys eyes
He may follow in your footsteps, don’t be surprised
Teach him with patience, no need for raised voices
He must know how to make all the right choices
The word “no” is prevalent when raising a boy.
He must know what it means when he seeks a certain joy.
A mama is put on a pedestal from a male perspective
when she falls, it shatters his number one directive
Let him know on a daily basis that he is your special joy
a gift from God, a blessed black baby boy.I knew that a baby was hid in that house,
Though I saw no cradle and heard no cry;
But the husband was tip-toeing 'round like a mouse,
And the good wife was humming a soft lullaby;
And there was a look on the face of the mother,
That I knew could mean only one thing, and no other.
The mother, I said to myself, for I knew
That the woman before me was certainly that;
And there lay in a corner a tiny cloth shoe,
And I saw on a stand such a wee little hat;
And the beard of the husband said, plain as could be,
'Two fat chubby hands have been tugging at me.'
And he took from his pocket a gay picture-book,
And a dog that could bark, if you pulled on a string;
And the wife laid them up with such a pleased look;
And I said to myself, 'There is no other thing
But a babe that could bring about all this, and so
That one thing is in hiding somewhere, I know.'
I stayed but a moment, and saw nothing more,
And heard not a sound, yet I know I was right;
What else could the shoe mean that lay on the floor,
The book and the toy, and the faces so bright;
And what made the husband as still as a mouse?
I am sure, very sure, there's a babe in that house.A baby lay forgotten
In the womb of the dead mother;
Still breathing the last few breathes
The remaining of the mother’s last air.
The ravaging war has killed the breast to feed
Leaving the unfulfilled infant trapped alone
Unless someone do something to support the life
The baby’s scream will never be heard across the stream.
Amidst of the rattling guns and battling man
There lies the woman with her hand holding the tummy
Lying still on the ground colored red
The last wish was only to protect the life within the womb.
Until a medic see the predicament
The baby's last breath was almost unheard within
Quickly the life saving team rushed
Knowing they have nothing but only the grace of god.
Each said their prayers while cesarean performed
Hoping desperately to hear a little voice loud and clear
To add music to the ransacked villages made unto a battlefield
Due to atrocities blinded the humanity.
Suddenly, in the middle of the rattling machine guns
And blaring sounds of grenade explosions
The surgeon proudly lifted the newborn high
Poking his fingers gently to clear the throat
So, the baby will one day stand tall to speak with right choice.
Thank god, the whole team prayed
A little late, we wouldn’t have seen another life
Imbued with hope in the middle of the battle
The medical van paved through the war
Bringing news to others around
That today in the battlefield
A baby was born to a dead mother
To tell the world, that life is still far from death.When the bare feet of the baby beat across the grass
The little white feet nod like white flowers in the wind,
They poise and run like ripples lapping across the water;
And the sight of their white play among the grass
Is like a little robin’s song, winsome,
Or as two white butterflies settle in the cup of one flower
For a moment, then away with a flutter of wings.
I long for the baby to wander hither to me
Like a wind-shadow wandering over the water,
So that she can stand on my knee
With her little bare feet in my hands,
Cool like syringa buds,
Firm and silken like pink young peony flowers.This is my First Baby
Even though I'm still young
My life is not really stopping
Even if I have done wrong.
There's a lot of things in life,
That I may not have seen or done.
Even though a child is being born,
My life must still go on.
My child will come first in my new life,
School, Education, to prepare for it a home,
Friends and relatives may want me to come and go,
Many times must I tell them I have to stay home.
I don't want to burden my parents
This responsibility is now my own
Even though I am still young
Just think, someday I will be grown.
It's not my mother or father's fault
As a child I knew right from wrong
I will love and cherish every moment
Because someday it will have a life of its own.A little baby girl screams out her silent cry
Knowing that her mother may chose for her to die
Abortion is a word she never wants to hear
As she gasps in her mother's womb so still and filled with fear.
A little baby girl screams out her silent cry
While thinking to herself and wondering why
How could her mother have chose this terrible choice
Does she not hear her baby crying with her tiny little voice?
'I tell her to be strong and not to let me go,
I love her so mush, and I just want her to know.
Why doesn't she listen to me? Doesn't she care?
It's my life too! What if I want to live, it's just not fair! '
A little baby girl screams out her silent cry
And much too soon among the angels she will fly
Her life is ending, even though it has truly not begun
Due to her mother's choice she will miss out on everything fun.
A little baby girl screams out her silent cry
Now only after a few weeks of life it's her time to die
Her life is slowly ending as her limbs are ripped apart
How could people get an abortion, don't they have a heart?
A little baby girl no longer screams out her silent cry
She now resides in heaven so high up in the sky
She sweetly smiles down at her mother and bows her head
As she sees her praying for forgiveness at the foot of her bedThis is your mother’s kiss, my child!
Don’t you worry: things will be fine;
Just eat and sleep and play awhile.
You’ve had your birth on lovely earth;
You’ll take your time to grow up tall;
Soon you’ll become a long-necked beast!
Wait till your legs get strength to stand;
Wait till your bones can make you walk;
Wait till your mouth reaches tree-leaves!
And when you’re tall as your mother,
And children look at you in awe,
You will feel truly, very great!
This is your mother’s kiss of love;
This is your mother’s kiss of pride;
For when you match her neck and stride,
You must bend low too, from above!
Copyright by Dr John Celes 22-9-2005Acts on me my baby
Don’t let yourself stand there
I am here for you
My mind is blank at the moment
I have close my eyes
I am here so you can act on me
Don’t let my imagination runs wild
I don’t have an energy left for that kind of exercise
Please my baby
Acts on me now
I am here for you
And I am waiting for you to act on me my baby.
www.frederickyamusangie.org.ukBaby sleeping now
at her breast
self satisfied grin
upon her face.
She calls her husband over
complains of how
heavy & hurting
her breasts
are
She offers him
a breast
and gently he
suckles her
as demanding
as any baby
weeping with milk
she weeps with pleasure
as her left nipple
stiffens.Beautiful as a rose
Lovely as a tune,
I meet you up close
In the first days of June;
Baby blue eyes
Turning on blue skies,
What have you seen?
Where have you been?
I was turned on
In the early of spring,
With the summer sun
The heart would sing:
'Love is so true
When its all new,
Sweet as the days
It longs for and plays'.
Love is like trust
That comes and goes,
Falling down star dust
That for a time glows;
Longings and beauties
Imprisons and frees,
Inside a young heart
Right from the start.
Night and young days
We must go on,
Tide's turning ways
Almost nearly done;
The garden's so young
With all what we long,
The seeds in the earth
There in their first birth.
Baby blue eyes
Beginning to glow,
After winter's goodbyes
And old frosty snow;
I feel so lucky
With what comes to be,
Knowing new life
When the colors arrive.They are the Baby Boomers
Born to reunited families
Split by the war
A baby boom
Felt around the World
They were to change humanity
1955 started a revolution
Their parent's music was boring
New music was jumping
They turned up the volume
Hips started to gyrate
Rock 'n' Roll was Satan's music
Slick hair swivelling hips
A southern boy from Tennessee
Was every father's nightmare
He was everywhere
Records TV and movies
Elvis Presley was king
Baby boomers and their music
Changed the world forever
Children of the revolution
Starting to ask why
Growing beards and long hair
All roads led to San Francisco
Sex drugs and rock 'n' roll
Boomers were very different
Never to get old
Their parents always looked old
The World changed for them
Catering their every need
Trying not to sound like parents
Boomers invented living together
Kids without weddings
Naming them Sky and Summer
Maturing into jobs
Responsible and hard working
Spoilt their kids with
Stereos TVs and phones
Most forgot the sixties
Short hair suit and tie
Making a corporate fortune
To support the new lifestyle
Don't have to grow old
First generation not to
Women wear girls clothes
Fathers and sons t shirt and jeans
Radio stations play their music
Discos for the over 40's
Sports activities and clothes
Have aged with them
Once sport finished at thirty
Now we have over sixty's sport
Never too old for anything
Boomer will always be youngBaby boy, you’re all I ever think about.
Your there, stuck in my head
I see you… I see you in my mind
And I feel you in my heart
Baby boy, I need you here by my side
Thinking about you just isn’t enough
I want you… Not only in my dreams
But in reality as well
Baby boy, Come to me
Make love to me
Stay here… with me
Baby boy, open up your heart to me
Tell me you feel for me,
The way I feel for you
Let me know that you love me, too
Baby boy…
I’m still waiting..
Waiting here for you…My baby brother falls a lot.
I see how sad he feels.
Why don't baby brothers
come with training wheels?He's fast asleep.  See how, O Wife,
Night's finger on the lip of life
Bids whist the tongue, so prattle-rife,
Of busy Baby Charley.
One arm stretched backward round his head,
Five little toes from out the bed
Just showing, like five rosebuds red,
-- So slumbers Baby Charley.
Heaven-lights, I know, are beaming through
Those lucent eyelids, veined with blue,
That shut away from mortal view
Large eyes of Baby Charley.
O sweet Sleep-Angel, throned now
On the round glory of his brow,
Wave thy wing and waft my vow
Breathed over Baby Charley.
I vow that my heart, when death is nigh,
Shall never shiver with a sigh
For act of hand or tongue or eye
That wronged my Baby Charley!A baby soon will sleep in that crib
He will have lots of dreams
Soon you will have those sweet dreams baby
And in your dreams you will be able to count the ships baby
While the angels come down from haven and watch out for you baby
That crib will be the place where he will go to sleep
That crib belongs to him
That crib is an old one
It is one of a kind
You don’t see it anymore
That crib will be nice and warm for him to sleep in the winter nights
And cool in the summer for him to sleepMy mother gave me a baby doll,
And said it was my own to keep,
But something is wrong with this doll,
Because it ''baahs'' like a sheep,
I told my mother what it''s doing,
And she said not to worry,
Then I went back up to my room,
And my baby doll was furry,
I looked at it closely,
And what comes to my surprise,
The baby doll, is not a baby doll no more,
It''s a sheep with kitty eyes.
The next day my dad came home with a doll,
He said it is mine to keep,
Something was wrong with this doll,
It didnt look the same, As all the other dolls I see,
Because it''s cry was pretty lame,
And it had no clothes to wear,
But I put it underneath my bed,
and I still think it''s under there.Large Baby eyes smiling joyfully at me,
Baby eyes as brown as can be.
Two deep pools most innocent and bright,
To me are symbols of sheer delight.
May I greet you every single day?
For you are sunshine on my way.
Other people see you smile so sweet,
All are happier when you they meet.
Eyes are the windows to the soul,
No difficulties for you reaching your goal.
So sweet baby go on life's way,
Those Baby eyes have much to say.Everything has turned upside down,
but when ur around,
all my fears r gone,
I would wake up at 3 in the morning just to talk to u,
that’s how madly im in love with u,
ur what I love most about my day,
when ur gone my sky turns grey,
hoping that you’ll return to me in some way,
everyday I pray at night that ur gonna be mines for valentine,
I don’t know why but ur always on my mind,
as much as u push me way,
I will still be there by ur side,
I just want u to know how much I love u so,
if only u could see it through my eyes
baby u will find that
what I’ve told u
are not just a bunch of lies
baby u got to no the I love u so,
I need u near
need u close,
u make all the clouds go away on a grey day
baby u r what I need and want,
baby if only u could hear me say
baby please don’t leave,
baby I love u I need u,
ur what I live for,
if only u see through my eyes
then u will find that I haven’t done wrong,
all I did was love u strong,
baby u gotta hear me when I say
baby come back to me I don’t care in what way just come bac,
baby u just gotta no I need u soHe was such a tiny little man
Held in his mothers arms
Just starting life’s huge journey
Developing some early charms
The world so wide with wonder
So much there was to see
A family that gathered ‘round
Loving him so tremendously
The country was the perfect place
For the baby to discover and grow
Animals to tend and pet
And he learned to love them so
A sister and a brother too
Were amidst his world as well
He was close to his grand parents
More to catch him when he fell
Each and every experience
Added to his changing life
Eventually getting married
And adding some kids and wife
But looking back at pictures now
It’s hard to realize how strong
This man would become over time
Starting out as Baby John!Each day I listen to my heart
Mapping a path for our possible love start
My head speaks and so does my heart
Feelings of mine for you wish not to depart
With millions of gadgets
Spread across the planet
None of them can measure the way
My heart feels about you each day
Baby, Listen to my heart!
Will you be my sweetheart?
Baby, Listen to my heart!
Our heartbeats shouldn't be beating apart
Heart to heart
We can build us bridges of love
Heart to heart
We can sing our songs of love
Heart to heart
We can trust in this thing called love
Each day I listen to my heart
My heart has constantly infinitely spoken
Each time it beats for you a work of art
Only you can heal parts that are broken
Baby, Listen to my heart!
Will you be my sweetheart?
Listen to its instant drumming
Glisten to its constant humming
Baby, Listen to my heart!
Our heartbeats shouldn't be beating apart
(2007) - Copyright Sylvia Chidi
www.sylviachidi.co.ukso there you are in
your pram or kiddikarria
nicely tucked up,
being talked to in that
singysongylingo
that grown-ups grow down to
when that tingylingy, like
that stoopid thingy
dangling on your cot that
doesn't do anything else
goes hissdidahdidah
and she switches her attention instantly
from who's mommy's little treasure then,
sticks this silver thing to block her ear
and starts talking to thin air
it must be either the fairies
who don't seem to be very helpful -
'oh darling don't say you forgot I
asked you specially...'
or she's going doolally and
the adult world's not
what it's cracked up to be
I'll give her two minutes no more
or elseBaby Love, walk with me
Hold my hand
Set me free
With a single red rose, under a tree
I love your big beautiful blue eyes
And the way you wriggle those thighs
In the middle of the night I endlessly fantasize
Kisses, touches, moans - my dream comprises
Baby Love, walk with me
Please!
Baby Love, talk to me
Please!
Every single elegant day
Your centre stage is on display
In my own loving Romeo play
They say dreams do come true
Will you appear suddenly out of the blue?
I love your long beautiful smile
Long and beautiful as the River Nile
Your mesmerizing face tells many a tale
With successful conquests I wish to hail
When is it time for us to set sail
Baby Love, walk with me
Please!
Rock me gently
Please!
I love your dazzling strong hands
Kisses, laughter, adventures - the whole brand
It is this love of you I softly demand
Your eyes speak, they understand
Walk with me
Please!
Baby Love, walk with me
Kiss my lips
As I close my eyes
Unlock my heart with your key
Set me free
With a single red rose, under a tree
Copyright 2006 - Sylvia Chidi
www.sylviachidi.co.ukShe was a precious little angel that
Came into their lives one wonderful day
Nothing could have made them happier
Or delighted that she came to stay
Beautiful sweet smile on her face
That came almost immediately
Their hearts were filled to the brim
Their lives changed so drastically
Her family all surrounded her
For much love and pride they felt
They couldn’t get enough of her
As in their arms this child they held
And as she grew and changed
Her personality was so unique
Her talent for drawing obvious
Their praise she loved to receive
And of course their love continues
Though she’s not Baby Marcia anymore
But their lives changed very quickly
When she came through their front door!Baby sweet, baby mine,
King of Kings, so sublime,
Born for us on Christmas Day,
Master of all that you'll survey.
Baby dear, baby fine,
Lord of Lords, so divine,
Your birth we celebrate, and share
Our lives with you, as we say your prayer.
Baby loved, baby shine,
God, Creator, we are thine,
Be our Father, dwell within
Our souls, and let our praise begin.
©   Ernestine NorthoverO precious newborn in our home
Gift of God's great love divine.
May caring angels smile on you
Baby mine, O Baby mine.
Then as you walk the path of life,
May God's grace on your path shine
and keep you ever in his will
Baby mine, O, Baby mine.We were driving along the bay
My girl friend really needed a pee
I said go over that way
Squat down behind that tree
Coming form a very good family
Baby had never done it before
But she needed to go so badly
She nearly did it on the car floor
As she came out for behind the big tree
And stood in the long grass looking free
My darling looked so beautiful
Still pulling her pants up after the pee
All refreshed and joyful
She ran to hold me
Darling seemed so grateful
And all she did was peeOut come two tiny feet
Mum wails
The head follows to complete
Mums face pales
And baby newborn is born!
Tiny hands and tiny feet
Innocent look of sweet
A mild scent
Of sweet present
And baby newborn is born!
Is it a he?
Is it a she?
I knew mum and dad were on a mission
All the Os and As were mums screaming made-up television
'Spread wide open'
I often heard dads tone
A common nomination of repetition
With the bed singing a song of cracking bones
Did either of them ever have any inclination or vision
That of me they were producing another clone!Baby on my mind
I can’t stop to think about you
It was hard for me to lose you
Half of me have died with you
But I know that you are free in heaven
Walking around
Being happy
Baby on my mind
I grieve the lose of you
Baby on my mind
In my dreams
I see you clear
You had blond hair and green eyes
You were a chubby baby
I hold you in my arms
In real life I will never see you
Or I will never know you
But I guess God was testing me for this
I’ve lost this battle this time
Baby on my mind
I hope I win the next battle
It is almost like being in a war
Lot’s of worries goes through my mind
Baby on my mind
I will provide you with every thing you need when you come
Baby on my mind
I want to be your mother
Forever
And be around to see you grow strong
Baby on my mind
I worried right now if you are going to be healthy?
I hope so
Baby on my mind
I don’t have the right to judge
Only God doesIt's in the heart of the grape
where that smile lies.
It's in the good-bye-bow in the hair
where that smile lies.
It's in the clerical collar of the dress
where that smile lies.
What smile?
The smile of my seventh year,
caught here in the painted photograph.
It's peeling now, age has got it,
a kind of cancer of the background
and also in the assorted features.
It's like a rotten flag
or a vegetable from the refrigerator,
pocked with mold.
I am aging without sound,
into darkness, darkness.
Anne,
who are you?
I open the vein
and my blood rings like roller skates.
I open the mouth
and my teeth are an angry army.
I open the eyes
and they go sick like dogs
with what they have seen.
I open the hair
and it falls apart like dust balls.
I open the dress
and I see a child bent on a toilet seat.
I crouch there, sitting dumbly
pushing the enemas out like ice cream,
letting the whole brown world
turn into sweets.
Anne,
who are you?
Merely a kid keeping alive.Baby let me tell u how I feel
Baby let me love u till the end
Baby my heart is urs
Baby let me touch u all over
Baby can I kiss ur lips
Baby can I rub ur feet
Baby look me in my eyes and don't blink
Baby when the sun goes down will u be around
Baby let's walk the hall of love
Baby when I look at u I see another world in ur eyes
Baby I'm tha man that can take u where u need and want to go
Baby please let's go and don't say no
Baby this is my last cry
Baby make love to me till the end of time
BabyBaby oh baby
That's it yeah baby
Watch out baby
Here it comes!
Baby cute baby
Give me a cuddle
Googa goo
Aren't you so cute!When you were created, I knew I had found it.
The angel face, and beauty all around it.
Your heart is a creation of wonder.
And, how you came to be, I still ponder.
But, Lilly, you are the joy of my day.
A miracle, in each and every way.
With a beautiful light to your eyes,
like your mother's: stars in the skies.
Like the flower you are named,
may you never be tamed.
Your life is too free.
Like your love from me.I asked you, if you liked me, you said no.
i asked you if i was pretty, you said no.
i asked if i was in your heart, u said no.
i asked if you would cry if i walked away, you said no.
so i walked away,
but......
you grabbed my arm and said...
i don't like you, i love you!
you are not pretty, you are beautiful!
you are not in my heart, you ARE my heart.! !
And i wouldn't cry if you walked away, i would die!
By hazem02baby do you kno how i fill
since you always want to keep it real
maybe we can do it this one time
you tell me your secret
and i'll tell you mine
wat happin then
we will now leave that behind
as long as your mine
will always have good times...NO!
I dont want her to grow up to be like me,
after all I have ever done and the only thing she has ever seen
is mom and me fighting, Tim and me fighting, or mom and Tim
fighting. Not once has she seen us as a whole family.
Knowing she is growing up and beginning to look like
me and all I want is her to grow up oppisite of me.
I dont want her to be like me and break down and cut,
I know she can't handle pain to well and hopefully she grows
out of it and does not become the person I did and make the
same mistakes I did. I'm not going to try and fix my mistakes through
her but I just want her to be the better side of me.
Knowing I can't change what she has seen and knowing
that nothing I do can change her way of thinking,
she's  as stubborn as me, that could be a good thing
or bad. No one knows, no one will ever know the deep secrets
that i hold within and I pray to God that she does not do the
same. Never again would I be able to live with myself knowing
I gave that knowledge to my little sister and she turns around
and uses it against me. I don't want my little baby sister to
become my enemy. Having to fight her every day about shit
that I did in the past and screwed up badly.
One night she will turn against the entire family and once
again I will be left alone. Just as Tim did.From torrid heat to frigid cold
I've rovered land and sea;
And now, with halting heart I hold
My grandchild on my knee:
Yet while I've eighty years all told,
Of moons she has but three.
She sleeps, that fragile miniature
Of future maidenhood;
She will be wonderful, I'm sure,
As over her I brood;
She is so innocent, so pure,
I know she will be good.
My way I've won from woe to weal,
And hard has been the fight;
Yet in my ingle-nook I feel
A wondrous peace to-night;
And over me serenely steal
Warm waves of love and light.
"What sloppy stuff!" I hear you say.
"Give us a lusty song."
Alas! I'm bent and gnarled and grey,--
My life may not be long:
Yet let its crown of glory be
This child upon me knee.Baby baby
Smile making
Laksh of refresh...
Smile the baby
With...
Rose flower...
Sun flower...
Loutes flower...
All are funney for
A little milkey baby
Smile...
Smile...
With love too
Looted...
Refersh kisses
Fly with come too
Faithfully your heart...
A baby simply smile...
Enjoy it...
Enjoy...!Baby tomorrow I wonder
Where my thoughts shall be
Oceans afar - asunder
Where doubtful questions flee
Try not to long too much
Feelings aside those play
Controls so out of touch
Into sallow fall's ray
Maybe tomorrow will give
What got lost right now?
And we could both live
Through this torment somehow
Yesterdays don’t come back
Only their memories
What each reality lack
An instant of actuality never sees
You are still steps missing
Where I'm reaching to
Though your lips I’ll be kissing
In my dreams untrue
What did drive us apart?
Was it the differences we are?
Lacking a beat from the start
Our inside feelings of war
Chorus
Maybe tomorrow will give
What got lost right now?
And we could both live
Through this torment somehow
Yesterdays don’t come back
Only their memories
What each reality lack
An instant of actuality never sees
Baby tomorrow I wonderBaby is dumb
Adult has wisdom
Babies are small and crawl
Adults are tall and fall
Baby demands
Adult commands
Baby yearns to walk
Adult learns to work
Baby weeps
Adult sleeps
You carry a baby
You marry an adult
Baby chokes
Adult smokes
Baby stays at home to play
Adult brings home the pay
Baby cries
Adult sighs
Baby spikes milk
Adults like silk
And I saved this for the last
Baby at birth
Adult at death
Baby vs Adult becomes a thing of the  pastBlue Baby, we love you alot
Yup Baby, even though you're gone
Loca's Baby, like your other sibling
Blue Baby, your memory will go on
God Baby, I was to be your godmother
Sweet Baby, I'll still love you the same
Man Baby, were so sad that you left us
Blue Baby, I will never forget your nameWere you born
ever to be a burden.
Then for your mom,
at her lap.
Now for me
in my heart.A bush baby baby am I,
Bouncing 'neath the baobob tree.
Not sure I'm a gal or guy,
But Lincoln Park Zoo's home to me.
Mom and Dad are teaching me bunch,
How to super jump all about,
Snatching insects to have for lunch,
My night vision helping, no doubt.
I'm full of life - eat, sleep and play.
Good grooming is a fam'ly art.
I watch what the folks do and say,
Cuz both of them are just so smart.
At the Zoo, come visit. You must
Look for me till your eyes adjust.hello world
you may not know me
but I know you
my name is Caroline
and I am only four
I am their baby girl
I have only seen part of you world
but for form what I see
I see there are problems
problems in my world
people are in a battle
a battle over my future
a battle for how I will live
where I will live
there are two sides
my mothers
and
my fathers
there are pros and cons of both
my mothers side
pro- she is my mother and every girl needs a mother
pro- she has money so I can live a easy life.
con- from what I see she does not want me she just want my father not to have me.
con- from what I see she would just hand me over to hired help, so that she can be with her true love. her wine.
my fathers side
pro- he fights for me and from what for I can see that he wants me, he doesn't just want me so that my mother will not have me. he wants me, for he loves me.
pro- I can see he will me there for me, for I can be daddy's little girl
con- he does not have the money my mom has, but money isn't everything. he has the love my mother doesn't.
con- I just don't understand why,  why everyone else thinks I should not  be with him. what do they see wrong with him, for I do not see one fault. am I missing something or are they wrong?
for this is what I have seen
for this is my world
so far
I don't know which side will win
will the battle
the battle for my future
for all I can do
is sit and watch this world go by
for this world doesn't know me
so  I will just has to watch and see
watch and hope
hope the best side wins
for I can not do anything else
for I am only four
for I am Caroline
for I am just their baby girlcome baby...
come sweetheart...
let us change the classic way...
and break all rules...
come and don`t care about all..
ignore them...
don`t be shame...
there is no shameful with a feelings..
and let us feel the happiness...
the happiness which we created for...
come to give each other a love...
come to taste me as always you wished me..
come and let our bodies become as a one..
come and let me go so deep inside you..
come let us make a love..Dearest Baby,
My heart is broken.
Something terrible has happened,
And as a result, you have died.
I loved you so much;
I wanted you so much...
From the minute,
I knew of your existence,
I had special plans for us.
I imagined what you may have looked like,
And all the happy things we might have done.
You were SO special to me...
My heart cries out from the loss of you.
I relive that moment again and again
In my mind's eye,
And I cringe...
Because it was so horrible.
No one knew of your existence....
You were even more special to me,
Because of my secret.
I kept you to myself and it seemed,
As though we were one.
Only I knew of you....
Only I loved you.
Then that awful day came,
When my world was shattered,
And you died.
All at once,
My world came crashing down.
You died and there was not a thing,
I could have done to have stopped it.
Losing my precious baby boy,
Rips through me like a knife.
Now my baby boy is gone...
I'll never hold him...
I'll never sing him quiet lullabies...
My arms will be empty without him.
Baby, you were so special to me.
You grew beneath my heart
And I felt such a closeness to you.
Now all that is gone...
I cry so many tears
Because I lost you.
I ache for all that cannot be.
I often wish there was a way...
To have my baby boy back-
But he is gone - forever lost to me.
I'll say a prayer for you, baby boy,
And ask God to keep you safe.
I'll never hold you,
But I would have loved you.
My heart swells with the love,
I still carry for you.
I must say goodbye, Baby.
Know that a part of me,
Remains with you always,
For I loved you so greatly,
And once you and I were one.
And I will always remember,
That once you were mine,
My Baby Son.
(January 19,1998)A hot day in mid January and scarce a puff of breeze
And John and Dave in cherry picker up by power line trimming trees
The cut back from the line three metres and the order cut to code
A mile out of olinda just off mount Dandy Road.
They were trimming branch of liquid ambar close to spotted dove's nest
And two small baby spotted doves at noise of saw distressed
One of them backed off stick made home and toppled to the ground
And lay there dying by base of tree and uttered not a sound.
A two week old bird covered in down and unable yet to fly
And i powerless to save his life could only watch him die
The luckless baby spotted dove did not live to enjoy
The happiness that wings can bring, the freedom of the sky.
As the cherry picker moved down road mother dove returned to nest
And she fed her one remaining babe and then cloaked him neath her breast
One spotted dove less in the world it really seemed a shame
But accidents cannot be helped and life goes on the same.Fate is a baby young eyes
In to a morning daybreak
How in the truth you rise
Always yourself no fake
Give it your trying worth
Everything you have got
You came of this earth
What you are - what you are not
The days are ahead for free
Bring them to destiny
Be what you want to be
Most of it's had for free
Occupy dreams come true
Everywhere you go
You will be always you
Walking it to and fro
Something you can live
Is always worth its while
What you know to give
Each of your footstep's trial
Nothing is nothing still
So please give of your love
Others may find their hill
The dales have them plenty of
*Sorry about the Blue versus Young, - the word is Young, not Blue; and the fault is ours. The word got somehow scrambled through the cell phone…
The CrewCovered in cake and icing,
Your smile stretched ear to ear.
Two candles celebrates,
The joy of your second year.
We sing Happy Birthday,
You play midst wrap and bows.
We marvel at how you touched our lives,
Just two years ago.
I remember the first time I held you,
whispered your sweet precious name.
You've changed our lives forever,
Our hearts will never be the same.
As a child you'll love this day,
For all the sweets and presents too.
As parents we'll love your day,
For the gift we got was you.
Each year we'll add another candle,
So proud to see you grow.
But always with the memory,
Of your first day long ago.
On your birthday, special one,
I wish that all your dreams come true.
May your day be filled with joy,
Wonderful gifts and goodies, too.
On your day I wish for you
Favorite people to embrace,
Loving smiles and caring looks
That earthly gifts cannot replace.
I wish you fine and simple pleasures.
I wish you many years of laughter.
I wish you all of life’s best treasures.
I wish you happily ever after!When your heart is lost
I will be your world map
and take you to the top
When pain veils your vision
I will be your contact lens
with the utmost precision
When tears happen to flow
I will be your 3-ply tissues
and bring back your glow
When they hurt and let you down
I will be your psycho killer
and shoot them all without a sound
Happy Valentine's Baby!Hey baby. It’s me.
We need to talk.
Things aren’t right
Between
Us.
No. Too casual.
We’re over? Through?
You’re history? Gone?
I’m not ready for this?
No. too heavy.
I don’t know.
I don’t know anything anymore
Ignore me.
Hey baby. It’s me.
We need to talk.
But I don’t know how.Liner Notes - (from No More Mister Nice Girl)
I was having a foul day. Some geezer harrassed me on the street and I got completely bent out of shape, but the guy was huge so I just stuffed my retort. Went home to drink coffee. No milk. I ripped through the cupboards and found Non Dairy Creamer. It tasted like shit. I got into one of those senseless rages where you throw stuff. I hurled the Non Dairy Creamer and it fell into the tub where I was running some bath water. The creamer erupted and made this bathing gel of Non Dairy Creamer. I was ready to kill myself. Instead I wrote Hey Baby.
So I'm walking down the street
minding my own business
when this guy starts with me
he's suckin' his lips goin'
Hey Baby
Yo Baby
Hey Baby
Yo
and I get a little tense and nervous
but I keep walking
but the guy, he's dogging my every move
hey Miss, he says,
Don't miss this!
And he grabs his crotch and sneers ear to ear
so finally, I turn around
Hey Buddy, I say
I'm feelin' kinda tense, Buddy
I got a fuckin' song in my heart
so come on,
Let's go
I got a huge bucket of non-dairy creamer
and some time to kill
so let's do it
we'll make some foul-smelling artifical milk
and drink gallons and gallons and gallons of it
Get our bladders exceedingly full then
sit on the toilet together and let
the water run in the shower
and torture ourselves by not letting ourselves urinate
as the water rushes loudly
into the bathrub, okay?
We'll do it together
writhe in utter agony
Just you and me
and I'll even spring for some of that blue shit
for the toilet bowl, all right?
I mean, that's my idea of a good time
so how bout it, you wanna?
The guy backs up a bit
Whatsa matter, Baby?
You got somethin' against men?, he says
No, I say
I don't have anything against men
Just STUPID menIn the lone place of the leaves,
Where they touch the hanging eaves,
There sprang a spray of joyous song that sounded sweet and sturdy;
And the baby in the bed
Raised the shining of his head,
And pulled the mother's lids apart to wake and watch the birdie.
She kissed lip-dimples sweet,
The red soles of his feet,
The waving palms that patted hers as wind-blown blossoms wander;
He twined her tresses silk
Round his neck as white as milk­
'Now, baby, say what birdie sings upon his green spray yonder.'
'He sings a plenty things­
Just watch him wash his wings!
He says Papa will march to-day with drums home through the city.
Here, birdie, here's my cup.
You drink the milk all up;
I'll kiss you, birdie, now you're washed like baby clean and pretty.'
She rose, she sought the skies
With the twin joys of her eyes;
She sent the strong dove of her soul up through the dawning's glory;
She kissed upon her hand
The glowing golden band
That bound the fine scroll of her life and clasped her simple story.Little girl
only three
bouncing on her Mummy's knee
in perfect pitch & key
sings perfectly:
Britney's 'HIT ME
BABY ONE MORE TIME! '
We all smile.
Her Mummy
bounces her
up & down
so that the sound
goes slightly wobbly.
We smile all the more.Hush-a-by Baby
On the tree top,
When the wind blows
The cradle will rock;
When the bough breaks
The cradle will fall,
Down tumbles baby,
Cradle, and all.I know a baby, such a baby, -
Round blue eyes and cheeks of pink,
Such an elbow furrowed with dimples,
Such a wrist where creases sink.
‘Cuddle and love me, cuddle and love me,’
Crows the mouth of coral pink:
Oh, the bald head, and, oh, the sweet lips,
And, oh, the sleepy eyes that wink!“I love you baby”
I whisper
As you leave for work.
“I love you too, darlin”
You reply.
“I love you baby”
I whisper
When we make love.
“I love you too, darlin”
You reply.
“I miss you, baby…”
I whisper
“…When you’re gone.”
“I miss you more, darlin”
You reply.
“I love you baby”
I whisper
Each night, and kiss your cheek
“And I love you, darlin”
You reply,
And kiss my face
Before I dream.
“I love you baby”
You whisper
In my dreams
“I love you too, darlin”
I replyCome and lay beside me
and kiss me my Baby..
Kiss me like only you can
Softly brush my lips
with yours
Let me feel your warmth,
your femininity
Put your arms round me
and kiss me Baby
Let my body brush against yours
feeling your passion,
my body hearing your call
Kiss me, kiss me Baby
so that I can submit to you,
my body in rythym with yours
bound in this kiss.
Kiss me my Baby
so that I can know
that i'm aliveLets do it again baby
Because I need
To prove
My love to you
And I want to show
What love isYour voice
soft as a sea
washing me
in sound
leaving little
seashells in my mind.Quite child, do not scream
Now is the time to dream
Pony rides and Puppy dogs
Real big slides and Lincoln logs
Take and rest upon the sheet
And may all your dreams be sweet
Lollipops and golden hen
Robots and army men
So lay down upon the bed
While these tings dance in your head
Acrobats and kitty cats
Bumper cars and movie stars
All these things you do not know
Spaghetti O’s and play dough
You will someday
So sleep and growI see you upon a breath of light
Lying downward on this night
You are so small and sweet it seems
Beginning to dream infant dreams
Pony rides and puppy dogs
Gigantic slides and Lincoln Logs
Now you relax upon the sheet
Envision, life, so very sweet
Chocolate sundae, Maraschino cherry
The town of Taipei, the Tooth fairy
So lie down and snooze upon the bed
Rest that enormous baby head
Acrobats and bumper cars
Kitty cats and movie stars
Dream and wonder, free and wild
Nap and marvel, now, young child
Moving Streetcars and big biceps
Ringo Starr and Johnny Depp
This you will know of come, someday
But sleep now and dream the night awayLittle brown baby wif spa'klin' eyes,
Come to yo' pappy an' set on his knee.
What you been doin', suh -- makin' san' pies?
Look at dat bib -- you's es du'ty ez me.
Look at dat mouf -- dat's merlasses, I bet;
Come hyeah, Maria, an' wipe off his han's.
Bees gwine to ketch you an' eat you up yit,
Bein' so sticky an sweet -- goodness lan's!
Little brown baby wif spa'klin' eyes,
Who's pappy's darlin' an' who's pappy's chile?
Who is it all de day nevah once tries
Fu' to be cross, er once loses dat smile?
Whah did you git dem teef? My, you's a scamp!
Whah did dat dimple come f'om in yo' chin?
Pappy do' know you -- I b'lieves you's a tramp;
Mammy, dis hyeah's some ol' straggler got in!
Let's th'ow him outen de do' in de san',
We do' want stragglers a-layin' 'roun' hyeah;
Let's gin him 'way to de big buggah-man;
I know he's hidin' erroun' hyeah right neah.
Buggah-man, buggah-man, come in de do',
Hyeah's a bad boy you kin have fu' to eat.
Mammy an' pappy do' want him no mo',
Swaller him down f'om his haid to his feet!
Dah, now, I t'ought dat you'd hug me up close.
Go back, ol' buggah, you sha'n't have dis boy.
He ain't no tramp, ner no straggler, of co'se;
He's pappy's pa'dner an' play-mate an' joy.
Come to you' pallet now -- go to yo' res';
Wisht you could allus know ease an' cleah skies;
Wisht you could stay jes' a chile on my breas'--
Little brown baby wif spa'klin' eyes!life without regrets,
you only get one chance.
try your best,
it might be the last.
breathe without skipping a second,
laugh with all your heart.
life may be a nightmare,
take some action and change it.
change it into a dream,
the most magical one it can be.
stop for a second,
just to smell the roses.
jump on your bed,
look at the clouds.
dance like no one is watching,
sing and dance in the rain.
let your mascara run,
smile about your screwups.
dress to be different,
only to express yourself.
smile to make someone else smile,
laugh at a joke you heard yesterday.
draw a picture,
even if you're horrible.
sing out loud like an idiot,
help someone random.
cry when you laugh,
laugh when you're alone.
live like there's no tomorrow,
even when you feel like hopeless.
love someone without trying,
smile at everyone in sight.
take things slow,
remember everything.
walk in the rain,
kiss in the rain.
have a snowball fight,
with styrofoam.
buy a new cd,
of a band you never heard of.
try something new,
no matter how daring.
heartbreaks don't matter,
he never did care.
trust people you love,
love the trust that is given.
watch the clouds float by,
as if you had the time.By day he was a plumber, a regular one of the boys,
But by night he ran Ladies Parties, selling fantasy sex-toys.
And when a plumbing he did go, the ladies liked his tools for sure
Which explains all his discount rates, when being paid behind the door.
One customer seemed quite nervous, when she got her boiler serviced
Unknown to him, amused herself, with rampant rabbits or anything else!
His bag that day was choc-a-block with wrenches for wenches and sex-party stock.
And as he worked, behind his back, she secretly rummaged in his sack.
His work was interrupted, while adjusting his tape measure,
From the room along the hall he heard her moans and screams of pleasure.
“I love this tartan dildo, and this kinky rubber mask! ”
He said, “I can sell you the mask, my dear. But not my thermos flask! ”Maybe I love someone, and maybe I don’t
Maybe il tell him so, and maybe I wont.
Maybe im heartbroken, and he doesn’t see
That I need to leave him if il ever be free.
Maybe he’s all I think about, all day long.
And maybe without him I just don’t belong
Maybe these words are lies, and im just a whore,
Maybe im love-struck and nothing more
Maybe im the pretty girl you see on tv,
Maybe im the stalker that you wont ever see
Maybe you love me too, and I should tell you
But you kissed me and I knew…
I'm your trophy.i read in the newspaper about
a young woman raped
by an aquaintance;
she decided not to press charges,
she had his baby. i realized that person
was my sister.
the baby's name is Charity.
though she looks like her father,
Charity will never be ours. She will never
be Lillian's, or even Robert's.
she will always
be the fruit of something
beyond comprehension as a civilized world.
Charity belongs
to the nameless
overpowering
need.It looked like a storm was brewing
Dark clouds were ominous, it’s true
Such stillness was in the air as well
And I think you would feel it too
Poor little Mollie was very scared
Not sure what would happen to her
Mom was standing near, of course
Mollie pressed closely against her fur
The sky grew darker by the minute
Only a little purple and pink could be seen
The night was changing to a nightmare
Looking so angry and utterly mean
Thank goodness Mollie had Mom
And as time went on through the night
Mollie had a little bit to eat
It was a pleasant and wonderful sight
The sky continued to build its storm
But there wasn’t a thing could be done
Of course tomorrow is another day
And I’m sure it’ll bring out the sun!Walking through the house
doing the usual cleaning
I begin to wonder
who are these kids living in my house?
I see the MP3 player on the table.
The cell phone on top of the T.V.,
Kids are so much more
technologically advanced than we were
(and wasn't I just their age? ?)
As I toss their electronic devices
into their room
I feel an emptiness for them
wondering if they'll ever be able
to receive comfort
outside the electronic age.
Before I turn around to leave
I see a hand-written note
done with bright purple magic marker
left by my thirteen year old daughter.
''Mom, Please wash Baby Ducky!
Love, Charity''
''Baby Ducky'' is the blanket
she's had since she was a baby.
It is a twin sized comforter
with a picture of a little girl and a duck
(which explains the name...Baby Ducky) .
It was her older sisters until the new baby
(Charity)     came along
and she decided to pass it down as a gift.
When Charity's baby brother came along
she tried so hard
to keep up the tradition
and give it to him...
it lasted about 2 days.
She just couldn't bare life without it.
We gave it back to her
and it hasn't left her possession since.
Her note reminds me
that no matter what joy they get
from electronic toys and gadgets...
nothing can replace the pure comfort
you get from an old blanket
given to you with love.Together, my man and I
Lie together to join my baby and I.
The gracious Lord, how can this be?
God's creation bonds my baby and I.
Time is awaiting those tiny eyes,
Forming my fetus, my baby and I.
My man, so tense at times, Tanya, don't stress
Yourself out with our baby, you see.
What a joy when my little one arrives
Into this cold, scary, confused world.
My baby and I . . . I will teach my baby well
To understand this scary world.
Life is our baby and my man.
Tis is our first, don't you see—
Time awaits my baby and I.
so excited that this man of mine is holding me closely
Each night after a long day at my busiest job.
My baby, my man, and I,
Our beautiful baby will be born soon.
This bonds us closer, my man and I.
My mother . . . his mother as proud as can be for him,
And me, my mom, my baby, and me, Tanya . . .
Thank you, God's blessing to you.
Peace be unto you, your man, and your unborn child.Your the baby girl that brightened our world,
a suprise in a way,
and now that we have you here with us,
we're gonna make you stay.
You look so pretty in the dresses you wear,
and the tiny little bows,
clasped in your hair.
Its about time you came!
What took you so long?
You growing so big,
and getting so strong.
Im your favorite big cousin,
Duh! Why wouldnt I be?
I'll keep it a secret,
but eventually they'll see!Beautiful little girl
That's what you are
With that cute little curl
Im glad we came this far
You were inside of me
I can't believe this is real
This was mean't to be
And i can't explain how i feel
I love your sweet smile
And that little face you make
It was all worth the while
Like when you awake
Now you are leaving
Leaving me all alone
I know i'll be greiving
But, we can talk on the phone
Beautiful little girl
That's what you are
With that cute little curl
Im glad we came this far
(Written for a Friend)The long nights are never much boring
my dear hubby takes care of that
playing simple tunes to 'amuse'
me, tho' sadly the notes fall flat
Animal, veggie and mineral
these nocturnal notes awaken
as I lie there ears and nose plugged
while his farts and snores are a quakin'
Lest you regard this poem as unkind,
rude or crude, from an ill-bred mind
please notice my predicament for
this music is not heaven-sent
*    *    *    *    *
But honey, you know that I love you
and something this bad ain't all bad:
your noises and fumes repel ver-
min, and for that I'm very gladmy baby is in heaven above.
i knew god will give him lots of love.
god took my baby from me.
i cried a deep blue sea.
he can never be replaced.
the truth might as well be faced.
His name was sox
he looked so cute in his box.
he was my best friend
he was there tell the end
my dog was the night and day of my life.
i still cry in the night
i just need some light.My sweet little baby, when you were born into my life
you made me to forget my worries and strife
I can recollect the day your mother and me met
and we prayed God to have a lovely little baby like you
Our God pleased with our prayers and given you to us
Now, I daily thank God and forever will be in his debt
Today you are such a precious child who bright our home
I see your two tiny feet that cycle in the air and
your tiny hands are pulling your hair.
Your sweet little face brings joy to us and we forget the world
When I get up in the morning then you are fastest sleep
When I say good night then you don't allow me to sleep
You want me to hold and tucked up against my chin
Your mother wants me to write a poem about you
but what can I write about you when you are the poem
You are my shining star I reach to hold you around
and hugs you with my love that I have blessed for.
That's the joy of parenthood we have for while.Softly comes the night,
Moon Woman walks the land.
Rest well, my little one,
Member of a proud band.
And in Dream Catcher's web,
Eagle Soars, Bison runs free,
Thunderbird calls,
Wolf sings high and sweet.
Rest well, my little one.
Ancient legends guard your sleep.Nature Baby as free as a bird
Nature Baby not speaking a word
Nature Baby living day by day
Nature Baby always floating away. Feeling the soil around my feet
The sun rays beating down with heat
My being feeling like I'm not physically here
And when I look around I'm so much more aware. The energy keeps coming my way
As I buzz through life and play
Nature Baby being free
Nature Baby that is me
That is what is meant to be. Nature Baby gave the garden lots of love and energy
And now the gardens have surrounded me with beauty
And the heavenly scents from each flower in bloom
As we share the space within this big room. Nature Baby as free as a bird
Nature Baby not speaking a word.You listen
with twisting awkwardness
squirming in
my remembrances
of you
as I tell you
of you
at 2
And oh...the things that you
would do!
Oh you...
a tentative teenager now
embarrassed at
your recent past
which seems so far removed from you
but not for me
You trying to be
cool & sophisticated like
a Spice Girl
Girl power!
Years later you will have changed again
and deny you ever were:
'No…I never!'
but ah…yes you were!
You take
your grinning boyfriend
by the hand
imploring him:
“Don’t listen to my old man! ”Ode to baby
In some small ways when you think about it
How much happiness he will give you when he arrives
But as we look around everything will change when he will be here
The baby will need my attention than
He will need me there to take care of him
And I will give him all my love
I will than hear just a whisper of what the heart of this baby needs to say
It will make a difference in some small ways
In that baby’s heart will lay the key
That unlocks his destiny
You will be a miracle baby
You will sleep tight my precious one
In that crib
Beautiful Baby
Every day
Will get better
Lullabies I will sing to you
And you will sleep tight every night
And when you come we will share that beautiful world together
That baby will live with the one he loves
And I hope one day when that baby is grown up we can be all proud of him
Of course we will be proud of his parents also
And I will be proud to be your uncle always
This baby’s spirit will always be alive
For now I just have to wait for you first to come to my world
And than to be a part of my life
Baby you are in my prayers
Every day
I believe that this baby will be my future
I will teach him well
I will teach him what is right and what is wrong
I will belong to you once you will arriveWhen your mother was crying in pain,
I took her to hospital, then I heard your
mother's loud scream along with your soft cry
Your mother brought you into this world as an angel.
You were lying next to your mother innocently
My son, your cry brought tears of love in my eyes
When I looked at you first my heart filled with happiness
You were looking very healthy boy
You were trying to look at me through your fresh new eyes
I saw your tiny legs were rocking in the air
and your tiny hands were clapping for me
I gave one of my fingers to you to hold and you held me tightly
and you want to kiss my finger too
When I wrap you in my arms I felt that my dream come true
We waited for you so long and your arrival made our house lighten
God has listen to our prayers and given you as his gift.
I will be watching you growing up and teach you all the good things
You will be learning all the best and I am sure that you will show me
your best when you wear your cap and gown on your graduation day.We're gonna have a baby!
Daddy told me yesterday.
A baby brother or a sister,
Mommy's growing it each day.
It's right there in her tummy.
Can you see it?  It's right there.
I can hold my hand and feel it move
'cause Mommy doesn't care.
I wonder, does it like the things
that Mommy has to eat?
All those yucky vegetables?
All that hard to chew up meat?
I hope that it comes out of there
before I get too old...
Uh oh, Mommy's eating ice cream.
Will that make the baby cold?They emerge; and as they do,
your whole world is re-shaped;
you’re stunned - as Adam must have been -
with the miracle of birth;
They come as miniature perfection –
who reads the small-print warning clause?
‘These goods come without a life-time guarantee…’
But you don’t pause to dream their own world for them –
except to count, in wonder, fingers, toes;
they come as answer to your whole life up to now;
right now, they laugh and cry as Love itself;
poems as babies in the heart and mind.He lay within a warm, soft world
Of motion. Colors bloomed and fled,
Maroon and turquoise, saffron, red,
Wave upon wave that broke and whirled
To vanish in the grey-green gloom,
Perspectiveless and shadowy.
A bulging world that had no walls,
A flowing world, most like the sea,
Compassing all infinity
Within a shapeless, ebbing room,
An endless tide that swells and falls . . .
He slept and woke and slept again.
As a veil drops Time dropped away;
Space grew a toy for children's play,
Sleep bolted fast the gates of Sense --
He lay in naked impotence;
Like a drenched moth that creeps and crawls
Heavily up brown, light-baked walls,
To fall in wreck, her task undone,
Yet somehow striving toward the sun.
So, as he slept, his hands clenched tighter,
Shut in the old way of the fighter,
His feet curled up to grip the ground,
His muscles tautened for a bound;
And though he felt, and felt alone,
Strange brightness stirred him to the bone,
Cravings to rise -- till deeper sleep
Buried the hope, the call, the leap;
A wind puffed out his mind's faint spark.
He was absorbed into the dark.
He woke again and felt a surge
Within him, a mysterious urge
That grew one hungry flame of passion;
The whole world altered shape and fashion.
Deceived, befooled, bereft and torn,
He scourged the heavens with his scorn,
Lifting a bitter voice to cry
Against the eternal treachery --
Till, suddenly, he found the breast,
And ceased, and all things were at rest,
The earth grew one warm languid sea
And he a wave. Joy, tingling, crept
Throughout him. He was quenched and slept.
So, while the moon made broad her ring,
He slept and cried and was a king.
So, worthily, he acted o'er
The endless miracle once more.
Facing immense adventures daily,
He strove still onward, weeping, gaily,
Conquered or fled from them, but grew
As soil-starved, rough pine-saplings do.
Till, one day, crawling seemed suspect.
He gripped the air and stood erect
And splendid. With immortal rage
He entered on man's heritage!I try and rise above the fear-induced fog in my mind
Above the lemon-rind bitterness that loving and leaving
Leaves behind, residual regret resounds off the walls
Of my aching but throbbingly alive consciousness
Cool clear skies beckon with the promise of freedom
Of clarity, peace of mind, rare insight and flight
But my attachment to the past is cemented
Like the stubborn slivers that truss the clam to its shell
And the barnacle to its rock, calm reason and stock taking
Do not help sever these ties that bind and gag but only drag
Me deeper down into the morass – steaming, fuming
With noxious odors and malodorous vapors
That simply swell the fog to cumbersome proportions
Rise I will though, buoyed by the spirit within my very cells
Ringing with life and the promise that the future holds many surprises
“The universe is filled with magical things waiting for us mortals to sharpen our wits”
(28th April,2001)$5000.00 for every new baby born in America
They heard your promise and they will come in droves
With pregnant underbelly and ovens warm
They will come to collect their share of our wealth
The ignorant and unskilled
The poor and the down trodden
The uneducated migrant working masses
An invasion is inevitable
America is for sale
If we elect Hillary ClintonBaby, sweet baby, with tears in your eyes
Rest your head gently, there's no need to cry,
Come let me sing you a soft lullaby
The sandman is coming and dreamland is nigh;
Baby, sweet  baby, with skin soft and fair
And little pink ribbons done up in your hair,
In your tiny world there should not be a care
May angels surround you and send you a prayer;
Baby, sweet baby, your cute button nose
Your soft tiny fingers and sweet baby toes
Have truly bewitched me and nobody knows
How the depth of my love for you just grows and grows;
So precious and tender  your love is to me,
Until I first held you, I never could see
How wonderfully magical my life could be -
You've opened my heart and my spirit is free!
For my sweet little angel Shelby Lynnthe time i dropped your almost body down
down to meet the waters under the city
and run one with the sewage to the sea
what did i know about waters rushing back
what did i know about drowning
or being drowned
you would have been born in winter
in the year of the disconnected gas
and no car
we would have made the thin walk
over the genecy hill into the canada winds
to let you slip into a stranger's hands
if you were here i could tell you
these and some other things
and if i am ever less than a mountain
for your definite brothers and sisters
let the rivers wash over my head
let the sea take me for a spiller of seas
let black men call me stranger always
for your never named sakeAn elderly person - a prophet by trade -
With his quips and tips
On withered old lips,
He married a young and a beautiful maid;
The cunning old blade!
Though rather decayed,
He married a beautiful, beautiful maid.
She was only eighteen, and as fair as could be,
With her tempting smiles
And maidenly wiles,
And he was a trifle past seventy-three:
Now what she could see
Is a puzzle to me,
In a prophet of seventy - seventy-three!
Of all their acquaintances bidden (or bad)
With their loud high jinks
And underbred winks,
None thought they'd a family have - but they had;
A dear little lad
Who drove 'em half mad,
For he turned out a horribly fast little cad.
For when he was born he astonished all by,
With their "Law, dear me!"
"Did ever you see?"
He'd a pipe in his mouth and a glass in his eye,
A hat all awry -
An octagon tie -
And a miniature - miniature glass in his eye.
He grumbled at wearing a frock and a cap,
With his "Oh, dear, oh!"
And his "Hang it! 'oo know!"
And he turned up his nose at his excellent pap -
"My friends, it's a tap
Dat is not worf a rap."
(Now this was remarkably excellent pap.)
He'd chuck his nurse under the chin, and he'd say,
With his "Fal, lal, lal" -
"'Oo doosed fine gal!"
This shocking precocity drove 'em away:
"A month from to-day
Is as long as I'll stay -
Then I'd wish, if you please, for to toddle away."
His father, a simple old gentleman, he
With nursery rhyme
And "Once on a time,"
Would tell him the story of "Little Bo-P,"
"So pretty was she,
So pretty and wee,
As pretty, as pretty, as pretty could be."
But the babe, with a dig that would startle an ox,
With his "C'ck!  Oh, my! -
Go along wiz 'oo, fie!"
Would exclaim, "I'm afraid 'oo a socking ole fox."
Now a father it shocks,
And it whitens his locks,
When his little babe calls him a shocking old fox.
The name of his father he'd couple and pair
(With his ill-bred laugh,
And insolent chaff)
With those of the nursery heroines rare -
Virginia the Fair,
Or Good Goldenhair,
Till the nuisance was more than a prophet could bear.
"There's Jill and White Cat" (said the bold little brat,
With his loud, "Ha, ha!")
"'Oo sly ickle Pa!
Wiz 'oo Beauty, Bo-Peep, and 'oo Mrs. Jack Sprat!
I've noticed 'oo pat
MY pretty White Cat -
I sink dear mamma ought to know about dat!"
He early determined to marry and wive,
For better or worse
With his elderly nurse -
Which the poor little boy didn't live to contrive:
His hearth didn't thrive -
No longer alive,
He died an enfeebled old dotard at five!
MORAL.
Now, elderly men of the bachelor crew,
With wrinkled hose
And spectacled nose,
Don't marry at all - you may take it as true
If ever you do
The step you will rue,
For your babes will be elderly - elderly too.Little baby firefly
when your night is through
does your mommy tuck you in
and tell you she loves you?
Does she kiss your forehead
and say in morning's light...
'Day-day little sleepyhead,
close your eyes, put out your light.'volanic eruption
baby turtles flocks
out of the sand
It is like an volcanic eruption when you view baby turtles coming out of the sand after they are hatched. Most of them by instinct would move out to sea. Despite the large number of turtles - at least a hundred of them -  from each mother turtle, very few actually live up to be adults as pollution and poaching kill many of them. The best place to view turtles now is in Pulau Redang, and its surrounding islands.fengshui master
hatched turtles know instantly
the direction to head for
baby leatherbacks
the little big eyed all head
towards sea
baby leatherbacks
see you in 30 years
at this same beach
instinct instinct
incubated baby leatherbacks
but the sea is in their genes
humans make all the difference
giant sea turtle hurled out
for a land burial
l
Two days ago, I watched baby leatherbacks being released into sea. They all went on direction with a single will. None headed the other way. It made me realise that the sea must be in their genes. Baby turtles' eyes are large in comparison to their size. However on the same day, a dead giant green turtle was hurled out of the sea. It was decomposing, perhaps dead for three weeks. They buried it on Tioman Marine Park beach. Tioman Island is among the top 10 world's most beautiful islands.Clouds gather
as we gather
cloudberries
the hidden
secret
precious patches
of fruit.
My wife
smiles
ripens
to my touch.
* * *
Finns treat cloudberries as precious...the sun made flesh. They have their own secret stashes in forests that they hope no one else will discover and go to elaborate lenghts and suberfuge to keep their stash secret.  They glow in bottles as if they were captured sunlight.
My wife was becoming unknowingly pregnant and this too was our hidden secret soon to be revealed to us.  The sun made flesh.
Wava is the Finnish for baba and I use to call her this 'cos I loved the way the sound caressed her and loved her like I did.You flew in softly and tiptoed in my life
My parched soul got a reprieve
My heart is now your permanent home
We shall play with elves and gnomes
The moon will sing with me a lullaby
The stars do a slow tambourine dance in the sky
My blurred vision suddenly got a divine sight
You are the soul of my soul, my eternal light
There is a river gushing inside me
You are the fountain, you are my chi
I hear nothing but your sweet voice
You shimmer, you glisten and I rejoice
You, my darling are my inner sun
You are the song that I will hum
Today, tomorrow and forever
Your inner light I shall devour
You are the ink on my heart that will never blur
The calligraphy etched deep inside
You have fulfilled a deep void
You are my baby, my love, my joy, my prideAs the nightingale sings its song
And the serpent slides into where it belongs
The fox after its feast gets up and yawns
The cuckoo croons and sings to the swans
I walk in the woods where the spring has awakened
The wild flowers blossom and threaten to apprehend
I ask myself, what did I do to have found you
What will I have to do to keep you, my dew
To have luck continue my way
You are my love, you are my jay
I dreamed of you and made you my reality
And then put an end to my duality
I love the sight of you
You have made my life anew
I live to see you laugh, to hold your hand
To see you sleep, to be your magic wand
You please me more everyday
Life has shown me a new way
O Wind, please continue to blow my way
Life without her will be dark and gray
She is like a vision to the blind
Solution to all riddles you will find
My love for her is as measureless as the sky
Will never let you go or I shall dieI was hoping to find you there
But you are gone
My heart is in tatters
Completely torn!
Be for real, wont you baby
Why dont you just talk to me
Lets sail out in our boat
Into the open, in the high sea
Was it just my imagination
Or was it just your cold?
You seemed so far away
What we felt, doesnt hold?
Be for real, wont you baby
Why dont you just talk to me
Lets sail out in our boat
Into the open, in the high sea
I miss the crinkling dimple
I miss the warm spark
You have gone missing
Loneliness hits me stark
Be for real, wont you baby
Wont you just talk to me
Lets  sail out in our boat
Into the open, in the high seaShe picked a white daisy,
drew off petals easy,
said he loves me or does not
watched the white flower,
scared to get it over,
wondered what she had got,
her tears gleamed like dew
and the answer she knew,
picked flowers for a pot.Like big white and red eyes
opening under the skies
growing from a russet stalk
fragilely flowering
early in the new spring
when some people laugh and talk
they hardly ever see
your bright blooms hanging free
while chatting past they do walk.If it had been a tale,
Or story of the dale.
I would say it hurt kills time.
But it's a praise of Him
Who sit not nor stand ill,
But have a say in his clime.
It has been said of him:
Skillful and full of wits.
Yea! They explore right his prime.
18: 03: 13: 06: 13Butcher urging their knives:
Knives willing to take lifes.
Row of such folks In a Place.
Buyers taking their turn:
Eyes stern while some for fun.
Paying their bills for each taste.
Animals killed with no rites:
All Ills to them are right:
Market Of Life- A life's phase!
18: 03: 13: 06: 35We tend to know the wrong,
And get pulled by it's throng.
The result out, we swift curse!
We run away from truth,
Mar it's stem, despise it fruit.
And expect its result.
Your decision is you,
You have a choice of rule.
Discern the coin in your purse!
18: 03: 13: 06: 50Carnations grow lovely,
perfect beauty I see
in vivid colours of white
red, pink, some are yellow
with loveliness they glow,
are usually quite bright,
they smell somewhat like cloves,
have purity of doves,
they are flowers drawing sight.I see them playing it
Namely an out date fit
Hide and sick and hide and sick;
Some are treating forward
Some are retreating that
With some tools to box and kick;
They are out of any shame
Just like nonsense children
For all the times quite and quite.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza| 28 November,2017You open with the red sun
with small petals that run
over walls from tiny seeds
in purple-blue small cups
everywhere streaming up.
People see you as a weed
while in clusters you grow
opening from the first glow,
are very lovely indeed.Myself is a person
Need some of well tension
For nation and for country;
Cultivating virtue
No need like tall statue
But love and sincerity;
As a social member
Living all together
Need every self quality.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza| 30 November,2017Pleasure, pleasure, pleasure
In life where is pleasure?
Let me seek in this stanza;
Loving others by mind
The pleasure we can find
Without losing any paisa;
Helping others in time
If we can with any thing
Making mind for that visa.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza| 28 November,2017So lovely on that morn
when our kisses were born,
beauty had joy forever
and somehow we did change,
but it did not feel strange,
I wish it to be never
much different from this
a fragile kind of kiss,
the flower wilts however.Soul Searching- Balassi Stanza
Soul was searching his mate,
from life to life in haste,
unable to find him close-
he decided to end,
his own life and amend,
path of journey to recourse;
never-felt-idea soot,
ending life is no good,
cowards fall in prey, remorse.
Life's course is all destined,
start and end, determined,
why to disturb the path, chain?
Live life to full extent,
be kind and heart's content,
share your love and not your pain.
Soul will find his soulmate,
be in this life or next;
have belief in His domain.
raj@singapore
17-09-2016Through the woods we both went,
together time to spent,
as we walked in the hills
we saw the deep blue sea
were somehow quite happy
your hair was like daffodils
had a bright yellow glow
such bliss I did not know,
forgot about all the ills.
© Gert StrydomWhen purple petals show
speckled black and yellow,
a small modest lily spread
lovely vivid colours
blooming for many hours
as she opens her bright head
and as time passes by
she draws the human eye
before she withers, are dead.The burden of hard hitting. Slug away
Like Honus Wagner or like Tyrus Cobb.
Else fandom shouteth: "Who said you could play?
Back to the jasper league, you minor slob!"
Swat, hit, connect, line out, goet on the job.
Else you shall feel the brunt of fandom's ire
Biff, bang it, clout it, hit it on the knob -
This is the end of every fan's desire.
The burden of good pitching. Curved or straight.
Or in or out, or haply up or down,
To puzzle him that standeth by the plate,
To lessen, so to speak, his bat-renown:
Like Christy Mathewson or Miner Brown,
So pitch that every man can but admire
And offer you the freedom of the town -
This is the end of every fan's desire.
The burden of loud cheering. O the sounds!
The tumult and the shouting from the throats
Of forty thousand at the Polo Grounds
Sitting, ay, standing sans their hats and coats.
A mighty cheer that possibly denotes
That Cub or Pirate fat is in the fire;
Or, as H. James would say, We've got their goats -
This is the end of every fan's desire.
The burden of a pennant. O the hope,
The tenuous hope, the hope that's half a fear,
The lengthy season and the boundless dope,
And the bromidic, "Wait until next year."
O dread disgrace of trailing in the rear,
O Piece of Bunting, flying high and higher
That next October it shall flutter here:
This is the end of every fan's desire.
ENVOY
Ah, Fans, let not the Quarry but the Chase
Be that to which most fondly we aspire!
For us not Stake, but Game; not Goal, but Race -
THIS is the end of every fan's desire.Some words are bullets
some mouths resemble barrels
certain tongues triggersA Ballad of Burdens
The burden of fair women. Vain delight,
And love self-slain in some sweet shameful way,
And sorrowful old age that comes by night
As a thief comes that has no heart by day,
And change that finds fair cheeks and leaves them grey,
And weariness that keeps awake for hire,
And grief that says what pleasure used to say;
This is the end of every man's desire.
The burden of bought kisses. This is sore,
A burden without fruit in childbearing;
Between the nightfall and the dawn threescore,
Threescore between the dawn and evening.
The shuddering in thy lips, the shuddering
In thy sad eyelids tremulous like fire,
Makes love seem shameful and a wretched thing.
This is the end of every man's desire.
The burden of sweet speeches. Nay, kneel down,
Cover thy head, and weep; for verily
These market-men that buy thy white and brown
In the last days shall take no thought for thee.
In the last days like earth thy face shall be,
Yea, like sea-marsh made thick with brine and mire,
Sad with sick leavings of the sterile sea.
This is the end of every man's desire.
The burden of long living. Thou shalt fear
Waking, and sleeping mourn upon thy bed;
And say at night "Would God the day were here,"
And say at dawn "Would God the day were dead."
With weary days thou shalt be clothed and fed,
And wear remorse of heart for thine attire,
Pain for thy girdle and sorrow upon thine head;
This is the end of every man's desire.
The burden of bright colours. Thou shalt see
Gold tarnished, and the grey above the green;
And as the thing thou seest thy face shall be,
And no more as the thing beforetime seen.
And thou shalt say of mercy "It hath been,"
And living, watch the old lips and loves expire,
And talking, tears shall take thy breath between;
This is the end of every man's desire.
The burden of sad sayings. In that day
Thou shalt tell all thy days and hours, and tell
Thy times and ways and words of love, and say
How one was dear and one desirable,
And sweet was life to hear and sweet to smell,
But now with lights reverse the old hours retire
And the last hour is shod with fire from hell;
This is the end of every man's desire.
The burden of four seasons. Rain in spring,
White rain and wind among the tender trees;
A summer of green sorrows gathering,
Rank autumn in a mist of miseries,
With sad face set towards the year, that sees
The charred ash drop out of the dropping pyre,
And winter wan with many maladies;
This is the end of every man's desire.
The burden of dead faces. Out of sight
And out of love, beyond the reach of hands,
Changed in the changing of the dark and light,
They walk and weep about the barren lands
Where no seed is nor any garner stands,
Where in short breaths the doubtful days respire,
And time's turned glass lets through the sighing sands;
This is the end of every man's desire.
The burden of much gladness. Life and lust
Forsake thee, and the face of thy delight;
And underfoot the heavy hour strews dust,
And overhead strange weathers burn and bite;
And where the red was, lo the bloodless white,
And where the truth was, the likeness of a liar,
And where the day was, the likeness of the night;
This is the end of every man's desire.
L'ENVOY
Princes, and ye whom pleasure quickeneth,
Heed well this rhyme before your pleasure tire;
For life is sweet, but after life is death.
This is the end of every man's desire.If down here I chance to die,
Solemnly I beg you take
All that is left of "I"
To the Hills for old sake's sake,
Pack me very thoroughly
In the ice that used to slake
Pegs I drank when I was dry --
This observe for old sake's sake.
To the railway station hie,
There a single ticket take
For Umballa -- goods-train -- I
Shall not mind delay or shake.
I shall rest contentedly
Spite of clamor coolies make;
Thus in state and dignity
Send me up for old sake's sake.
Next the sleepy Babu wake,
Book a Kalka van "for four."
Few, I think, will care to make
Journeys with me any more
As they used to do of yore.
I shall need a "special" break --
Thing I never took before --
Get me one for old sake's sake.
After that -- arrangements make.
No hotel will take me in,
And a bullock's back would break
'Neath the teak and leaden skin
Tonga ropes are frail and thin,
Or, did I a back-seat take,
In a tonga I might spin, --
Do your best for old sake's sake.
After that -- your work is done.
Recollect a Padre must
Mourn the dear departed one --
Throw the ashes and the dust.
Don't go down at once. I trust
You will find excuse to "snake
Three days' casual on the bust."
Get your fun for old sake's sake.
I could never stand the Plains.
Think of blazing June and May
Think of those September rains
Yearly till the Judgment Day!
I should never rest in peace,
I should sweat and lie awake.
Rail me then, on my decease,
To the Hills for old sake's sake.Kneel down, fair Love, and fill thyself with tears,
Girdle thyself with sighing for a girth
Upon the sides of mirth,
Cover thy lips and eyelids, let thine ears
Be filled with rumour of people sorrowing;
Make thee soft raiment out of woven sighs
Upon the flesh to cleave,
Set pains therein and many a grievous thing,
And many sorrows after each his wise
For armlet and for gorget and for sleeve.
O Love's lute heard about the lands of death,
Left hanged upon the trees that were therein;
O Love and Time and Sin,
Three singing mouths that mourn now underbreath,
Three lovers, each one evil spoken of;
O smitten lips wherethrough this voice of mine
Came softer with her praise;
Abide a little for our lady's love.
The kisses of her mouth were more than wine,
And more than peace the passage of her days.
O Love, thou knowest if she were good to see.
O Time, thou shalt not find in any land
Till, cast out of thine hand,
The sunlight and the moonlight fail from thee,
Another woman fashioned like as this.
O Sin, thou knowest that all thy shame in her
Was made a goodly thing;
Yea, she caught Shame and shamed him with her kiss,
With her fair kiss, and lips much lovelier
Than lips of amorous roses in late spring.
By night there stood over against my bed
Queen Venus with a hood striped gold and black,
Both sides drawn fully back
From brows wherein the sad blood failed of red,
And temples drained of purple and full of death.
Her curled hair had the wave of sea-water
And the sea's gold in it.
Her eyes were as a dove's that sickeneth.
Strewn dust of gold she had shed over her,
And pearl and purple and amber on her feet.
Upon her raiment of dyed sendaline
Were painted all the secret ways of love
And covered things thereof,
That hold delight as grape-flowers hold their wine;
Red mouths of maidens and red feet of doves,
And brides that kept within the bride-chamber
Their garment of soft shame,
And weeping faces of the wearied loves
That swoon in sleep and awake wearier,
With heat of lips and hair shed out like flame.
The tears that through her eyelids fell on me
Made mine own bitter where they ran between
As blood had fallen therein,
She saying; Arise, lift up thine eyes and see
If any glad thing be or any good
Now the best thing is taken forth of us;
Even she to whom all praise
Was as one flower in a great multitude,
One glorious flower of many and glorious,
One day found gracious among many days:
Even she whose handmaiden was Love--to whom
At kissing times across her stateliest bed
Kings bowed themselves and shed
Pale wine, and honey with the honeycomb,
And spikenard bruised for a burnt-offering;
Even she between whose lips the kiss became
As fire and frankincense;
Whose hair was as gold raiment on a king,
Whose eyes were as the morning purged with flame,
Whose eyelids as sweet savour issuing thence.
Then I beheld, and lo on the other side
My lady's likeness crowned and robed and dead.
Sweet still, but now not red,
Was the shut mouth whereby men lived and died.
And sweet, but emptied of the blood's blue shade,
The great curled eyelids that withheld her eyes.
And sweet, but like spoilt gold,
The weight of colour in her tresses weighed.
And sweet, but as a vesture with new dyes,
The body that was clothed with love of old.
Ah! that my tears filled all her woven hair
And all the hollow bosom of her gown--
Ah! that my tears ran down
Even to the place where many kisses were,
Even where her parted breast-flowers have place,
Even where they are cloven apart--who knows not this?
Ah! the flowers cleave apart
And their sweet fills the tender interspace;
Ah! the leaves grown thereof were things to kiss
Ere their fine gold was tarnished at the heart.
Ah! in the days when God did good to me,
Each part about her was a righteous thing;
Her mouth an almsgiving,
The glory of her garments charity,
The beauty of her bosom a good deed,
In the good days when God kept sight of us;
Love lay upon her eyes,
And on that hair whereof the world takes heed;
And all her body was more virtuous
Than souls of women fashioned otherwise.
Now, ballad, gather poppies in thine hands
And sheaves of brier and many rusted sheaves
Rain-rotten in rank lands,
Waste marigold and late unhappy leaves
And grass that fades ere any of it be mown;
And when thy bosom is filled full thereof
Seek out Death's face ere the light altereth,
And say "My master that was thrall to Love
Is become thrall to Death."
Bow down before him, ballad, sigh and groan.
But make no sojourn in thy outgoing;
For haply it may be
That when thy feet return at evening
Death shall come in with thee.I hid my heart in a nest of roses,
Out of the sun's way, hidden apart;
In a softer bed than the soft white snow's is,
Under the roses I hid my heart.
Why would it sleep not? why should it start,
When never a leaf of the rose-tree stirred?
What made sleep flutter his wings and part?
Only the song of a secret bird.
Lie still, I said, for the wind's wing closes,
And mild leaves muffle the keen sun's dart;
Lie still, for the wind on the warm seas dozes,
And the wind is unquieter yet than thou art.
Does a thought in thee still as a thorn's wound smart?
Does the fang still fret thee of hope deferred?
What bids the lips of thy sleep dispart?
Only the song of a secret bird.
The green land's name that a charm encloses,
It never was writ in the traveller's chart,
And sweet on its trees as the fruit that grows is,
It never was sold in the merchant's mart.
The swallows of dreams through its dim fields dart,
And sleep's are the tunes in its tree-tops heard;
No hound's note wakens the wildwood hart,
Only the song of a secret bird.
ENVOI
In the world of dreams I have chosen my part,
To sleep for a season and hear no word
Of true love's truth or of light love's art,
Only the song of a secret bird.The railway rattled and roared and swung
With jolting and bumping trucks.
The sun, like a billiard red ball, hung
In the Western sky: and the tireless tongue
Of the wild-eyed man in the corner told
This terrible tale of the days of old,
And the party that ought to have kept the ducks.
"Well, it ain't all joy bein' on the land
With an overdraft that'd knock you flat;
And the rabbits have pretty well took command;
But the hardest thing for a man to stand
Is the feller who says 'Well I told you so!
You should ha' done this way, don't you know!' --
I could lay a bait for a man like that.
"The grasshoppers struck us in ninety-one
And what they leave -- well, it ain't de luxe.
But a growlin' fault-findin' son of a gun
Who'd lent some money to stock our run --
I said they'd eaten what grass we had --
Says he, 'Your management's very bad;
You had a right to have kept some ducks!'
"To have kept some ducks! And the place was white!
Wherever you went you had to tread
On grasshoppers guzzlin' day and night;
And then with a swoosh they rose in flight,
If you didn't look out for yourself they'd fly
Like bullets into your open eye
And knock it out of the back of your head.
"There isn't a turkey or goose or swan,
Or a duck that quacks, or a hen that clucks,
Can make a difference on a run
When a grasshopper plague has once begun;
'If you'd finance us,' I says, 'I'd buy
Ten thousand emus and have a try;
The job,' I says, 'is too big for ducks!
"'You must fetch a duck when you come to stay;
A great big duck -- a Muscovy toff --
Ready and fit,' I says, 'for the fray;
And if the grasshoppers come our way
You turn your duck into the lucerne patch,
And I'd be ready to make a match
That the grasshoppers eat his feathers off!"
"He came to visit us by and by,
And it just so happened one day in spring
A kind of cloud came over the sky --
A wall of grasshoppers nine miles high,
And nine miles thick, and nine hundred wide,
Flyin' in regiments, side by side,
And eatin' up every living thing.
"All day long, like a shower of rain,
You'd hear 'em smackin' against the wall,
Tap, tap, tap, on the window pane,
And they'd rise and jump at the house again
Till their crippled carcasses piled outside.
But what did it matter if thousands died --
A million wouldn't be missed at all.
"We were drinkin' grasshoppers -- so to speak --
Till we skimmed their carcasses off the spring;
And they fell so thick in the station creek
They choked the waterholes all the week.
There was scarcely room for a trout to rise,
And they'd only take artificial flies --
They got so sick of the real thing.
"An Arctic snowstorm was beat to rags
When the hoppers rose for their morning flight
With the flapping noise like a million flags:
And the kitchen chimney was stuffed with bags
For they'd fall right into the fire, and fry
Till the cook sat down and began to cry --
And never a duck or fowl in sight.
"We strolled across to the railroad track --
Under a cover beneath some trucks,
I sees a feather and hears a quack;
I stoops and I pulls the tarpaulin back --
Every duck in the place was there,
No good to them was the open air.
'Mister,' I says, 'There's your blanky ducks!'"Bird of the bitter bright grey golden morn
Scarce risen upon the dusk of dolorous years,
First of us all and sweetest singer born
Whose far shrill note the world of new men hears
Cleave the cold shuddering shade as twilight clears;
When song new-born put off the old world's attire
And felt its tune on her changed lips expire,
Writ foremost on the roll of them that came
Fresh girt for service of the latter lyre,
Villon, our sad bad glad mad brother's name!
Alas the joy, the sorrow, and the scorn,
That clothed thy life with hopes and sins and fears,
And gave thee stones for bread and tares for corn
And plume-plucked gaol-birds for thy starveling peers
Till death clipt close their flight with shameful shears;
Till shifts came short and loves were hard to hire,
When lilt of song nor twitch of twangling wire
Could buy thee bread or kisses; when light fame
Spurned like a ball and haled through brake and briar,
Villon, our sad bad glad mad brother's name!
Poor splendid wings so frayed and soiled and torn!
Poor kind wild eyes so dashed with light quick tears!
Poor perfect voice, most blithe when most forlorn,
That rings athwart the sea whence no man steers
Like joy-bells crossed with death-bells in our ears!
What far delight has cooled the fierce desire
That like some ravenous bird was strong to tire
On that frail flesh and soul consumed with flame,
But left more sweet than roses to respire,
Villon, our sad bad glad mad brother's name?
Prince of sweet songs made out of tears and fire,
A harlot was thy nurse, a God thy sire;
Shame soiled thy song, and song assoiled thy shame.
But from thy feet now death has washed the mire,
Love reads out first at head of all our quire,
Villon, our sad bad glad mad brother's name.The firste stock-father of gentleness,
What man desireth gentle for to be,
Must follow his trace, and all his wittes dress,
Virtue to love, and vices for to flee;
For unto virtue longeth dignity,
And not the reverse, safely dare I deem,
All wear he mitre, crown, or diademe.
This firste stock was full of righteousness,
True of his word, sober, pious, and free,
Clean of his ghost, and loved business,
Against the vice of sloth, in honesty;
And, but his heir love virtue as did he,
He is not gentle, though he riche seem,
All wear he mitre, crown, or diademe.
Vice may well be heir to old richess,
But there may no man, as men may well see,
Bequeath his heir his virtuous nobless;
That is appropried to no degree,
But to the first Father in majesty,
Which makes his heire him that doth him queme,
All wear he mitre, crown, or diademe.'A letter from my love to-day!
Oh, unexpected, dear appeal!'
She struck a happy tear away,
And broke the crimson seal.
'My love, there is no help on earth,
No help in heaven; the dead-man's bell
Must toll our wedding; our first hearth
Must be the well-paved floor of hell.'
The colour died from out her face,
Her eyes like ghostly candles shone;
She cast dread looks about the place,
Then clenched her teeth and read right on.
'I may not pass the prison door;
Here must I rot from day to day,
Unless I wed whom I abhor,
My cousin, Blanche of Valencay.
'At midnight with my dagger keen,
I'll take my life; it must be so.
Meet me in hell to-night, my queen,
For weal and woe.'
She laughed although her face was wan,
She girded on her golden belt,
She took her jewelled ivory fan,
And at her glowing missal knelt.
Then rose, 'And am I mad?' she said:
She broke her fan, her belt untied;
With leather girt herself instead,
And stuck a dagger at her side.
She waited, shuddering in her room,
Till sleep had fallen on all the house.
She never flinched; she faced her doom:
They two must sin to keep their vows.
Then out into the night she went,
And, stooping, crept by hedge and tree;
Her rose-bush flung a snare of scent,
And caught a happy memory.
She fell, and lay a minute's space;
She tore the sward in her distress;
The dewy grass refreshed her face;
She rose and ran with lifted dress.
She started like a morn-caught ghost
Once when the moon came out and stood
To watch; the naked road she crossed,
And dived into the murmuring wood.
The branches snatched her streaming cloak;
A live thing shrieked; she made no stay!
She hurried to the trysting-oak—
Right well she knew the way.
Without a pause she bared her breast,
And drove her dagger home and fell,
And lay like one that takes her rest,
And died and wakened up in hell.
She bathed her spirit in the flame,
And near the centre took her post;
From all sides to her ears there came
The dreary anguish of the lost.
The devil started at her side,
Comely, and tall, and black as jet.
'I am young Malespina's bride;
Has he come hither yet?'
'My poppet, welcome to your bed.'
'Is Malespina here?'
'Not he! To-morrow he must wed
His cousin Blanche, my dear!'
'You lie, he died with me to-night.'
'Not he! it was a plot' ... 'You lie.'
'My dear, I never lie outright.'
'We died at midnight, he and I.'
The devil went. Without a groan
She, gathered up in one fierce prayer,
Took root in hell's midst all alone,
And waited for him there.
She dared to make herself at home
Amidst the wail, the uneasy stir.
The blood-stained flame that filled the dome,
Scentless and silent, shrouded her.
How long she stayed I cannot tell;
But when she felt his perfidy,
She marched across the floor of hell;
And all the damned stood up to see.
The devil stopped her at the brink:
She shook him off; she cried, 'Away!'
'My dear, you have gone mad, I think.'
'I was betrayed: I will not stay.'
Across the weltering deep she ran;
A stranger thing was never seen:
The damned stood silent to a man;
They saw the great gulf set between.
To her it seemed a meadow fair;
And flowers sprang up about her feet
She entered heaven; she climbed the stair
And knelt down at the mercy-seat.
Seraphs and saints with one great voice
Welcomed that soul that knew not fear.
Amazed to find it could rejoice,
Hell raised a hoarse, half-human cheer.It fell in the year of Mutiny,
At darkest of the night,
John Nicholson by Jalándhar came,
On his way to Delhi fight.
And as he by Jalándhar came,
He thought what he must do,
And he sent to the Rajah fair greeting,
To try if he were true.
"God grant your Highness length of days,
And friends when need shall be;
And I pray you send your Captains hither,
That they may speak with me."
On the morrow through Jalándhar town
The Captains rode in state;
They came to the house of John Nicholson,
And stood before the gate.
The chief of them was Mehtab Singh,
He was both proud and sly;
His turban gleamed with rubies red,
He held his chin full high.
He marked his fellows how they put
Their shoes from off their feet;
"Now wherefore make ye such ado
These fallen lords to greet?
"They have ruled us for a hundred years,
In truth I know not how,
But though they be fain of mastery
They dare not claim it now."
Right haughtily before them all
The durbar hall he trod,
With rubies red his turban gleamed,
His feet with pride were shod.
They had not been an hour together,
A scanty hour or so,
When Mehtab Singh rose in his place
And turned about to go.
Then swiftly came John Nicholson
Between the door and him,
With anger smouldering in his eyes,
That made the rubies dim.
"You are over-hasty, Mehtab Singh," --
Oh, but his voice was low!
He held his wrath with a curb of iron
That furrowed cheek and brow.
"You are over-hasty, Mehtab Singh,
When that the rest are gone,
I have a word that may not wait
To speak with you alone."
The Captains passed in silence forth
And stood the door behind;
To go before the game was played
Be sure they had no mind.
But there within John Nicholson
Turned him on Mehtab Singh,
"So long as the soul is in my body
You shall not do this thing.
"Have ye served us for a hundred years
And yet ye know not why?
We brook no doubt of our mastery,
We rule until we die.
"Were I the one last Englishman
Drawing the breath of life,
And you the master-rebel of all
That stir this land to strife --
"Were I," he said, "but a Corporal,
And you a Rajput King,
So long as the soul was in my body
You should not do this thing.
"Take off, take off, those shoes of pride,
Carry them whence they came;
Your Captains saw your insolence,
And they shall see your shame."
When Mehtab Singh came to the door
His shoes they burned his hand,
For there in long and silent lines
He saw the Captains stand.
When Mehtab Singh rode from the gate
His chin was on his breast:
The captains said, "When the strong command
Obedience is best."Strawberries that in gardens grow
Are plump and juicy fine,
But sweeter far as wise men know
Spring from the woodland vine.
No need for bowl or silver spoon,
Sugar or spice or cream,
Has the wild berry plucked in June
Beside the trickling stream.
One such to melt at the tongue's root,
Confounding taste with scent,
Beats a full peck of garden fruit:
Which points my argument.
May sudden justice overtake
And snap the froward pen,
That old and palsied poets shake
Against the minds of men;
Blasphemers trusting to hold caught
In far-flung webs of ink
The utmost ends of human thought,
Till nothing's left to think.
But may the gift of heavenly peace
And glory for all time
Keep the boy Tom who tending geese
First made the nursery rhyme.
By the brookside one August day,
Using the sun for clock,
Tom whiled the languid hours away
Beside his scattering flock,
Carving with a sharp pointed stone
On a broad slab of slate
The famous lives of Jumping Joan,
Dan Fox and Greedy Kate;
Rhyming of wolves and bears and birds,
Spain, Scotland, Babylon,
That sister Kate might learn the words
To tell to Toddling John.
But Kate, who could not stay content
To learn her lesson pat,
New beauty to the rough lines lent
By changing this or that;
And she herself set fresh things down
In corners of her slate,
Of lambs and lanes and London Town.
God's blessing fall on Kate!
The baby loved the simple sound,
With jolly glee he shook,
And soon the lines grew smooth and round
Like pebbles in Tom's brook,
From mouth to mouth told and retold
By children sprawled at ease
Before the fire in winter's cold,
In June beneath tall trees;
Till though long lost are stone and slate,
Though the brook no more runs,
And dead long time are Tom, John, Kate,
Their sons and their sons' sons;
Yet, as when Time with stealthy tread
Lays the rich garden waste,
The woodland berry ripe and red
Fails not in scent or taste,
So these same rhymes shall still be told
To children yet unborn,
While false philosophy growing old
Fades and is killed by scorn.The sun rises in south east corner of things
To look on the tall house of the Shin
For they have a daughter named Rafu,
(pretty girl)
She made the name for herself: 'Gauze Veil,'
For she feeds mulberries to silkworms.
She gets them by the south wall of the town.
With green strings she makes the warp of her basket,
She makes the shoulder-straps of her basket
from the boughs of Katsura,
And she piles her hair up on the left side of her headpiece.
Her earrings are made of pearl,
Her underskirt is of green pattern-silk,
Her overskirt is the same silk dyed in purple,
And when men going by look on Rafu
They set down their burdens,
They stand and twirl their moustaches.Kynge Jamy, Jomy your joye is all go.
Ye summoned our kynge. Why dyde ye so?
To you no thyng it dyde accorde
To sommom our kynge your soverayne lorde.
A kynge a sommer it is wonder;
Knowe ye not salte and suger asonder?
In your somnynage ye were to malaperte,
and your harolde no thynge experte;
Ye thought ye dyde it full valyauntolye,
But not worth thre skyppes of a pye.
Syr squyer-galyarde ye were to swyfte;
Your wyll renne before your wytte.
To be so scornefull to your alye
Your conseyle was not worth a flye.
Before the Frensshe kynge, Danes and other
Ye ought to honour your lorde and brother.
Trowe ye, Syr James, his noble grace
For you and your Scottes wolde tourne his face?
Now ye proude Scottes of Gelawaye
For your kynge may synge welawaye.
Now must ye knowe our kynge for your regent,
Your soverayne lorde and presedent.
In hym is figured Melchisedeche,
And ye be desolate as Armeleche.
He is our noble champyon,
A kynge anoynted, an ye be non.
Thrugh your counseyle your fader was slayne;
Wherfore I fere ye wyll suffre payne.
And ye proude Scottes of Dunbar,
Parde ye be his homager
And suters to his paylyment.
Ye dyde not your dewty therin,
Wyerfore ye may it now repent.
Ye bere yourselfe somwhat to bolde,
Therfore ye have lost your copyholde.
Ye be bounde tenauntes to his estate;
Give up your game, ye playe chek mate;
For to the castell of Norham
I understonde to soone ye cam,
For a prysoner therenow ye be
Eyther to the devyll or the trinite.
Thanked be saynte Gorge, our ladyes knythe,
Your pryd is paste, adwe, good nycht,
Ye have determyned to make a fraye,
Our kynge than beynge out of the waye;
But by the power and myght of God
Ye were beten weth your owne rod.
By your wanton wyll, syr,at a worde,
Ye have loste spores, cote armure and sworde.
Ye had be better to have busked to Huntley Bankes,
Than in Englonde to playe ony suche prankes;
But ye had some wyld sede to sowe,
Therefore ye be layde now full lowe.
Your power coude no lenger attayne
Warre with our kynge to meyntayne.
Of the kynge of Naverne ye may take hede
How unfortunately he doth now spede;
In double walles now he dooth dreme.
That is a kynge without a realme.
At hym example ye wolde none take;
Experyence hath brought you in the same brake.
Of the out yles ye rough foted Scottes
We have well eased you of the bottes.
Ye rowe ranke Scottes and dronken Danes
Of our Englysshe bowes ye have fette your banes.
It is not syttynge in tour nor towne
A sumner to were a kynges crowne.
That noble erle, the Whyte Lyon,
Your pompe and pryde hath layde a downe.
His sone the lorde admyrall is full good,
His swerde hath bathed in the Scottes blode.
God save kynge Henry and his lordes all
And sende the Frensshe kynge suche another fall.
Amen, for saynt charyte and God save noble
Kynge Henry the viij.Into the woods my Master went,
Clean forspent, forspent.
Into the woods my Master came,
Forspent with love and shame.
But the olives they were not blind to Him,
The little gray leaves were kind to Him:
The thorn-tree had a mind to Him
When into the woods He came.
Out of the woods my Master went,
And He was well content.
Out of the woods my Master came,
Content with death and shame.
When Death and Shame would woo Him last,
From under the trees they drew Him last:
'Twas on a tree they slew Him -  last
When out of the woods He came.Two knights rode forth at early dawn
A-seeking maids to wed,
Said one, "My lady must be fair,
With gold hair on her head."
Then spake the other knight-at-arms:
"I care not for her face,
But she I love must be a dove
For purity and grace."
And each knight blew upon his horn
And went his separate way,
And each knight found a lady-love
Before the fall of day.
But she was brown who should have had
The shining yellow hair --
I ween the knights forgot their words
Or else they ceased to care.
For he who wanted purity
Brought home a wanton wild,
And when each saw the other knight
I ween that each knight smiled.I have walked through tougher Harlem where few strangers dare to go
And I've been in London City in the rain and in the snow
And I've worked in inner Melbourne in the searing summer heat
And believe me if I tell you I have earned the bread I eat.
I have laboured in deep trenches with my life I've took a dare
And I've worked in cherry pickers ninety foot up in the air
And the hands of time keep turning and the years go quickly by
And the man who lives on welfare is still better off than I.
And who needs the tag of good worker it's no big deal anyway
He's a wiser and better off man who sits at home all day
And his conscience doesn't prick him isn't he the lucky one
And must I be one great idiot to go labouring in the sun.
I was low in social ladder and I still am way down low
And I feel my life's been wasted for my years have nought to show
Some may say he's a good worker that's of little use to me
All I need is lots of money I don't need your sympathy.
I felt happy for a brief while in a green Land miles away
In that beautiful green Country where I lived for many a day
I felt inwardly contented even though I was quite poor
Listening to the pipits piping in the meads of Annagloor.
Till the wanderlust possessed me I grew restless as the wind
Pity on all migrant workers, pity on all wandering kind
Went to live in foreign city worked with strong hard working men
But I've nought to show for labour I'm poor now as I was then.
In Ireland I cut down pine trees in the hills where bracken grow
And in Wales I picked potatoes many, many years ago
I have laboured for a living on myself I have been cruel
All the World laughs at an idiot all the World laughs at a fool.
I am getting old and weary and what hair I've left is gray
And I'm well beyond the fifty and I've seen a better day
And like the work weary work horse all the better years are gone
And I still work as a labourer and I still keep plodding on.
Please don't say he's a good worker such words I don't wish to hear
For I've nought to show for labour though I've worked for many a year
Words like 'good hard working fellow' does not do a thing for me
All I need is lots of money, I don't need your sympathy.Sometime this world was so steadfast and stable,
That man's word was held obligation;
And now it is so false and deceivable,
That word and work, as in conclusion,
Be nothing one; for turned up so down
Is all this world, through meed and wilfulness,
That all is lost for lack of steadfastness.
What makes this world to be so variable,
But lust that folk have in dissension?
For now-a-days a man is held unable
But if he can, by some collusion,
Do his neighbour wrong or oppression.
What causeth this but wilful wretchedness,
That all is lost for lack of steadfastness?
Truth is put down, reason is holden fable;
Virtue hath now no domination;
Pity exil'd, no wight is merciable;
Through covetise is blent discretion;
The worlde hath made permutation
From right to wrong, from truth to fickleness,
That all is lost for lack of steadfastness.
L'Envoy.
O Prince! desire to be honourable;
Cherish thy folk, and hate extortion;
Suffer nothing that may be reprovable
To thine estate, done in thy region;
Show forth the sword of castigation;
Dread God, do law, love thorough worthiness,
And wed thy folk again to steadfastness.Those who sailed at dawn
but will never return
left their trace on a wave--
a shell fell to the bottom of the sea
beautiful as lips turned to stone
those who walked on a sandy road
but could not reach the shuttered windows
though they already saw the roofs--
they have found shelter in a bell of air
but those who leave behind only
a room grown cold a few books
an empty inkwell white paper--
in truth they have not completely died
their whisper travels through thickets of wallpaper
their level head still lives in the ceiling
their paradise was made of air
of water lime and earth an angel of wind
will pulverize the body in its hand
they will be
carried over the meadows of this worldOH, I haven't got long to live, for we all
Die soon, e'en those who live longest;
And the poorest and weakest are taking their chance
Along with the richest and strongest.
So it's heigho for a glass and a song,
And a bright eye over the table,
And a dog for the hunt when the game is flush.
And the pick of a gentleman's stable.
There is Dimmock o' Dune, he was here yesternight,
But he's rotting to-day on Glen Arragh;
'Twas the hand o' MacPherson that gave him the blow,
And the vultures shall feast on his marrow.
But it's heigho for a brave old song
And a glass while we are able;
Here's a health to death and another cup
To the bright eye over the table.
I can show a broad back and a jolly deep chest,
But who argues now on appearance?
A blow or a thrust or a stumble at best
May send me to-day to my clearance.
Then it's heigho for the things I love,
My mother'll be soon wearing sable,
But give me my horse and my dog and my glass,
And a bright eye over the table.TO get betimes in Boston town, I rose this morning early;
Here's a good place at the corner--I must stand and see the show.
Clear the way there, Jonathan!
Way for the President's marshal! Way for the government cannon!
Way for the Federal foot and dragoons--and the apparitions copiously
tumbling.
I love to look on the stars and stripes--I hope the fifes will play
Yankee Doodle.
How bright shine the cutlasses of the foremost troops!
Every man holds his revolver, marching stiff through Boston town.
A fog follows--antiques of the same come limping,
Some appear wooden-legged, and some appear bandaged and bloodless. 10
Why this is indeed a show! It has called the dead out of the earth!
The old grave-yards of the hills have hurried to see!
Phantoms! phantoms countless by flank and rear!
Cock'd hats of mothy mould! crutches made of mist!
Arms in slings! old men leaning on young men's shoulders!
What troubles you, Yankee phantoms? What is all this chattering of
bare gums?
Does the ague convulse your limbs? Do you mistake your crutches for
fire-locks, and level them?
If you blind your eyes with tears, you will not see the President's
marshal;
If you groan such groans, you might balk the government cannon.
For shame, old maniacs! Bring down those toss'd arms, and let your
white hair be;                                               20
Here gape your great grand-sons--their wives gaze at them from the
windows,
See how well dress'd--see how orderly they conduct themselves.
Worse and worse! Can't you stand it? Are you retreating?
Is this hour with the living too dead for you?
Retreat then! Pell-mell!
To your graves! Back! back to the hills, old limpers!
I do not think you belong here, anyhow.
But there is one thing that belongs here--shall I tell you what it
is, gentlemen of Boston?
I will whisper it to the Mayor--he shall send a committee to England;
They shall get a grant from the Parliament, go with a cart to the
royal vault--haste!                                          30
Dig out King George's coffin, unwrap him quick from the grave-
clothes, box up his bones for a journey;
Find a swift Yankee clipper--here is freight for you, black-bellied
clipper,
Up with your anchor! shake out your sails! steer straight toward
Boston bay.
Now call for the President's marshal again, bring out the government
cannon,
Fetch home the roarers from Congress, make another procession, guard
it with foot and dragoons.
This centre-piece for them:
Look! all orderly citizens--look from the windows, women!
The committee open the box, set up the regal ribs, glue those that
will not stay,
Clap the skull on top of the ribs, and clap a crown on top of the
skull.
You have got your revenge, old buster! The crown is come to its own,
and more than its own.
Stick your hands in your pockets, Jonathan--you are a made man from
this day;                                                    40
You are mighty cute--and here is one of your bargains.Ye shepherds give ear to my lay,
And take no more heed of my sheep:
They have nothing to do but to stray;
I have nothing to do but to weep.
Yet do not my folly reprove;
She was fair -- and my passion begun;
She smil'd -- and I could not but love;
She is faithless -- and I am undone.
Perhaps I was void of all thought:
Perhaps it was plain to foresee,
That a nymph so compleat would be sought
By a swain more engaging than me.
Ah! love ev'ry hope can inspire;
It banishes wisdom the while;
And the lip of the nymph we admire
Seems for ever adorn'd with a smile.
She is faithless, and I am undone;
Ye that witness the woes I endure;
Let reason instruct you to shun
What it cannot instruct you to cure.
Beware how you loiter in vain
Amid nymphs of an higher degree:
It is not for me to explain
How fair, and how fickle they be.
Alas! from the day that we met,
What hope of an end to my woes?
When I cannot endure to forget
The glance that undid my repose.
Yet time may diminish the pain:
The flow'r, and the shrub, and the tree,
Which I rear'd for her pleasure in vain,
In time may have comfort for me.
The sweets of a dew-sprinkled rose,
The sound of a murmuring stream,
The peace which from solitude flows,
Henceforth shall be Corydon's theme.
High transports are shewn to the sight,
But we are not to find them our own;
Fate never bestow'd such delight,
As I with my Phyllis had known.
O ye woods, spread your branches apace;
To your deepest recesses I fly;
I would hide with the beasts of the chace;
I would vanish from every eye.
Yet my reed shall resound thro' the grove
With the same sad complaint it begun;
How she smil'd, and I could not but love;
Was faithless, and I am undone!Which, in the Arabic language, is to the following purport:
I
THE Moorish King rides up and down,
Through Granada's royal town;
From Elvira's gate to those
Of Bivarambla on he goes.
Woe is me, Alhama!
II
Letters to the monarch tell
How Alhama's city fell:
In the fire the scroll he threw,
And the messenger he slew.
Woe is me, Albamal
III
He quits his mule, and mounts his horse,
And through the street directs his course;
Through the street of Zacatin
To the Alhambra spurring in.
Woe is me, Alhama!
IV
When the Alhambra walls he gain'd,
On the moment he ordain'd
That the trumpet straight should sound
With the silver clarion round.
Woe is me, Alhamal
V
And when the hollow drums of war
Beat the loud alarm afar,
That the Moors of town and plain
Might answer to the martial strain.
Woe is me, Alhama!
VI
Then the Moors, by this aware,
That bloody Mars recall'd them there,
One by one, and two by two,
To a mighty squadron grew.
Woe is me, Alhama!
VII
Out then spake an aged Moor
In these words the king before,
'Wherefore call on us, oh King?
What may mean this gathering?'
Woe is me, Alhama!
VIII
'Friends! ye have, alas! to know
Of a most disastrous blow;
That the Christians, stern and bold,
Have obtain'd Albania's hold.'
Woe is me, Alhama!
IX
Out then spake old Alfaqui,
With his beard so white to see,
'Good King! thou art justly served,
Good King! this thou hast deserved.
Woe is me, Alhama!
X
'By thee were slain, in evil hour,
The Abencerrage, Granada's flower;
And strangers were received by thee
Of Cordova the Chivalry.
Woe is me, Alhama!
XI
'And for this, oh King! is sent
On thee a double chastisement:
Thee and thine, thy crown and realm,
One last wreck shall overwhelm.
Woe is me, Alhama!
XII
'He who holds no laws in awe,
He must perish by the law;
And Granada must be won,
And thyself with her undone.'
Woe is me, Alhama!
XIII
Fire Crashed from out the old Moor's eyes,
The Monarch's wrath began to rise,
Because he answer'd, and because
He spake exceeding well of laws.
Woe is me, Alhama!
XIV
'There is no law to say such things
As may disgust the ear of kings:
'Thus, snorting with his choler, said
The Moorish King, and doom'd him dead.
Woe is me, Alhama!
XV
Moor Alfaqui! Moor Alfaqui!
Though thy beard so hoary be,
The King hath sent to have thee seized,
For Alhama's loss displeased.
Woe is me, Alhama!
XVI
And to fix thy head upon
High Alhambra's loftiest stone;
That thus for thee should be the law,
And others tremble when they saw.
Woe is me, Alhama!
XVII
'Cavalier, and man of worth!
Let these words of mine go forth!
Let the Moorish Monarch know,
That to him I nothing owe.
Woe is me, Alhama!
XVIII
'But on my soul Alhama weighs,
And on my inmost spirit preys;
And if the King his land hath lost,
Yet others may have lost the most.
Woe is me, Alhama!
XIX
'Sires have lost their children, wives
Their lords, and valiant men their lives!
One what best his love might claim
Hath lost, another wealth, or fame.
Woe is me, Alhama!
XX
'I lost a damsel in that hour,
Of all the land the loveliest flower;
Doubloons a hundred I would pay,
And think her ransom cheap that day.'
Woe is me, Alhama!
XXI
And as these things the old Moor said,
They sever'd from the trunk his head;
And to the Alhambra's wall with speed
'Twas carried, as the King decreed.
Woe is me, Alhama!
XXII
And men and infants therein weep
Their loss, so heavy and so deep;
Granada's ladies, all she rears
Within her walls, burst into tears.
Woe is me, Alhama!
XXIII
And from the windows o'er the walls
The sable web of mourning falls;
The King weeps as a woman o'er
His loss, for it is much and sore.
Woe is me, Alhama!SCENE: 'En ce bourdel ou tenons nostre estat.'
It being remembered that there were six of us with Master Villon, when
that expecting presently lo be hanged he writ a ballad whereof ye know:
‘Freres humains qui apres nous vivez.'
Drink ye a skoal for the gallows tree!
Francois and Margot and thee and me,
Drink we the comrades merrily
That said us, 'Till then' for the gallows tree!
Fat Pierre with the hook gauche-main,
Thomas Larron 'Ear-the-less',
Tybalde and that armouress
Who gave this poignard its premier stain
Pinning the Guise that had been fain
To make him a mate of the 'Haulte Noblesse'
And bade her be out with ill address
As a fool that mocketh his drue's disdeign.
Drink we a skoal for the gallows tree!
Francois and Margot and thee and me,
Drink we to Marienne Ydole,
That hell brenn not her o'er cruelly.
Drink we the lusty robbers twain,
Black is the pitch o' their wedding dress,
Lips shrunk back for the wind's caress
As lips shrink back when we feel the strain
Of love that loveth in hell's disdeign,
And sense the teeth through the lips that press
'Gainst our lips for the soul's distress
That striveth to ours across the pain.
Drink we skoal to the gallows tree!
Francois and Margot and thee and me,
For Jehan and Raoul de Vallerie
Whose frames have the night and its winds in fee.
Maturin, Guillaume, Jacques d'Allmain,
Culdou lacking a coat to bless
One lean moiety of his nakedness
That plundered St. Hubert back o' the fane:
Aie! the lean bare tree is widowed again
For Michault le Borgne that would confess
In 'faith and troth' to a traitoress,
'Which of his brothers had he slain?'
But drink we skoal to the gallows tree!
Francois and Margot and thee and me:
These that we loved shall God love less
And smite always at their faibleness?
Skoal!! to the gallows! and then pray we:
God damn his hell out speedily
And bring their souls to his 'Haulte Citee'.I speak of love that comes to mind:
The moon is faithful, although blind;
She moves in thought she cannot speak.
Perfect care has made her bleak.
I never dreamed the sea so deep,
The earth so dark; so long my sleep,
I have become another child.
I wake to see the world go wild.As I sate down to breakfast in state,
At my living of Tithing-cum-Boring,
With Betty beside me to wait,
Came a rap that almost beat the door in.
I laid down my basin of tea,
And Betty ceased spreading the toast,
"As sure as a gun, sir," said she,
"That must be the knock of the post."
A letter--and free--bring it here--
I have no correspondent who franks.
No! Yes! Can it be? Why, my dear,
'Tis our glorious, our Protestant Bankes.
"Dear sir, as I know you desire
That the Church should receive due protection,
I humbly presume to require
Your aid at the Cambridge election.
"It has lately been brought to my knowledge,
That the Ministers fully design
To suppress each cathedral and college,
And eject every learned divine.
To assist this detestable scheme
Three nuncios from Rome are come over;
They left Calais on Monday by steam,
And landed to dinner at Dover.
"An army of grim Cordeliers,
Well furnished with relics and vermin,
Will follow, Lord Westmoreland fears,
To effect what their chiefs may determine.
Lollard's bower, good authorities say,
Is again fitting up for a prison;
And a wood-merchant told me to-day
'Tis a wonder how faggots have risen.
"The finance scheme of Canning contains
A new Easter-offering tax;
And he means to devote all the gains
To a bounty on thumb-screws and racks.
Your living, so neat and compact--
Pray, don't let the news give you pain!--
Is promised, I know for a fact,
To an olive-faced Padre from Spain."
I read, and I felt my heart bleed,
Sore wounded with horror and pity;
So I flew, with all possible speed,
To our Protestant champion's committee.
True gentlemen, kind and well-bred!
No fleering! no distance! no scorn!
They asked after my wife who is dead,
And my children who never were born.
They then, like high-principled Tories,
Called our Sovereign unjust and unsteady,
And assailed him with scandalous stories,
Till the coach for the voters was ready.
That coach might be well called a casket
Of learning and brotherly love:
There were parsons in boot and in basket;
There were parsons below and above.
There were Sneaker and Griper, a pair
Who stick to Lord Mulesby like leeches;
A smug chaplain of plausible air,
Who writes my Lord Goslingham's speeches.
Dr Buzz, who alone is a host,
Who, with arguments weighty as lead,
Proves six times a week in the Post
That flesh somehow differs from bread.
Dr Nimrod, whose orthodox toes
Are seldom withdrawn from the stirrup;
Dr Humdrum, whose eloquence flows,
Like droppings of sweet poppy syrup;
Dr Rosygill puffing and fanning,
And wiping away perspiration;
Dr Humbug who proved Mr Canning
The beast in St John's Revelation.
A layman can scarce form a notion
Of our wonderful talk on the road;
Of the learning, the wit, and devotion,
Which almost each syllable showed:
Why divided allegiance agrees
So ill with our free constitution;
How Catholics swear as they please,
In hope of the priest's absolution;
How the Bishop of Norwich had bartered
His faith for a legate's commission;
How Lyndhurst, afraid to be martyr'd,
Had stooped to a base coalition;
How Papists are cased from compassion
By bigotry, stronger than steel;
How burning would soon come in fashion,
And how very bad it must feel.
We were all so much touched and excited
By a subject so direly sublime,
That the rules of politeness were slighted,
And we all of us talked at a time;
And in tones, which each moment grew louder,
Told how we should dress for the show,
And where we should fasten the powder,
And if we should bellow or no.
Thus from subject to subject we ran,
And the journey passed pleasantly o'er,
Till at last Dr Humdrum began;
From that time I remember no more.
At Ware he commenced his prelection,
In the dullest of clerical drones;
And when next I regained recollection
We were rambling o'er Trumpington stones.We had slaughtered a hundred white whales,
civilization was quite forgotten,
our lungs were burned out from smoking shag,
but on sighting port we blew out our chests like barrels
and began to speak to one another politely,
and with the noble goal of drinking
we went ashore from the schooner at Amderma.
In Amderma we walked like gods,
swaggering along with our hands on our hips,
and through the port our beards and sidewhiskers
kept their bearings on the pub,
and passing girls and shellbacks
as well as all the local dogs
went along with us as escort.
But, clouding the whole planet,
a notice hung in the shop: 'No Spirits! '
We looked at some sparkling wine from the Don
as if it were feeble fruit juice,
and through our agonized yearning
we realized-it wouldn't work.
Now who could have drunk our spirits, our vodka?
It's dreadful the way people drink-simply ruinous.
But skinny as a skeleton, Petka Markovsky from Odessa,
as it always happens with him,
suddenly disappeared somewhere
giving a secretive 'Sh-sshh! '
And shortly afterward, with much clinking,
he turned up with a huge cardboard box,
already slightly merry,
and it was a sweet clinking the box made
as we woke up to the fact: 'There she is! She's apples! '
and Markovsky gave us the wink: 'She's right! '
We made a splash, waving to everyone-
Chartered a deluxe room in the hotel
and sat down as we were on the bed.
Cords flew off the box
and there, in the glittering columns of the bottles,
bulging, stern, cosy,
absolutely hygienic-
triple-distilled eau de cologne stood before us!
And Markovsky rose, lifting his glass,
pulled down his seaman's jacket,
and began: 'I'd like to say something...'
'Then say it! ' everyone began to shout.
But before anything else
they wanted to wet their whistles.
Markovsky said: 'Come on-let's have a swig!
The doctor told me eau de cologne
is the best thing to keep the wrinkles away.
Let them judge us! -We don't give a damn!
We used to drink all sorts of wine!
When we were in Germany
we filled the radiators of our tanks
with wine from the Mosel.
We don't need consumer goods!
We need the wind, the sky!
Old mates, listen to this
in our souls, as though in the safe deposit:
We have the sea, our mothers and young brothers-
All the rest...is rubbish! '
Bestriding the earth like a giant,
Markovsky stood with a glass in his hand
that held the foaming seas.
The skipper observed: 'Everything is shipshape! '
and only the boatswain sobbed like a child:
'But my mother is dead...'
And we all began to burst into tears,
quite easily, quite shamelessly,
as if in the midst of our own families,
mourning with bitter tears
at first for the boatswain's mother,
and afterward simply for ourselves.
Already a rueful notice hung in the chemist's shop-
'No Triple Eau de Cologne'-
but eight of us sea wolves
sobbed over almost all of Russia!
And in our sobs we reeked
like eight barbershops.
Tears, like squalls,
swept away heaps of false values,
of puffed-up names,
and quietly remaining inside us
was only the sea, our mothers and young brothers-
even the mother who was dead...
I wept as though I was being set free,
I wept as if I was being born anew,
a different person from what I'd been,
and before God and before myself,
like the tears of those drunken whalemen,
my soul was pure.We’ve been bewitched by countless lies,
by azure images of ice,
by false promises of open sky and sea,
and rescued by a God we don’t believe.
Like coppers rattling from a beggar’s plate
guiding lights have fallen on our days
and burned and died.
We’ve pressed our ship
a pilgrimage of nights toward such lights
as, always elusive, lured and tricked
the keel upon the rocks and ripped
the helmhold from the hand and lashed
the beggared palm to scraps.
Ice tightens at the bow and breath.
To dock, to dropp the anchor to its rest,
to drift (a dream!)  on waters quieted
and calmed. We can’t. We’re after a mirage.
(The whiskered walrus brays; the sea salt thaws.
Again, we’re off!)
Raised on powdered milk, we’ll have no faith
in beacons any longer, nor mistake
real for fake, or waking for a dream.
Beacons can’t be trusted. Trust instead
the will of your own hand and head.
Again the captain waves his glass,
sights a beacon, turns and cries
'Helmsman! There’s a beacon. Are you blind? '
But Helmsman, with the truer eye
thinks mutiny and grumbles,
'A mirage.'Slowly I smoke and hug my knee,
The while a witless masquerade
Of things that only children see
Floats in a mist of light and shade:
They pass, a flimsy cavalcade,
And with a weak, remindful glow,
The falling embers break and fade,
As one by one the phantoms go.
Then, with a melancholy glee
To think where once my fancy strayed,
I muse on what the years may be
Whose coming tales are all unsaid,
Till tongs and shovel, snugly laid
Within their shadowed niches, grow
By grim degrees to pick and spade,
As one by one the phantoms go.
But then, what though the mystic Three
Around me ply their merry trade? --
And Charon soon may carry me
Across the gloomy Stygian glade? --
Be up, my soul! nor be afraid
Of what some unborn year may show;
But mind your human debts are paid,
As one by one the phantoms go.
ENVOY
Life is the game that must be played:
This truth at least, good friend, we know;
So live and laugh, nor be dismayed
As one by one the phantoms go.For God, our God is a gallant foe
That playeth behind the veil.
I have loved my God as a child at heart
That seeketh deep bosoms for rest,
I have loved my God as a maid to man—
But lo, this thing is best:
To love your God as a gallant foe that plays behind the veil;
To meet your God as the night winds meet beyond Arcturus' pale.
I have played with God for a woman,
I have staked with my God for truth,
I have lost to my God as a man, clear-eyed—
His dice be not of ruth.
For I am made as a naked blade,
But hear ye this thing in sooth:
Who loseth to God as man to man
Shall win at the turn of the game.
I have drawn my blade where the lightnings meet
But the ending is the same:
Who loseth to God as the sword blades lose
Shall win at the end of the game.
For God, our God is a gallant foe that playeth behind the veil.
Whom God deigns not to overthrow hath need of triple mail.Down by the flash of the restless water
The dim White Ship like a white bird lay;
Laughing at life and the world they sought her,
And out she swung to the silvering bay.
Then off they flew on their roystering way,
And the keen moon fired the light foam flying
Up from the flood where the faint stars play,
And the bones of the brave in the wave are lying.
'T was a king's fair son with a king's fair daughter,
And full three hundred beside, they say, --
Revelling on for the lone, cold slaughter
So soon to seize them and hide them for aye;
But they danced and they drank and their souls grew gay,
Nor ever they knew of a ghoul's eye spying
Their splendor a flickering phantom to stray
Where the bones of the brave in the wave are lying.
Through the mist of a drunken dream they brought her
(This wild white bird) for the sea-fiend's prey:
The pitiless reef in his hard clutch caught her,
And hurled her down where the dead men stay.
A torturing silence of wan dismay --
Shrieks and curses of mad souls dying --
Then down they sank to slumber and sway
Where the bones of the brave in the wave are lying.
ENVOY
Prince, do you sleep to the sound alway
Of the mournful surge and the sea-birds' crying? --
Or does love still shudder and steel still slay,
Where the bones of the brave in the wave are lying?Oh the green glimmer of apples in the orchard,
Lamps in a wash of rain!
Oh the wet walk of my brown hen through the stackyard,
Oh tears on the window pane!
Nothing now will ripen the bright green apples,
Full of disappointment and of rain,
Brackish they will taste, of tears, when the yellow dapples
Of autumn tell the withered tale again.
All round the yard it is cluck, my brown hen,
Cluck, and the rain-wet wings,
Cluck, my marigold bird, and again
Cluck for your yellow darlings.
For the grey rat found the gold thirteen
Huddled away in the dark,
Flutter for a moment, oh the beast is quick and keen,
Extinct one yellow-fluffy spark.
Once I had a lover bright like running water,
Once his face was laughing like the sky;
Open like the sky looking down in all its laughter
On the buttercups, and the buttercups was I.
What, then, is there hidden in the skirts of all the blossom?
What is peeping from your wings, oh mother hen?
’Tis the sun who asks the question, in a lovely haste for wisdom;
What a lovely haste for wisdom is in men!
Yea, but it is cruel when undressed is all the blossom,
And her shift is lying white upon the floor,
That a grey one, like a shadow, like a rat, a thief, a rain-storm,
Creeps upon her then and gathers in his store.
Oh the grey garner that is full of half-grown apples,
Oh the golden sparkles laid extinct!
And oh, behind the cloud-sheaves, like yellow autumn dapples,
Did you see the wicked sun that winked!DOWN harvest headlands the fairy host
Of the poppy banners have flashed and fled,
The lilies have faded like ghost and ghost,
The ripe rose rots in the garden bed.
The grain is garnered, the blooms are shed,
Convolvulus springs on the snowdrop’s bier,
In her stranded gold is the silver thread
Of the first grey hair i’ the head o’ the year.
Like an arrant knave from a bootless boast,
The fire-wind back to his North has sped
To harry the manes of a haunted coast
On a far sea-rim where the stars are dead.
Wistful the welkin with wordless dread,
Mournful the uplands, all ashen sere—
Sad for the snow on a beauteous head—
For the first grey hair i’ the head o’ the year.
Time trysts with Death at the finger-post,
Where the broken issues of life are wed—
Intone no dirges, fill up the toast
To the troops that trip it with silent tread,
Merry we’ll make it tho’ skies be lead,
And March-wind’s moan be a minstrel drear—
A truce to trouble!—we’ll drink instead
To the first grey hair i’ the head o’ the year.
South Esk sings on where the furze-fires spread,
But we’ll mourn no more as of old, my dear,
When gorse flames golden and briars flush red
With the first grey hair i’ the head o’ the year.In dreams I crossed a barren land,
A land of ruin, far away;
Around me hung on every hand
A deathful stillness of decay;
And silent, as in bleak dismay
That song should thus forsaken be,
On that forgotten ground there lay
The broken flutes of Arcady.
The forest that was all so grand
When pipes and tabors had their sway
Stood leafless now, a ghostly band
Of skeletons in cold array.
A lonely surge of ancient spray
Told of an unforgetful sea,
But iron blows had hushed for aye
The broken flutes of Arcady.
No more by summer breezes fanned,
The place was desolate and gray;
But still my dream was to command
New life into that shrunken clay.
I tried it. Yes, you scan to-day,
With uncommiserating glee,
The songs of one who strove to play
The broken flutes of Arcady.
ENVOY
So, Rock, I join the common fray,
To fight where Mammon may decree;
And leave, to crumble as they may,
The broken flutes of Arcady.As we the withered ferns
By the roadway lying,
Time, the jester, spurns
All our prayers and prying --
All our tears and sighing,
Sorrow, change, and woe --
All our where-and-whying
For friends that come and go.
Life awakes and burns,
Age and death defying,
Till at last it learns
All but Love is dying;
Love's the trade we're plying,
God has willed it so;
Shrouds are what we're buying
For friends that come and go.
Man forever yearns
For the thing that's flying.
Everywhere he turns,
Men to dust are drying, --
Dust that wanders, eying
(With eyes that hardly glow)
New faces, dimly spying
For friends that come and go.
ENVOY
And thus we all are nighing
The truth we fear to know:
Death will end our crying
For friends that come and go.'T was Fultah Fisher's boarding-house,
Where sailor-men reside,
And there were men of all the ports
From Mississip to Clyde,
And regally they spat and smoked,
And fearsomely they lied.
They lied about the purple Sea
That gave them scanty bread,
They lied about the Earth beneath,
The Heavens overhead,
For they had looked too often on
Black rum when that was red.
They told their tales of wreck and wrong,
Of shame and lust and fraud,
They backed their toughest statements with
The Brimstone of the Lord,
And crackling oaths went to and fro
Across the fist-banged board.
And there was Hans the blue-eyed Dane,
Bull-throated, bare of arm,
Who carried on his hairy chest
The maid Ultruda's charm --
The little silver crucifix
That keeps a man from harm.
And there was Jake Without-the-Ears,
And Pamba the Malay,
And Carboy Gin the Guinea cook,
And Luz from Vigo Bay,
And Honest Jack who sold them slops
And harvested their pay.
And there was Salem Hardieker,
A lean Bostonian he --
Russ, German, English, Halfbreed, Finn,
Yank, Dane, and Portugee,
At Fultah Fisher's boarding-house
They rested from the sea.
Now Anne of Austria shared their drinks,
Collinga knew her fame,
From Tarnau in Galicia
To Juan Bazaar she came,
To eat the bread of infamy
And take the wage of shame.
She held a dozen men to heel --
Rich spoil of war was hers,
In hose and gown and ring and chain,
From twenty mariners,
And, by Port Law, that week, men called
Her Salem Hardieker's.
But seamen learnt -- what landsmen know --
That neither gifts nor gain
Can hold a winking Light o' Love
Or Fancy's flight restrain,
When Anne of Austria rolled her eyes
On Hans the blue-eyed Dane.
Since Life is strife, and strife means knife,
From Howrah to the Bay,
And he may die before the dawn
Who liquored out the day,
In Fultah Fisher's boarding-house
We woo while yet we may.
But cold was Hans the blue-eyed Dane,
Bull-throated, bare of arm,
And laughter shook the chest beneath
The maid Ultruda's charm --
The little silver crucifix
That keeps a man from harm.
"You speak to Salem Hardieker;
"You was his girl, I know.
"I ship mineselfs to-morrow, see,
"Und round the Skaw we go,
"South, down the Cattegat, by Hjelm,
"To Besser in Saro."
When love rejected turns to hate,
All ill betide the man.
"You speak to Salem Hardieker" --
She spoke as woman can.
A scream -- a sob -- "He called me -- names!"
And then the fray began.
An oath from Salem Hardieker,
A shriek upon the stairs,
A dance of shadows on the wall,
A knife-thrust unawares --
And Hans came down, as cattle drop,
Across the broken chairs.
. . . . . .
In Anne of Austria's trembling hands
The weary head fell low: --
"I ship mineselfs to-morrow, straight
"For Besser in Saro;
"Und there Ultruda comes to me
"At Easter, und I go
"South, down the Cattegat -- What's here?
"There -- are -- no -- lights -- to guide!"
The mutter ceased, the spirit passed,
And Anne of Austria cried
In Fultah Fisher's boarding-house
When Hans the mighty died.
Thus slew they Hans the blue-eyed Dane,
Bull-throated, bare of arm,
But Anne of Austria looted first
The maid Ultruda's charm --
The little silver crucifix
That keeps a man from harm.WHEN we were girl and boy together,
We toss’d about the flowers
And wreath’d the blushing hours
Into a posy green and sweet.
I sought the youngest, best,
And never was at rest
Till I had laid them at thy fairy feet.
But the days of childhood they were fleet,
And the blooming sweet-briar-breath’d weather,
When we were boy and girl together.
Then we were lad and lass together,
And sought the kiss of night
Before we felt aright,
Sitting and singing soft and sweet.
The dearest thought of heart
With thee ’t was joy to part,
And the greater half was thine, as meet.
Still my eyelid’s dewy, my veins they beat
At the starry summer-evening weather,
When we were lad and lass together.
And we are man and wife together,
Although thy breast, once bold
With song, be clos’d and cold
Beneath flowers’ roots and birds’ light feet.
Yet sit I by thy tomb,
And dissipate the gloom
With songs of loving faith and sorrow sweet.
And fate and darkling grave kind dreams do cheat,
That, while fair life, young hope, despair and death are,
We ’re boy and girl, and lass and lad, and man and wife together.If you were born before yesterday,
Surely you've heard about Tailor Nils, who flaunts him so gay.
If it's more than a week that you've been here,
Surely you've heard how Knut Storedragen got a lesson severe.
Up on the barn of Ola-Per Kviste after a punchin':
"When Nils heaves you again, take with you some luncheon."
Hans Bugge, he was a man so renowned,
Haunting ghosts of his name spread alarm all around.
"Tailor Nils, where you wish to lie, now declare!
On that spot will I spit and lay your head right there."--
"Oh, just come up so near, that I know you by the scent!
Think not that by your jaw to earth I shall be bent!"
When first they met, 't was scarce a bout at all,
Neither man was ready yet to try to get a fall.
The second time Hans Bugge slipped his hold.
"Are you tired now, Hans Bugge?  The dance will soon be bold."
The third time Hans fell headlong, and forth the blood did spurt.
"Why spit you now so much, man?" -- "Oh my, that fall did hurt!"--
Saw you a tree casting shadows on new-fallen snow?
Saw you Nils on a maiden smiling glances bestow?
Have you seen Tailor Nils when the dance he commences?
Are you a maiden, then go!--It's too late, when you've lost your senses.OH, enter old minstrel, thou time-honour'd one!
We children are here in the hall all alone,
The portals we straightway will bar.
Our mother is praying, our father is gone
To the forest, on wolves to make war.
Oh sing us a ballad, the tale then repeat,
'Till brother and I learn it right;
We long have been hoping a minstrel to meet,
For children hear tales with delight.
"At midnight, when darkness its fearful veil weaves,
His lofty and stately old castle he leaves,
But first he has buried his wealth.
What figure is that in his arms one perceives,
As the Count quits the gateway by stealth?
O'er what is his mantle so hastily thrown?
What bears he along in his flight?
A daughter it is, and she gently sleeps on"--
The children they hear with delight.
"The morning soon glimmers. the world is so wide,
In valleys and forests a home is supplied,
The bard in each village is cheer'd.
Thus lives he and wanders, while years onward glide,
And longer still waxes his beard;
But the maiden so fair in his arms grows amain,
'Neath her star all-protecting and bright,
Secured in the mantle from wind and from rain--"
The children they hear with delight.
"And year upon year with swift footstep now steals,
The mantle it fades, many rents it reveals,
The maiden no more it can hold.
The father he sees her, what rapture he feels!
His joy cannot now be controll'd.
How worthy she seems of the race whence she springs,
How noble and fair to the sight!
What wealth to her dearly-loved father she brings!"--
The children they hear with delight.
"Then comes there a princely knight galloping by,
She stretches her hand out, as soon as he's nigh,
But alms he refuses to give.
He seizes her hand, with a smile in his eye:
'Thou art mine!' he exclaims, 'while I live!'
'When thou know'st,' cries the old man, 'the treasure that's
there,
A princess thou'lt make her of right;
Betroth'd be she now, on this spot green and fair--'"
The children they hear with delight.
"So she's bless'd by the priest on the hallowed place,
And she goes with a smiling but sorrowful face,
From her father she fain would not part.
The old man still wanders with ne'er-changing pace,
He covers with joy his sad heart.
So I think of my daughter, as years pass away,
And my grandchildren far from my sight;
I bless them by night, and I bless them by day"--
The children they hear with delight.
He blesses the children: a knocking they hear,
The father it is! They spring forward in fear,
The old man they cannot conceal--
"Thou beggar, wouldst lure, then, my children so dear?
Straight seize him, ye vassals of steel!
To the dungeon most deep, with the fool-hardy knave!"
The mother from far hears the fight;
She hastens with flatt'ring entreaty to crave--
The children they hear with delight.
The vassals they suffer the Bard to stand there,
And mother and children implore him to spare,
The proud prince would stifle his ire,
'Till driven to fury at hearing their prayer,
His smouldering anger takes fire:
"Thou pitiful race! Oh, thou beggarly crew!
Eclipsing my star, once so bright!
Ye'll bring me destruction, ye sorely shall rue!"
The children they hear with affright.
The old man still stands there with dignified mien,
The vassals of steel quake before him, I ween,
The Count's fury increases in power;
"My wedded existence a curse long has been,
And these are the fruits from that flower!
'Tis ever denied, and the saying is true,
That to wed with the base-born is right;
The beggar has borne me a beggarly crew,--"
The children they hear with affright.
"If the husband, the father, thus treats you with scorn,
If the holiest bonds by him rashly are torn,
Then come to your father--to me!
The beggar may gladden life's pathway forlorn,
Though aged and weak he may be.
This castle is mine! thou hast made it thy prey,
Thy people 'twas put me to flight;
The tokens I bear will confirm what I say"--
The children they hear with delight.
"The king who erst govern'd returneth again,
And restores to the Faithful the goods that were ta'en,
I'll unseal all my treasures the while;
The laws shall be gentle, and peaceful the reign"--
The old man thus cries with a smile--
"Take courage, my son! all hath turned out for good,
And each hath a star that is bright,
Those the princess hath borne thee are princely in blood,"--
The children thy hear with delight.Across the stony ridges,
Across the rolling plain,
Young Harry Dale, the drover,
Comes riding home again.
And well his stock-horse bears him,
And light of heart is he,
And stoutly his old pack-horse
Is trotting by his knee.
Up Queensland way with cattle
He travelled regions vast;
And many months have vanished
Since home-folk saw him last.
He hums a song of someone
He hopes to marry soon;
And hobble-chains and camp-ware
Keep jingling to the tune.
Beyond the hazy dado
Against the lower skies
And yon blue line of ranges
The homestead station lies.
And thitherward the drover
Jogs through the lazy noon,
While hobble-chains and camp-ware
Are jingling to a tune.
An hour has filled the heavens
With storm-clouds inky black;
At times the lightning trickles
Around the drover's track;
But Harry pushes onward,
His horses' strength he tries,
In hope to reach the river
Before the flood shall rise.
The thunder from above him
Goes rolling o'er the plain;
And down on thirsty pastures
In torrents falls the rain.
And every creek and gully
Sends forth its little flood,
Till the river runs a banker,
All stained with yellow mud.
Now Harry speaks to Rover,
The best dog on the plains,
And to his hardy horses,
And strokes their shaggy manes;
`We've breasted bigger rivers
When floods were at their height
Nor shall this gutter stop us
From getting home to-night!'
The thunder growls a warning,
The ghastly lightnings gleam,
As the drover turns his horses
To swim the fatal stream.
But, oh! the flood runs stronger
Than e'er it ran before;
The saddle-horse is failing,
And only half-way o'er!
When flashes next the lightning,
The flood's grey breast is blank,
And a cattle dog and pack-horse
Are struggling up the bank.
But in the lonely homestead
The girl will wait in vain -
He'll never pass the stations
In charge of stock again.
The faithful dog a moment
Sits panting on the bank,
And then swims through the current
To where his master sank.
And round and round in circles
He fights with failing strength,
Till, borne down by the waters,
The old dog sinks at length.
Across the flooded lowlands
And slopes of sodden loam
The pack-horse struggles onward,
To take dumb tidings home.
And mud-stained, wet, and weary,
Through ranges dark goes he;
While hobble-chains and tinware
Are sounding eerily.
The floods are in the ocean,
The stream is clear again,
And now a verdant carpet
Is stretched across the plain.
But someone's eyes are saddened,
And someone's heart still bleeds
In sorrow for the drover
Who sleeps among the reeds.Ha' we lost the goodliest fere o' all
For the priests and the gallows tree?
Aye lover he was of brawny men,
O' ships and the open sea.
When they came wi' a host to take Our Man
His smile was good to see,
"First let these go!" quo' our Goodly Fere,
"Or I'll see ye damned," says he.
Aye he sent us out through the crossed high spears
And the scorn of his laugh rang free,
"Why took ye not me when I walked about
Alone in the town?" says he.
Oh we drank his "Hale" in the good red wine
When we last made company,
No capon priest was the Goodly Fere
But a man o' men was he.
I ha' seen him drive a hundred men
Wi' a bundle o' cords swung free,
That they took the high and holy house
For their pawn and treasury.
They'll no' get him a' in a book I think
Though they write it cunningly;
No mouse of the scrolls was the Goodly Fere
But aye loved the open sea.
If they think they ha' snared our Goodly Fere
They are fools to the last degree.
"I'll go to the feast," quo' our Goodly Fere,
"Though I go to the gallows tree."
"Ye ha' seen me heal the lame and blind,
And wake the dead," says he,
"Ye shall see one thing to master all:
'Tis how a brave man dies on the tree."
A son of God was the Goodly Fere
That bade us his brothers be.
I ha' seen him cow a thousand men.
I have seen him upon the tree.
He cried no cry when they drave the nails
And the blood gushed hot and free,
The hounds of the crimson sky gave tongue
But never a cry cried he.
I ha' seen him cow a thousand men
On the hills o' Galilee,
They whined as he walked out calm between,
Wi' his eyes like the grey o' the sea,
Like the sea that brooks no voyaging
With the winds unleashed and free,
Like the sea that he cowed at Genseret
Wi' twey words spoke' suddently.
A master of men was the Goodly Fere,
A mate of the wind and sea,
If they think they ha' slain our Goodly Fere
They are fools eternally.
I ha' seen him eat o' the honey-comb
Sin' they nailed him to the tree.Tell me where, in what country,
Is Flora the beautiful Roman,
Archipiada or Thais
Who was first cousin to her once,
Echo who speaks when there's a sound
On a pond or a river
Whose beauty was more than human?
But where are the snows of yesteryear?
Where is the leamed Heloise
For whom they castrated Pierre Abelard
And made him a monk at Saint-Denis,
For his love he took this pain,
Likewise where is the queen
Who commanded that Buridan
Be thrown in a sack into the Seine?
But where are the snows of yesteryear?
The queen white as a lily
Who sang with a siren's voice,
Big-footed Bertha, Beatrice, Alice,
Haremburgis who held Maine
And Jeanne the good maid of Lorraine
Whom the English bumt at Rouen, where,
Where are they, sovereign Virgin?
But where are the snows of yesteryear?
Prince, don't ask me in a week
or in a year what place they are;
I can only give you this refrain:
Where are the snows of yesteryear?The bows glided down, and the coast
Blackened with birds took a last look
At his thrashing hair and whale-blue eye;
The trodden town rang its cobbles for luck.
Then good-bye to the fishermanned
Boat with its anchor free and fast
As a bird hooking over the sea,
High and dry by the top of the mast,
Whispered the affectionate sand
And the bulwarks of the dazzled quay.
For my sake sail, and never look back,
Said the looking land.
Sails drank the wind, and white as milk
He sped into the drinking dark;
The sun shipwrecked west on a pearl
And the moon swam out of its hulk.
Funnels and masts went by in a whirl.
Good-bye to the man on the sea-legged deck
To the gold gut that sings on his reel
To the bait that stalked out of the sack,
For we saw him throw to the swift flood
A girl alive with his hooks through her lips;
All the fishes were rayed in blood,
Said the dwindling ships.
Good-bye to chimneys and funnels,
Old wives that spin in the smoke,
He was blind to the eyes of candles
In the praying windows of waves
But heard his bait buck in the wake
And tussle in a shoal of loves.
Now cast down your rod, for the whole
Of the sea is hilly with whales,
She longs among horses and angels,
The rainbow-fish bend in her joys,
Floated the lost cathedral
Chimes of the rocked buoys.
Where the anchor rode like a gull
Miles over the moonstruck boat
A squall of birds bellowed and fell,
A cloud blew the rain from its throat;
He saw the storm smoke out to kill
With fuming bows and ram of ice,
Fire on starlight, rake Jesu's stream;
And nothing shone on the water's face
But the oil and bubble of the moon,
Plunging and piercing in his course
The lured fish under the foam
Witnessed with a kiss.
Whales in the wake like capes and Alps
Quaked the sick sea and snouted deep,
Deep the great bushed bait with raining lips
Slipped the fins of those humpbacked tons
And fled their love in a weaving dip.
Oh, Jericho was falling in their lungs!
She nipped and dived in the nick of love,
Spun on a spout like a long-legged ball
Till every beast blared down in a swerve
Till every turtle crushed from his shell
Till every bone in the rushing grave
Rose and crowed and fell!
Good luck to the hand on the rod,
There is thunder under its thumbs;
Gold gut is a lightning thread,
His fiery reel sings off its flames,
The whirled boat in the burn of his blood
Is crying from nets to knives,
Oh the shearwater birds and their boatsized brood
Oh the bulls of Biscay and their calves
Are making under the green, laid veil
The long-legged beautiful bait their wives.
Break the black news and paint on a sail
Huge weddings in the waves,
Over the wakeward-flashing spray
Over the gardens of the floor
Clash out the mounting dolphin's day,
My mast is a bell-spire,
Strike and smoothe, for my decks are drums,
Sing through the water-spoken prow
The octopus walking into her limbs
The polar eagle with his tread of snow.
From salt-lipped beak to the kick of the stern
Sing how the seal has kissed her dead!
The long, laid minute's bride drifts on
Old in her cruel bed.
Over the graveyard in the water
Mountains and galleries beneath
Nightingale and hyena
Rejoicing for that drifting death
Sing and howl through sand and anemone
Valley and sahara in a shell,
Oh all the wanting flesh his enemy
Thrown to the sea in the shell of a girl
Is old as water and plain as an eel;
Always good-bye to the long-legged bread
Scattered in the paths of his heels
For the salty birds fluttered and fed
And the tall grains foamed in their bills;
Always good-bye to the fires of the face,
For the crab-backed dead on the sea-bed rose
And scuttled over her eyes,
The blind, clawed stare is cold as sleet.
The tempter under the eyelid
Who shows to the selves asleep
Mast-high moon-white women naked
Walking in wishes and lovely for shame
Is dumb and gone with his flame of brides.
Susannah's drowned in the bearded stream
And no-one stirs at Sheba's side
But the hungry kings of the tides;
Sin who had a woman's shape
Sleeps till Silence blows on a cloud
And all the lifted waters walk and leap.
Lucifer that bird's dropping
Out of the sides of the north
Has melted away and is lost
Is always lost in her vaulted breath,
Venus lies star-struck in her wound
And the sensual ruins make
Seasons over the liquid world,
White springs in the dark.
Always good-bye, cried the voices through the shell,
Good-bye always, for the flesh is cast
And the fisherman winds his reel
With no more desire than a ghost.
Always good luck, praised the finned in the feather
Bird after dark and the laughing fish
As the sails drank up the hail of thunder
And the long-tailed lightning lit his catch.
The boat swims into the six-year weather,
A wind throws a shadow and it freezes fast.
See what the gold gut drags from under
Mountains and galleries to the crest!
See what clings to hair and skull
As the boat skims on with drinking wings!
The statues of great rain stand still,
And the flakes fall like hills.
Sing and strike his heavy haul
Toppling up the boatside in a snow of light!
His decks are drenched with miracles.
Oh miracle of fishes! The long dead bite!
Out of the urn a size of a man
Out of the room the weight of his trouble
Out of the house that holds a town
In the continent of a fossil
One by one in dust and shawl,
Dry as echoes and insect-faced,
His fathers cling to the hand of the girl
And the dead hand leads the past,
Leads them as children and as air
On to the blindly tossing tops;
The centuries throw back their hair
And the old men sing from newborn lips:
Time is bearing another son.
Kill Time! She turns in her pain!
The oak is felled in the acorn
And the hawk in the egg kills the wren.
He who blew the great fire in
And died on a hiss of flames
Or walked the earth in the evening
Counting the denials of the grains
Clings to her drifting hair, and climbs;
And he who taught their lips to sing
Weeps like the risen sun among
The liquid choirs of his tribes.
The rod bends low, divining land,
And through the sundered water crawls
A garden holding to her hand
With birds and animals
With men and women and waterfalls
Trees cool and dry in the whirlpool of ships
And stunned and still on the green, laid veil
Sand with legends in its virgin laps
And prophets loud on the burned dunes;
Insects and valleys hold her thighs hard,
Times and places grip her breast bone,
She is breaking with seasons and clouds;
Round her trailed wrist fresh water weaves,
with moving fish and rounded stones
Up and down the greater waves
A separate river breathes and runs;
Strike and sing his catch of fields
For the surge is sown with barley,
The cattle graze on the covered foam,
The hills have footed the waves away,
With wild sea fillies and soaking bridles
With salty colts and gales in their limbs
All the horses of his haul of miracles
Gallop through the arched, green farms,
Trot and gallop with gulls upon them
And thunderbolts in their manes.
O Rome and Sodom To-morrow and London
The country tide is cobbled with towns
And steeples pierce the cloud on her shoulder
And the streets that the fisherman combed
When his long-legged flesh was a wind on fire
And his loin was a hunting flame
Coil from the thoroughfares of her hair
And terribly lead him home alive
Lead her prodigal home to his terror,
The furious ox-killing house of love.
Down, down, down, under the ground,
Under the floating villages,
Turns the moon-chained and water-wound
Metropolis of fishes,
There is nothing left of the sea but its sound,
Under the earth the loud sea walks,
In deathbeds of orchards the boat dies down
And the bait is drowned among hayricks,
Land, land, land, nothing remains
Of the pacing, famous sea but its speech,
And into its talkative seven tombs
The anchor dives through the floors of a church.
Good-bye, good luck, struck the sun and the moon,
To the fisherman lost on the land.
He stands alone in the door of his home,
With his long-legged heart in his hand.translated by Will Kirkland
The moon came into the forge
in her bustle of flowering nard.
The little boy stares at her, stares.
The boy is staring hard.
In the shaken air
the moon moves her amrs,
and shows lubricious and pure,
her breasts of hard tin.
"Moon, moon, moon, run!
If the gypsies come,
they will use your heart
to make white necklaces and rings."
"Let me dance, my little one.
When the gypsies come,
they'll find you on the anvil
with your lively eyes closed tight.
"Moon, moon, moon, run!
I can feelheir horses come."
"Let me be, my little one,
don't step on me, all starched and white!"
Closer comes the the horseman,
drumming on the plain.
The boy is in the forge;
his eyes are closed.
Through the olive grove
come the gypsies, dream and bronze,
their heads held high,
their hooded eyes.
Oh, how the night owl calls,
calling, calling from its tree!
The moon is climbing through the sky
with the child by the hand.
They are crying in the forge,
all the gypsies, shouting, crying.
The air is veiwing all, views all.
The air is at the viewing.Prudence Mears hath an old blue plate
Hid away in an oaken chest,
And a Franklin platter of ancient date
Beareth Amandy Baker's crest;
What times soever I've been their guest,
Says I to myself in an undertone:
"Of womenfolk, it must be confessed,
These do I love, and these alone."
Well, again, in the Nutmeg State,
Dorothy Pratt is richly blest
With a relic of art and a land effete--
A pitcher of glass that's cut, not pressed.
And a Washington teapot is possessed
Down in Pelham by Marthy Stone--
Think ye now that I say in jest
"These do I love, and these alone?"
Were Hepsy Higgins inclined to mate,
Or Dorcas Eastman prone to invest
In Cupid's bonds, they could find their fate
In the bootless bard of Crockery Quest.
For they've heaps of trumpery--so have the rest
Of those spinsters whose ware I'd like to own;
You can see why I say with such certain zest,
"These do I love, and these alone."Round youthful Henry's restless bed
His weeping friends and parents pressed;
But she who raised his languid head
He loved far more than all the rest.
Fond mutual love their bosoms fired;
And nearly dawned their bridal day,
When every hope at once expired,
For Henry on his death-bed lay.
The fatal truth the sufferer read
In weeping Lucy's downcast eye:
"And must I, must I, then," he said,
"Ere thou art mine, my Lucy, die!
"No,...deign to grant my last, last prayer;
'T would soothe thy lover's parting breath,
Wouldst thou with me to church repair,
Ere yet I feel the stroke of death.
"For trust me, love, I shall my life
With something like to joy resign,
If I but once may call thee wife,
And, dying, claim and hail thee mine."
He ceased: and Lucy checked the thought
That he might at the altar die,....
The prayer with such true love was fraught,
How could she such a prayer deny?
They reached the church....her cheek was wan
With chilling fears of coming woe....
But triumph when the rites began
Lent Henry's cheek a flattering glow.
The nuptial knot was scarcely tied,
When Henry's eye strange lustre fired,
"She's mine! she's mine!" he faltering cried,
And in that throb of joy expired.I KNOW my love is true,
And oh the day is fair.
The sky is dear and blue,
The flowers are rich of hue,
The air I breathe is rare,
I have no grief or care;
For my own love is true,
And oh the day is fair.
My love is false I find,
And oh the day is dark.
Blows sadly down the wind,
While sorrow holds my mind;
I do not hear the lark,
For quenched is life's dear spark,—
My love is false I find,
And oh the day is dark!
For love doth make the day
Or dark or doubly bright;
Her beams along the way
Dispel the gloom and gray.
She lives and all is bright,
She dies and life is night.
For love doth make the day,
Or dark or doubly bright.March, march, Ettrick and Teviotdale,
Why the deil dinna ye march forward in order!
March, march, Eskdale and Liddesdale,
All the Blue Bonnets are bound for the Border.
Many a banner spread,
Flutters above your head,
Many a crest that is famous in story.
Mount and make ready then,
Sons of the mountain glen,
Fight for the Queen and our old Scottish glory.
Come from the hills where your hirsels are grazing,
Come from the glen of the buck and the roe;
Come to the crag where the beacon is blazing,
Come with the buckler, the lance, and the bow.
Trumpets are sounding,
War-steeds are bounding,
Stand to your arms, then, and march in good order;
England shall many a day
Tell of the bloody fray,
When the Blue Bonnets came over the Border.The ring is on my hand,
And the wreath is on my brow;
Satin and jewels grand
Are all at my command,
And I am happy now.
And my lord he loves me well;
But, when first he breathed his vow,
I felt my bosom swell-
For the words rang as a knell,
And the voice seemed his who fell
In the battle down the dell,
And who is happy now.
But he spoke to re-assure me,
And he kissed my pallid brow,
While a reverie came o'er me,
And to the church-yard bore me,
And I sighed to him before me,
Thinking him dead D'Elormie,
"Oh, I am happy now!"
And thus the words were spoken,
And this the plighted vow,
And, though my faith be broken,
And, though my heart be broken,
Here is a ring, as token
That I am happy now!
Would God I could awaken!
For I dream I know not how!
And my soul is sorely shaken
Lest an evil step be taken,-
Lest the dead who is forsaken
May not be happy now.Author Note: In Finland there is a Castle which is called the New Rock, moated about with a river of unfounded depth, the water black and the fish therein
very distateful to the palate. In this are spectres often seen, which
foreshew either the death of the Governor, or some prime officer
belonging to the place; and most commonly it appeareth in the shape of
an harper, sweetly singing and dallying and playing under the water.
It is reported of one Donica, that after she was dead, the Devil walked
in her body for the space of two years, so that none suspected but that
she was still alive; for she did both speak and eat, though very
sparingly; only she had a deep paleness on her countenance, which was
the only sign of death. At length a Magician coming by where she was
then in the company of many other virgins, as soon as he beheld her he
said, "fair Maids, why keep you company with the dead Virgin whom you
suppose to be alive?" when taking away the magic charm which was tied
under her arm, the body fell down lifeless and without motion.
The following Ballad is founded on these stories. They are to be found
in the notes to The Hierarchies of the blessed Angels; a Poem by Thomas
Heywood, printed in folio by Adam Islip, 1635.
.................
High on a rock, whose castled shade
Darken'd the lake below,
In ancient strength majestic stood
The towers of Arlinkow.
The fisher in the lake below
Durst never cast his net,
Nor ever swallow in its waves
Her passing wings would wet.
The cattle from its ominous banks
In wild alarm would run,
Tho' parched with thirst and faint beneath
The summer's scorching sun.
For sometimes when no passing breeze
The long lank sedges waved,
All white with foam and heaving high
Its deafening billows raved;
And when the tempest from its base
The rooted pine would shake,
The powerless storm unruffling swept
Across the calm dead lake.
And ever then when Death drew near
The house of Arlinkow,
Its dark unfathom'd depths did send
Strange music from below.
The Lord of Arlinkow was old,
One only child had he,
Donica was the Maiden's name
As fair as fair might be.
A bloom as bright as opening morn
Flush'd o'er her clear white cheek,
The music of her voice was mild,
Her full dark eyes were meek.
Far was her beauty known, for none
So fair could Finland boast,
Her parents loved the Maiden much,
Young EBERHARD loved her most.
Together did they hope to tread
The pleasant path of life,
For now the day drew near to make
Donica Eberhard's wife.
The eve was fair and mild the air,
Along the lake they stray;
The eastern hill reflected bright
The fading tints of day.
And brightly o'er the water stream'd
The liquid radiance wide;
Donica's little dog ran on
And gambol'd at her side.
Youth, Health, and Love bloom'd on her cheek,
Her full dark eyes express
In many a glance to Eberhard
Her soul's meek tenderness.
Nor sound was heard, nor passing gale
Sigh'd thro' the long lank sedge,
The air was hushed, no little wave
Dimpled the water's edge.
Sudden the unfathom'd lake sent forth
Strange music from beneath,
And slowly o'er the waters sail'd
The solemn sounds of Death.
As the deep sounds of Death arose,
Donica's cheek grew pale,
And in the arms of Eberhard
The senseless Maiden fell.
Loudly the youth in terror shriek'd,
And loud he call'd for aid,
And with a wild and eager look
Gaz'd on the death-pale Maid.
But soon again did better thoughts
In Eberhard arise,
And he with trembling hope beheld
The Maiden raise her eyes.
And on his arm reclin'd she moved
With feeble pace and slow,
And soon with strength recover'd reach'd
Yet never to Donica's cheek
Return'd the lively hue,
Her cheeks were deathy, white, and wan,
Her lips a livid blue.
Her eyes so bright and black of yore
Were now more black and bright,
And beam'd strange lustre in her face
So deadly wan and white.
The dog that gambol'd by her side,
And lov'd with her to stray,
Now at his alter'd mistress howl'd
And fled in fear away.
Yet did the faithful Eberhard
Not love the Maid the less;
He gaz'd with sorrow, but he gaz'd
With deeper tenderness.
And when he found her health unharm'd
He would not brook delay,
But press'd the not unwilling Maid
To fix the bridal day.
And when at length it came, with joy
They hail'd the bridal day,
And onward to the house of God
They went their willing way.
And as they at the altar stood
And heard the sacred rite,
The hallowed tapers dimly stream'd
A pale sulphureous light.
And as the Youth with holy warmth
Her hand in his did hold,
Sudden he felt Donica's hand
Grow deadly damp and cold.
And loudly did he shriek, for lo!
A Spirit met his view,
And Eberhard in the angel form
His own Donica knew.
That instant from her earthly frame
Howling the Daemon fled,
And at the side of Eberhard
The livid form fell dead.The herring loves the merry moon-light,
The mackerel loves the wind,
But the oyster loves the dredging sang,
For they come of a gentle kind.
Now haud your tongue, baith wife and carle,
And listen great and sma',
And I will sing of Glenallan's Earl
That fought on the red Harlaw.
The cronach's cried on Bennachie,
And doun the Don and a',
And hieland and lawland may mournfu' be
For the sair field of Harlaw.--
They saddled a hundred milk-white steeds,
They hae bridled a hundred black,
With a chafron of steel on each horse's head,
And a good knight upon his back.
They hadna ridden a mile, a mile,
A mile, but barely ten,
When Donald came branking down the brae
Wi' twenty thousand men.
Their tartans they were waving wide,
Their glaives were glancing clear,
The pibrochs rung frae side to side,
Would deafen ye to hear.
The great Earl in his stirrups stood,
That Highland host to see:
'Now here a knight that's stout and good
May prove a jeopardie:
'What would'st thou do, my squire so gay,
That rides beside my reyne,-
Were ye Glenallan's Earl the day,
And I were Ronald Cheyne?
'To turn the rein were sin and shame,
To fight were wond'rous peril,-
What would ye do now, Roland Cheyne,
Were ye Glenallan's Earl?'-
'Were I Glenallan's Earl this tide,
And ye were Roland Cheyne,
The spear should be in my horse's side,
And the bridle upon his mane.
'If they hae twenty thousand blades,
And we twice ten times ten,
Yet they hae but their tartan plaids,
And we are mail-clad men.
'My horse shall ride through ranks sae rude,
As through the moorland fern,-
Then ne'er let the gentle Norman blude
Grow cauld for Highland kerne.'
He turn'd him right and round again,
Said, Scorn na at my mither;
Light loves I may get mony a ane,
But minni ne'er anither.Your gift is special to me,
It filled me with profound ecstasy;
No money on this earth can buy it,
It's costlier than the costliest jewellery.
It's a symbol of your love,
I sealed it in my  heart;
Your gift is precious to me,
With it I will never part.
Your love is bright as the sun,
Your heart soft like marmalade;
Your love shall always remain,
From my heart it will never fade.
I think of you day and night,
Your love is always a pleasure;
I shall always love you, my Prince,
Your love is a lifelong treasure!(Non-commissioned Officers in Charge of Prisoners)
When by the labor of my 'ands
I've 'elped to pack a transport tight
With prisoners for foreign lands,
I ain't transported with delight.
I know it's only just an' right,
But yet it somehow sickens me,
For I 'ave learned at Waterval
The meanin' of captivity.
Be'ind the pegged barb-wire strands,
Beneath the tall electric light,
We used to walk in bare-'ead bands,
Explainin' 'ow we lost our fight;
An' that is what they'll do to-night
Upon the steamer out at sea,
If I 'ave learned at Waterval
The meanin' of captivity.
They'll never know the shame that brands--
Black shame no livin' down makes white--
The mockin' from the sentry-stands,
The women's laugh, the gaoler's spite.
We are too bloomin'-much polite,
But that is 'ow I'd 'ave us be . . .
Since I 'ave learned at Waterval
The meanin' of captivity.
They'll get those draggin' days all right,
Spent as a foreigner commands,
An' 'orrors of the locked-up night,
With 'Ell's own thinkin' on their 'ands.
I'd give the gold o' twenty Rands
(If it was mine) to set 'em free
For I 'ave learned at Waterval
The meanin' of captivity!There was three kings unto the east,
Three kings both great and high,
And they hae sworn a solemn oath
John Barleycorn should die.
They took a plough and plough'd him down,
Put clods upon his head,
And they hae sworn a solemn oath
John Barleycorn was dead.
But the cheerful Spring came kindly on,
And show'rs began to fall;
John Barleycorn got up again,
And sore surpris'd them all.
The sultry suns of Summer came,
And he grew thick and strong;
His head weel arm'd wi' pointed spears,
That no one should him wrong.
The sober Autumn enter'd mild,
When he grew wan and pale;
His bending joints and drooping head
Show'd he bagan to fail.
His colour sicken'd more and more,
He faded into age;
And then his enemies began
To show their deadly rage.
They've taen a weapon, long and sharp,
And cut him by the knee;
Then tied him fast upon a cart,
Like a rogue for forgerie.
They laid him down upon his back,
And cudgell'd him full sore;
They hung him up before the storm,
And turn'd him o'er and o'er.
They filled up a darksome pit
With water to the brim;
They heaved in John Barleycorn,
There let him sink or swim.
They laid him out upon the floor,
To work him further woe;
And still, as signs of life appear'd,
They toss'd him to and fro.
They wasted, o'er a scorching flame,
The marrow of his bones;
But a miller us'd him worst of all,
For he crush'd him between two stones.
And they hae taen his very heart's blood,
And drank it round and round;
And still the more and more they drank,
Their joy did more abound.
John Barleycorn was a hero bold,
Of noble enterprise;
For if you do but taste his blood,
'Twill make your courage rise.
'Twill make a man forget his woe;
'Twill heighten all his joy;
'Twill make the widow's heart to sing,
Tho' the tear were in her eye.
Then let us toast John Barleycorn,
Each man a glass in hand;
And may his great posterity
Ne'er fail in old Scotland!I came home and found a lion in my room...
[First draft of "The Lion for Real" CP 174-175]
A lion met America
in the road
they stared at each other
two figures on the crossroads in the desert.
America screamed
The lion roared
They leaped at each other
America desperate to win
Fighting with bombs, flamethrowers,
knives forks submarines.
The lion ate America, bit off her head
and loped off to the golden hills
that's all there is to say
about america except
that now she's
lionshit all over the desert.Author Note: The story of the following ballad was related to me, when a school boy, as a fact which had really happened in the North of England. I have
adopted the metre of Mr. Lewis's Alonzo and Imogene--a poem deservedly
popular.
I.
Who is she, the poor Maniac, whose wildly-fix'd eyes
Seem a heart overcharged to express?
She weeps not, yet often and deeply she sighs,
She never complains, but her silence implies
The composure of settled distress.
II.
No aid, no compassion the Maniac will seek,
Cold and hunger awake not her care:
Thro' her rags do the winds of the winter blow bleak
On her poor withered bosom half bare, and her cheek
Has the deathy pale hue of despair.
III.
Yet chearful and happy, nor distant the day,
Poor Mary the Maniac has been;
The Traveller remembers who journeyed this way
No damsel so lovely, no damsel so gay
As Mary the Maid of the Inn.
IV.
Her chearful address fill'd the guests with delight
As she welcomed them in with a smile:
Her heart was a stranger to childish affright,
And Mary would walk by the Abbey at night
When the wind whistled down the dark aisle.
V.
She loved, and young Richard had settled the day,
And she hoped to be happy for life;
But Richard was idle and worthless, and they
Who knew him would pity poor Mary and say
That she was too good for his wife.
VI.
'Twas in autumn, and stormy and dark was the night,
And fast were the windows and door;
Two guests sat enjoying the fire that burnt bright,
And smoking in silence with tranquil delight
They listen'd to hear the wind roar.
VII.
"Tis pleasant," cried one, "seated by the fire side
"To hear the wind whistle without."
"A fine night for the Abbey!" his comrade replied,
"Methinks a man's courage would now be well tried
"Who should wander the ruins about.
VIII.
"I myself, like a school-boy, should tremble to hear
"The hoarse ivy shake over my head;
"And could fancy I saw, half persuaded by fear,
"Some ugly old Abbot's white spirit appear,
"For this wind might awaken the dead!"
IX.
"I'll wager a dinner," the other one cried,
"That Mary would venture there now."
"Then wager and lose!" with a sneer he replied,
"I'll warrant she'd fancy a ghost by her side,
"And faint if she saw a white cow."
X.
"Will Mary this charge on her courage allow?"
His companion exclaim'd with a smile;
"I shall win, for I know she will venture there now,
"And earn a new bonnet by bringing a bough
"From the elder that grows in the aisle."
XI.
With fearless good humour did Mary comply,
And her way to the Abbey she bent;
The night it was dark, and the wind it was high
And as hollowly howling it swept thro' the sky
She shiver'd with cold as she went.
XII.
O'er the path so well known still proceeded the Maid
Where the Abbey rose dim on the sight,
Thro' the gate-way she entered, she felt not afraid
Yet the ruins were lonely and wild, and their shade
Seem'd to deepen the gloom of the night.
XIII.
All around her was silent, save when the rude blast
Howl'd dismally round the old pile;
Over weed-cover'd fragments still fearless she past,
And arrived in the innermost ruin at last
Where the elder tree grew in the aisle.
XIV.
Well-pleas'd did she reach it, and quickly drew near
And hastily gather'd the bough:
When the sound of a voice seem'd to rise on her ear,
She paus'd, and she listen'd, all eager to hear,
Aud her heart panted fearfully now.
XV.
The wind blew, the hoarse ivy shook over her head,
She listen'd,--nought else could she hear.
The wind ceas'd, her heart sunk in her bosom with dread
For she heard in the ruins distinctly the tread
Of footsteps approaching her near.
XVI.
Behind a wide column half breathless with fear
She crept to conceal herself there:
That instant the moon o'er a dark cloud shone clear,
And she saw in the moon-light two ruffians appear
And between them a corpse did they bear.
XVII.
Then Mary could feel her heart-blood curdle cold!
Again the rough wind hurried by,--
It blew off the hat of the one, and behold
Even close to the feet of poor Mary it roll'd,--
She felt, and expected to die.
XVIII.
"Curse the hat!" he exclaims. "Nay come on and first hide
"The dead body," his comrade replies.
She beheld them in safety pass on by her side,
She seizes the hat, fear her courage supplied,
And fast thro' the Abbey she flies.
XIX.
She ran with wild speed, she rush'd in at the door,
She gazed horribly eager around,
Then her limbs could support their faint burthen no more,
And exhausted and breathless she sunk on the floor
Unable to utter a sound.
XX.
Ere yet her pale lips could the story impart,
For a moment the hat met her view;--
Her eyes from that object convulsively start,
For--oh God what cold horror then thrill'd thro' her heart,
When the name of her Richard she knew!
XXI.
Where the old Abbey stands, on the common hard by
His gibbet is now to be seen.
Not far from the road it engages the eye,
The Traveller beholds it, and thinks with a sigh
Of poor Mary the Maid of the Inn.Fair stood the wind for France,
When we our sails advance;
Nor now to prove our chance
Longer will tarry;
But putting to the main,
At Caux, the mouth of Seine,
With all his martial train
Landed King Harry.
And taking many a fort,
Furnish'd in warlike sort,
Marcheth towards Agincourt
In happy hour;
Skirmishing day by day
With those that stopp'd his way,
Where the French gen'ral lay
With all his power.
Which, in his height of pride,
King Henry to deride,
His ransom to provide
To the King sending;
Which he neglects the while,
As from a nation vile
Yet with an angry smile
Their fall portending.
And turning to his men
Quoth our brave Henry then:
"Though they to one be ten
Be not amazed.
Yet have we well begun:
Battles so bravely won
Have ever to the sun
By Fame been raised!
"And for myself," quoth he,
"This my full rest shall be:
England ne'er mourn for me,
Nor more esteem me;
Victor I will remain,
Or on this earth lie slain;
Never shall she sustain
Loss to redeem me!
"Poitiers and Cressy tell
When most their pride did swell
Under our swords they fell;
No less our skill is
Than when our grandsire great,
Claiming the regal seat,
By many a warlike feat
Lopp'd the French lilies."
The Duke of York so dread
The eager vaward led;
With the main Henry sped
Amongst his henchmen:
Excester had the rear,
A braver man not there
O Lord, how hot they were
On the false Frenchmen!
They now to fight are gone;
Armour on armour shone;
Drum now to drum did groan:
To hear, was wonder;
That, with cries they make,
The very earth did shake;
Trumpet to trumpet spake,
Thunder to thunder.
Well it thine age became,
O noble Erpingham,
Which didst the signal aim
To our hid forces;
When, from a meadow by,
Like a storm suddenly,
The English archery
Stuck the French horses
With Spanish yew so strong,
Arrows a cloth-yard long,
That like to serpents stung,
Piercing the weather.
None from his fellow starts,
But playing manly parts,
And like true English hearts
Stuck close together.
When down their bows they threw,
And forth their bilboes drew,
And on the French they flew,
Not one was tardy;
Arms were from shoulders sent,
Scalps to the teeth were rent,
Down the French peasants went:
Our men were hardy.
This while our noble King,
His broad sword brandishing,
Down the French host did ding,
As to o'erwhelm it.
And many a deep wound lent,
His arms with blood besprent,
And many a cruel dent
Bruised his helmet.
Gloster, that duke so good,
Next of the royal blood,
For famous England stood
With his brave brother.
Clarence, in steel so bright,
Though but a maiden knight,
Yet in that furious fight
Scarce such another!
Warwick in blood did wade,
Oxford the foe invade,
And cruel slaughter made,
Still as they ran up.
Suffolk his axe did ply;
Beaumont and Willoughby
Bare them right doughtily;
Ferrers and Fanhope.
Upon Saint Crispin's Day
Fought was this noble fray,
Which fame did not delay
To England to carry.
O when shall English men
With such acts fill a pen,
Or England breed again
Such a King Harry?A gaunt built woman and her son-in-law—
A broad-faced fellow, with such flesh as shows
Nothing but easy nature—and his wife,
The woman’s daughter, who spills all her talk
Out of a wide mouth, but who has eyes as gray
As Connemara, where the mountain-ash
Shows berries red indeed: they enter now—
Our country singers!
“Sing, my good woman, sing us some romance
That has been round your chimney-nooks so long
’Tis nearly native; something blown here
And since made racy—like yon tree, I might say,
Native by influence if not by species,
Shaped by our winds. You understand, I think?”
“I’ll sing the song, sir.”
To-night you see my face—
Maybe nevermore you’ll gaze
On the one that for you left his friends and kin;
For by the hard commands
Of the lord that rules these lands
On a ship I’ll be borne from Cruckaunfinn!
Oh, you know your beauty bright
Has made him think delight
More than from any fair one he will gain;
Oh, you know that all his will
Strains and strives around you till
As the hawk upon his hand you are as tame!
Then she to him replied:
I’ll no longer you deny,
And I’ll let you have the pleasure of my charms;
For to-night I’ll be your bride,
And whatever may betide
It’s we will lie in one another’s arms!
“You should not sing
With body doubled up and face aside—
There is a climax here—‘It’s we will lie’—
Hem—passionate! And what does your daughter sing?”
“A song I like when I do climb bare hills—
’Tis all about a hawk.”
No bird that sits on rock or bough
Has such a front as thine;
No king that has made war his trade
Such conquest in his eyne!
I mark thee rock-like on the rock
Where none can see a shape.
I climb, but thou dost climb with wings,
And like a wish escape,
She said—
And like a wish escape!
No maid that kissed his bonny mouth
Of another mouth was glad;
Such pride was in our chieftain’s eyes,
Such countenance he had!
But since they made him fly the rocks,
Thou, creature, art my quest.
Then lift me with thy steady eyes.
If then to tear my breast,
She said—
If then to tear my breast!
“The songs they have
Are the last relics of the feudal world:
Women will keep them—byzants, doubloons,
When men will take up songs that are as new
As dollar bills. What song have you, young man?
“A song my father had, sir. It was sent him
From across the sea, and there was a letter with it,
Asking my father to put it to a tune
And sing it all roads. He did that, in troth,
And five pounds of tobacco were sent with the song
To fore-reward him. I’ll sing it for you now—
The Baltimore Exile.
” The house I was bred in—ah, does it remain?
Low walls and loose thatch standing lone in the rain,
With the clay of the walls coming through with its stain,
Like the blackbird’s left nest in the briar!
Does a child there give heed to the song of the lark,
As it lifts and it drops till the fall of the dark,
When the heavy-foot kine trudge home from the paurk,
Or do none but the red-shank now listen?
The sloe-bush, I know, grows close to the well,
And its long-lasting blossoms are there, I can tell,
When the kid that was yeaned when the first ones befell
Can jump to the ditch that they grow on!
But there’s silence on all. Then do none ever pass
On the way to the fair or the pattern or mass?
Do the gray-coated lads drive the ball through the grass
And speed to the sweep of the hurl?
O youths of my land! Then will no Bolivar
Ever muster your ranks for delivering war?
Will your hopes become fixed and beam like a star?
Will they pass like the mists from your fields?
The swan and the swallows, the cuckoo and crake,
May visit my land and find hillside and lake.
And I send my song. I’ll not see her awake—
I’m too old a bird to uncage now!
“Silver’s but lead in exchange for songs,
But take it and spend it.”
“We will. And may we meet your honor’s like
Every day’s end.”
“A tune is more lasting than the voice of the birds.”
“A song is more lasting than the riches of the world.”Author Note: Divers Princes and Noblemen being assembled in a beautiful and fair
Palace, which was situate upon the river Rhine, they beheld a boat or
small barge make toward the shore, drawn by a Swan in a silver chain,
the one end fastened about her neck, the other to the vessel; and in it
an unknown soldier, a man of a comely personage and graceful presence,
who stept upon the shore; which done, the boat guided by the Swan left
him, and floated down the river. This man fell afterward in league with
a fair gentlewoman, married her, and by her had many children. After
some years, the same Swan came with the same barge into the same place;
the soldier entering into it, was carried thence the way he came, left
wife, children and family, and was never seen amongst them after.
Now who can judge this to be other than one of those spirits that are
named Incubi? says Thomas Heywood. I have adopted his story, but not his
solution, making the unknown soldier not an evil spirit, but one who had
purchased happiness of a malevolent being, by the promised sacrifice of
his first-born child.
.................
Bright on the mountain's heathy slope
The day's last splendors shine
And rich with many a radiant hue
Gleam gayly on the Rhine.
And many a one from Waldhurst's walls
Along the river stroll'd,
As ruffling o'er the pleasant stream
The evening gales came cold.
So as they stray'd a swan they saw
Sail stately up and strong,
And by a silver chain she drew
A little boat along,
Whose streamer to the gentle breeze
Long floating fluttered light,
Beneath whose crimson canopy
There lay reclin'd a knight.
With arching crest and swelling breast
On sail'd the stately swan
And lightly up the parting tide
The little boat came on.
And onward to the shore they drew
And leapt to land the knight,
And down the stream the swan-drawn boat
Fell soon beyond the sight.
Was never a Maid in Waldhurst's walls
Might match with Margaret,
Her cheek was fair, her eyes were dark,
Her silken locks like jet.
And many a rich and noble youth
Had strove to win the fair,
But never a rich or noble youth
Could rival Rudiger.
At every tilt and turney he
Still bore away the prize,
For knightly feats superior still
And knightly courtesies.
His gallant feats, his looks, his love,
Soon won the willing fair,
And soon did Margaret become
The wife of Rudiger.
Like morning dreams of happiness
Fast roll'd the months away,
For he was kind and she was kind
And who so blest as they?
Yet Rudiger would sometimes sit
Absorb'd in silent thought
And his dark downward eye would seem
With anxious meaning fraught;
But soon he rais'd his looks again
And smil'd his cares eway,
And mid the hall of gaiety
Was none like him so gay.
And onward roll'd the waining months,
The hour appointed came,
And Margaret her Rudiger
Hail'd with a father's name.
But silently did Rudiger
The little infant see,
And darkly on the babe he gaz'd
And very sad was he.
And when to bless the little babe
The holy Father came,
To cleanse the stains of sin away
In Christ's redeeming name,
Then did the cheek of Rudiger
Assume a death-pale hue,
And on his clammy forehead stood
The cold convulsive dew;
And faltering in his speech he bade
The Priest the rites delay,
Till he could, to right health restor'd,
Enjoy the festive day.
When o'er the many-tinted sky
He saw the day decline,
He called upon his Margaret
To walk beside the Rhine.
"And we will take the little babe,
"For soft the breeze that blows,
"And the wild murmurs of the stream
"Will lull him to repose."
So forth together did they go,
The evening breeze was mild,
And Rudiger upon his arm
Did pillow the sweet child.
And many a one from Waldhurst's walls
Along the banks did roam,
But soon the evening wind came cold,
And all betook them home.
Yet Rudiger in silent mood
Along the banks would roam,
Nor aught could Margaret prevail
To turn his footsteps home.
"Oh turn thee--turn thee Rudiger,
"The rising mists behold,
"The evening wind is damp and chill,
"The little babe is cold!"
"Now hush thee--hush thee Margaret,
"The mists will do no harm,
"And from the wind the little babe
"Lies sheltered on my arm."
"Oh turn thee--turn thee Rudiger,
"Why onward wilt thou roam?
"The moon is up, the night is cold,
"And we are far from home."
He answered not, for now he saw
A Swan come sailing strong,
And by a silver chain she drew
A little boat along.
To shore they came, and to the boat
Fast leapt he with the child,
And in leapt Margaret--breathless now
And pale with fear and wild.
With arching crest and swelling breast
On sail'd the stately swan,
And lightly down the rapid tide
The little boat went on.
The full-orb'd moon that beam'd around
Pale splendor thro' the night,
Cast through the crimson canopy
A dim-discoloured light.
And swiftly down the hurrying stream
In silence still they sail,
And the long streamer fluttering fast
Flapp'd to the heavy gale.
And he was mute in sullen thought
And she was mute with fear,
Nor sound but of the parting tide
Broke on the listening ear.
The little babe began to cry
And waked his mother's care,
"Now give to me the little babe
"For God's sake, Rudiger!"
"Now hush thee, hush thee Margaret!
"Nor my poor heart distress--
"I do but pay perforce the price
"Of former happiness.
"And hush thee too my little babe,
"Thy cries so feeble cease:
"Lie still, lie still;--a little while
"And thou shalt be at peace."
So as he spake to land they drew,
And swift he stept on shore,
And him behind did Margaret
Close follow evermore.
It was a place all desolate,
Nor house nor tree was there,
And there a rocky mountain rose
Barren, and bleak, and bare.
And at its base a cavern yawn'd,
No eye its depth might view,
For in the moon-beam shining round
That darkness darker grew.
Cold Horror crept thro' Margaret's blood,
Her heart it paus'd with fear,
When Rudiger approach'd the cave
And cried, "lo I am here!"
A deep sepulchral sound the cave
Return'd "lo I am here!"
And black from out the cavern gloom
Two giant arms appear.
And Rudiger approach'd and held
The little infant nigh;
Then Margaret shriek'd, and gather'd then
New powers from agony.
And round the baby fast and firm
Her trembling arms she folds,
And with a strong convulsive grasp
The little infant holds.
"Now help me, Jesus!" loud she cries.
And loud on God she calls;
Then from the grasp of Rudiger
The little infant falls.
And now he shriek'd, for now his frame
The huge black arms clasp'd round,
And dragg'd the wretched Rudiger
Adown the dark profound.Ye Lords and Commons, Men of Wit,
And Pleasure about Town;
Read this ere you translate one Bit
Of Books of high Renown.
Beware of Latin Authors all!
Nor think your Verses Sterling,
Though with a Golden Pen you scrawl,
And scribble in a Berlin:
For not the Desk with silver Nails,
Nor Bureau of Expense,
Nor standish well japann'd avails,
To writing of good Sense.
Hear how a Ghost in dead of Night,
With saucer Eyes of Fire,
In woeful wise did sore affright
A Wit and courtly 'Squire.
Rare Imp and Phoebus, hopeful Youth
Like Puppy tame that uses
To fetch and carry, in his Mouth,
The Works of all the Muses.
Ah! why did he write Poetry,
That hereto was so civil;
And sell his soul for vanity,
To Rhyming and the Devil?
A Desk he had of curious Work,
With glittering Studs about;
Within the same did Sandys lurk,
Though Ovid lay without.
Now as he scratch'd to fetch up Thought,
Forth popp'd the Sprite so thin;
And from the Key-hole bolted out,
All upright as a Pin.
With Whiskers, Band, and Pantaloon,
And Ruff composed most duly;
This 'Squire he dropp'd his Pen full soon,
While as the Light burnt bluely.
'Ho! Master Sam,' quoth Sandys' sprite,
'Write on, nor let me scare ye;
Forsooth, if Rhymes fall in not right,
To Budgell seek, or Carey.
'I hear the Beat of Jacob's Drums,
Poor Ovid finds no Quarter!
See first the merry Pembroke comes
In Haste, without his Garter.
'Then Lords and Lordlings, 'Squires and Knights,
Wits, Witlings, Prigs and Peers!
Garth at St. James's, and at White's,
Beats up for Volunteers.
'What Fenton will not do, nor Gay,
Nor Congreve, Rowe, nor Stanyan,
Tom Burnet or Tom D'Urfey may,
John Dunton, Steele, or any one.
'If Justice Philips' costive head
Some frigid Rhymes disburses;
They shall like Persian Tales be read,
And glad both Babes and Nurses.
'Let Warwick's Muse with Ashurst join,
And Ozell's with Lord Hervey's:
Tickell and Addison combine,
And P-pe translate with Jervas.
'Landsdowne himself, that lively Lord,
Who bows to every Lady,
Shall join with Frowde in one Accord,
And be like Tate and Brady.
'Ye Ladies too draw forth your pen,
I pray where can the hurt lie?
Since you have Brains as well as Men,
As witness Lady Wortley.
'Now, Tonson, list thy Forces all,
Review them, and tell Noses;
For to poor Ovid shall befal
A strange Metamorphosis.
'A Metamorphosis more strange
Than all his Books can vapour;'
'To what' (quoth 'squire) 'shall Ovid change?'
Quoth Sandys: 'To waste paper.'I.
The death-bell beats!--
The mountain repeats
The echoing sound of the knell;
And the dark Monk now
Wraps the cowl round his brow,
As he sits in his lonely cell.
II.
And the cold hand of death
Chills his shuddering breath,
As he lists to the fearful lay
Which the ghosts of the sky,
As they sweep wildly by,
Sing to departed day.
And they sing of the hour
When the stern fates had power
To resolve Rosa’s form to its clay.
III.
But that hour is past;
And that hour was the last
Of peace to the dark Monk’s brain.
Bitter tears, from his eyes, gushed silent and fast;
And he strove to suppress them in vain.
IV.
Then his fair cross of gold he dashed on the floor,
When the death-knell struck on his ear.--
'Delight is in store
For her evermore;
But for me is fate, horror, and fear.'
V.
Then his eyes wildly rolled,
When the death-bell tolled,
And he raged in terrific woe.
And he stamped on the ground,--
But when ceased the sound,
Tears again began to flow.
VI.
And the ice of despair
Chilled the wild throb of care,
And he sate in mute agony still;
Till the night-stars shone through the cloudless air,
And the pale moonbeam slept on the hill.
VII.
Then he knelt in his cell:--
And the horrors of hell
Were delights to his agonized pain,
And he prayed to God to dissolve the spell,
Which else must for ever remain.
VIII.
And in fervent pray'r he knelt on the ground,
Till the abbey bell struck One:
His feverish blood ran chill at the sound:
A voice hollow and horrible murmured around--
'The term of thy penance is done!'
IX.
Grew dark the night;
The moonbeam bright
Waxed faint on the mountain high;
And, from the black hill,
Went a voice cold and still,--
'Monk! thou art free to die.'
X.
Then he rose on his feet,
And his heart loud did beat,
And his limbs they were palsied with dread;
Whilst the grave's clammy dew
O'er his pale forehead grew;
And he shuddered to sleep with the dead.
XI.
And the wild midnight storm
Raved around his tall form,
As he sought the chapel's gloom:
And the sunk grass did sigh
To the wind, bleak and high,
As he searched for the new-made tomb.
XII.
And forms, dark and high,
Seemed around him to fly,
And mingle their yells with the blast:
And on the dark wall
Half-seen shadows did fall,
As enhorrored he onward passed.
XIII.
And the storm-fiends wild rave
O’er the new-made grave,
And dread shadows linger around.
The Monk called on God his soul to save,
And, in horror, sank on the ground.
XIV.
Then despair nerved his arm
To dispel the charm,
And he burst Rosa's coffin asunder.
And the fierce storm did swell
More terrific and fell,
And louder pealed the thunder.
XV.
And laughed, in joy, the fiendish throng,
Mixed with ghosts of the mouldering dead:
And their grisly wings, as they floated along,
Whistled in murmurs dread.
XVI.
And her skeleton form the dead Nun reared
Which dripped with the chill dew of hell.
In her half-eaten eyeballs two pale flames appeared,
And triumphant their gleam on the dark Monk glared,
As he stood within the cell.
XVII.
And her lank hand lay on his shuddering brain;
But each power was nerved by fear.--
'I never, henceforth, may breathe again;
Death now ends mine anguished pain.--
The grave yawns,--we meet there.'
XVIII.
And her skeleton lungs did utter the sound,
So deadly, so lone, and so fell,
That in long vibrations shuddered the ground;
And as the stern notes floated around,
A deep groan was answered from hell.1       All in the Downs the fleet was moor'd,
2         The streamers waving in the wind,
3     When black-ey'd Susan came aboard.
4         Oh! where shall I my true love find!
5     Tell me, ye jovial sailors, tell me true,
6     If my sweet William sails among the crew.
7       William, who high upon the yard,
8         Rock'd with the billow to and fro,
9     Soon as her well-known voice he heard,
10       He sigh'd, and cast his eyes below:
11   The cord slides swiftly through his glowing hands,
12   And, (quick as lightning) on the deck he stands.
13     So the sweet lark, high pois'd in air,
14       Shuts close his pinions to his breast,
15   (If, chance, his mate's shrill call he hear)
16       And drops at once into her nest.
17   The noblest captain in the British fleet,
18   Might envy William's lip those kisses sweet.
19     'O Susan, Susan, lovely dear,
20       My vows shall ever true remain;
21   Let me kiss off that falling tear,
22       We only part to meet again.
23   Change, as ye list, ye winds; my heart shall be
24   The faithful compass that still points to thee.
25     'Believe not what the landmen say,
26       Who tempt with doubts thy constant mind:
27   They'll tell thee, sailors, when away,
28       In ev'ry port a mistress find.
29   Yes, yes, believe them when they tell thee so,
30   For thou art present wheresoe'er I go.
31     'If to far India's coast we sail,
32       Thy eyes are seen in di'monds bright,
33   Thy breath is Afric's spicy gale,
34       Thy skin is ivory, so white.
35   Thus ev'ry beauteous object that I view,
36   Wakes in my soul some charm of lovely Sue.
37     'Though battle call me from thy arms
38       Let not my pretty Susan mourn;
39   Though cannons roar, yet safe from harms,
40       William shall to his dear return.
41   Love turns aside the balls that round me fly,
42   Lest precious tears should drop from Susan's eye'.
43     The boatswain gave the dreadful word,
44       The sails their swelling bosom spread,
45   No longer must she stay aboard:
46       They kiss'd, she sigh'd, he hung his head.
47   Her less'ning boat, unwilling rows to land:
48   'Adieu', she cries! and wav'd her lily hand.Listen, ladies, while I sing
The ballad of John Henry King.
John Henry was a bachelor,
His age was thirty-three or four.
Two maids for his affection vied,
And each desired to be his bride,
And bravely did they strive to bring
Unto their feet John Henry King.
John Henry liked them both so well,
To save his life he could not tell
Which he most wished to be his bride,
Nor was he able to decide.
Fair Kate was jolly, bright, and gay,
And sunny as a summer day;
Marie was kind, sedate, and sweet,
With gentle ways and manners neat.
Each was so dear that John confessed
He could not tell which he liked best.
He studied them for quite a year,
And still found no solution near,
And might have studied two years more
Had he not, walking on the shore,
Conceived a very simple way
Of ending his prolonged delay--
A way in which he might decide
Which of the maids should be his bride.
He said, "I'll toss into the air
A dollar, and I'll toss it fair;
If heads come up, I'll wed Marie;
If tails, fair Kate my bride shall be."
Then from his leather pocket-book
A dollar bright and new he took;
He kissed one side for fair Marie,
The other side for Kate kissed he.
Then in a manner free and fair
He tossed the dollar in the air.
"Ye fates," he cried, "pray let this be
A lucky throw indeed for me!"
The dollar rose, the dollar fell;
He watched its whirling transit well,
And off some twenty yards or more
The dollar fell upon the shore.
John Henry ran to where it struck
To see which maiden was in luck.
But, oh, the irony of fate!
Upon its edge the coin stood straight!
And there, embedded in the sand,
John Henry let the dollar stand!
And he will tempt his fate no more,
But live and die a bachelor.
Thus, ladies, you have heard me sing
The ballad of John Henry King.
Submitted by John MartinA street there is in Paris famous,
For which no rhyme our language yields,
Rue Neuve de petits Champs its name is -
The New Street of the Little Fields;
And there's an inn, not rich and splendid,
But still in comfortable case;
The which in youth I oft attended,
To eat a bowl of Bouillabaisse.
This Bouillabaisse a noble dish is -
A sort of soup, or broth, or brew,
Or hotchpotch of all sorts of fishes,
That Greenwich never could outdo;
Green herbs, red peppers, muscles, saffern,
Soles, onions, garlic, roach, and dace;
All these you eat at Terré's tavern,
In that one dish of Bouillabaisse.
Indeed, a rich and savory stew 'tis;
And true philosophers, methinks,
Who love all sorts of natural beauties,
Should love good victuals and good drinks.
And Cordelier or Benedictine
Might gladly, sure, his lot embrace,
Nor find a fast-day too afflicting,
Which served him up a Bouillabaisse.
I wonder if the house still there is?
Yes, here the lamp is as before;
The smiling, red-cheek'd écaillère is
Still opening oysters at the door.
Is Terré still alive and able?
I recollect his droll grimace;
He'd come and smile before your table,
And hoped you like your Bouillabaisse.
We enter; nothing's changed or older.
'How's Monsieur Terré, waiter, pray? '
The waiter stares and shrugs his shoulder -
'Monsieur is dead this many a day.'
'It is the lot of saint and sinner.
So honest Terré's run his race! '
'What will Monsieur require for dinner? '
'Say, do you still cook Bouillabaisse? '
'Oh, oui, Monsieur,' 's the waiter's answer;
'Quel vin Monsieur désire-t-il? '
Tell me a good one.' 'That I can, sir;
The Chambertin with yellow seal.'
'So Terré's gone,' I say, and sink in
My old accustom'd corner-place;
'He's done with feasting and with drinking,
With Burgundy and Bouillabaisse.'
My old accustom'd corner here is-
The table still is in the nook;
Ah! vanished many a busy year is,
This well-known chair since last I took.
When first I saw ye, cari luoghi,
I'd scarce a beard upon my face,
And now a grizzled, grim old fogy,
I sit and wait for Bouillabaisse.
Where are you, old companions trusty
Of early days, here met to dine?
Come, waiter! quick, a flagon crusty -
I'll pledge them in the good old wine.
The kind old voices and old faces
My memory can quick retrace;
Around the board they take their places,
And share the wine and Bouillabaisse.
There's Jack has made a wondrous marriage;
There's laughing Tom is laughing yet;
There's brave Augustus drives his carriage;
There's poor old Fred in the Gazette;
On James's head the grass is growing:
Good Lord! the world has wagged apace
Since here we sat the Claret flowing,
And drank, and ate the Bouillabaisse.
Ah me! how quick the days are flitting!
I mind me of a time that's gone,
When here I'd sit, as now I'm sitting,
In this same place- but not alone.
A fair young form was nestled near me,
A dear, dear face looked fondly up,
And sweetly spoke and smiled to cheer me.
-  There's no one now to share my cup.
........
I drink it as the Fates ordain it.
Come, fill it, and have done with rhymes;
Fill up the lonely glass, and drain it
In memory of dear old times.
Welcome the wine, whate'er the seal is;
And sit you down and say your grace
With thankful heart, whate'er the meal is.
Here comes the smoking Bouillabaisse!Of all the docks upon the blue
There was no dockyard, old or new,
To touch the dock at Cockatoo.
Of all the ministerial clan
There was no nicer, worthier man
Than Admiral O'Sullivan.
Of course, we mean E. W.
O'Sullivan, the hero who
Controlled the dock at Cockatoo.
To workmen he explained his views --
"You need not toil unless you choose,
Your only work is drawing screws."
And sometimes to their great surprise
When votes of censure filled the skies
He used to give them all a rise.
"What odds about a pound or two?"
Exclaimed the great E. W.
O'Sullivan at Cockatoo.
The dockyard superintendent, he
Was not at all what he should be --
He sneered at all this sympathy.
So when he gave a man the sack
O'Sullivan got on his track
And straightway went and fetched him back.
And with a sympathetic tear
He'd say, "How dare you interfere,
You most misguided engineer?
"Your sordid manners please amend --
No man can possibly offend
Who has a Member for a friend.
"With euchre, or a friendly rub,
And whisky, from the nearest 'pub',
We'll make the dockyard like a club.
"Heave ho, my hearties, play away,
We'll do no weary work today.
What odds -- the public has to pay!
"And if the public should complain
I'll go to Broken Hill by train
To watch McCarthy making rain."
And there, with nothing else to do
No doubt the great E. W.
Will straightway raise McCarthy's screw.Tell me now in what hidden way is
Lady Flora the lovely Roman?
Where's Hipparchia, and where is Thais,
Neither of them the fairer woman?
Where is Echo, beheld of no man,
Only heard on river and mere--
She whose beauty was more than human?--
But where are the snows of yester-year?
Where's Heloise, the learned nun,
For whose sake Abeillard, I ween,
Lost manhood and put priesthood on?
(From Love he won such dule and teen!)
And where, I pray you, is the Queen
Who willed that Buridan should steer
Sewed in a sack's mouth down the Seine?--
But where are the snows of yester-year?
White Queen Blanche, like a queen of lilies,
With a voice like any mermaiden--
Bertha Broadfoot, Beatrice, Alice,
And Ermengarde the lady of Maine--
And that good Joan whom Englishmen
At Rouen doomed and burned her there--
Mother of God, where are they then?--
But where are the snows of yester-year?
Nay, never ask this week, fair lord,
Where they are gone, nor yet this year,
Except with this for an overword--
But where are the snows of yester-year?Oh, East is East, and West is West, and never the twain shall meet,
Till Earth and Sky stand presently at God's great Judgment Seat;
But there is neither East nor West, Border, nor Breed, nor Birth,
When two strong men stand face to face,
tho' they come from the ends of the earth!
Kamal is out with twenty men to raise the Border-side,
And he has lifted the Colonel's mare that is the Colonel's pride:
He has lifted her out of the stable-door between the dawn and the day,
And turned the calkins upon her feet, and ridden her far away.
Then up and spoke the Colonel's son that led a troop of the Guides:
"Is there never a man of all my men can say where Kamal hides?"
Then up and spoke Mahommed Khan, the son of the Ressaldar:
"If ye know the track of the morning-mist, ye know where his pickets are.
At dusk he harries the Abazai -- at dawn he is into Bonair,
But he must go by Fort Bukloh to his own place to fare,
So if ye gallop to Fort Bukloh as fast as a bird can fly,
By the favour of God ye may cut him off ere he win to the Tongue of Jagai.
But if he be past the Tongue of Jagai, right swiftly turn ye then,
For the length and the breadth of that grisly plain is sown with Kamal's men.
There is rock to the left, and rock to the right, and low lean thorn between,
And ye may hear a breech-bolt snick where never a man is seen."
The Colonel's son has taken a horse, and a raw rough dun was he,
With the mouth of a bell and the heart of Hell
and the head of the gallows-tree.
The Colonel's son to the Fort has won, they bid him stay to eat --
Who rides at the tail of a Border thief, he sits not long at his meat.
He's up and away from Fort Bukloh as fast as he can fly,
Till he was aware of his father's mare in the gut of the Tongue of Jagai,
Till he was aware of his father's mare with Kamal upon her back,
And when he could spy the white of her eye, he made the pistol crack.
He has fired once, he has fired twice, but the whistling ball went wide.
"Ye shoot like a soldier," Kamal said.  "Show now if ye can ride."
It's up and over the Tongue of Jagai, as blown dustdevils go,
The dun he fled like a stag of ten, but the mare like a barren doe.
The dun he leaned against the bit and slugged his head above,
But the red mare played with the snaffle-bars, as a maiden plays with a glove.
There was rock to the left and rock to the right, and low lean thorn between,
And thrice he heard a breech-bolt snick tho' never a man was seen.
They have ridden the low moon out of the sky, their hoofs drum up the dawn,
The dun he went like a wounded bull, but the mare like a new-roused fawn.
The dun he fell at a water-course -- in a woful heap fell he,
And Kamal has turned the red mare back, and pulled the rider free.
He has knocked the pistol out of his hand -- small room was there to strive,
"'Twas only by favour of mine," quoth he, "ye rode so long alive:
There was not a rock for twenty mile, there was not a clump of tree,
But covered a man of my own men with his rifle cocked on his knee.
If I had raised my bridle-hand, as I have held it low,
The little jackals that flee so fast were feasting all in a row:
If I had bowed my head on my breast, as I have held it high,
The kite that whistles above us now were gorged till she could not fly."
Lightly answered the Colonel's son:  "Do good to bird and beast,
But count who come for the broken meats before thou makest a feast.
If there should follow a thousand swords to carry my bones away,
Belike the price of a jackal's meal were more than a thief could pay.
They will feed their horse on the standing crop,
their men on the garnered grain,
The thatch of the byres will serve their fires when all the cattle are slain.
But if thou thinkest the price be fair, -- thy brethren wait to sup,
The hound is kin to the jackal-spawn, -- howl, dog, and call them up!
And if thou thinkest the price be high, in steer and gear and stack,
Give me my father's mare again, and I'll fight my own way back!"
Kamal has gripped him by the hand and set him upon his feet.
"No talk shall be of dogs," said he, "when wolf and gray wolf meet.
May I eat dirt if thou hast hurt of me in deed or breath;
What dam of lances brought thee forth to jest at the dawn with Death?"
Lightly answered the Colonel's son:  "I hold by the blood of my clan:
Take up the mare for my father's gift -- by God, she has carried a man!"
The red mare ran to the Colonel's son, and nuzzled against his breast;
"We be two strong men," said Kamal then, "but she loveth the younger best.
So she shall go with a lifter's dower, my turquoise-studded rein,
My broidered saddle and saddle-cloth, and silver stirrups twain."
The Colonel's son a pistol drew and held it muzzle-end,
"Ye have taken the one from a foe," said he;
"will ye take the mate from a friend?"
"A gift for a gift," said Kamal straight; "a limb for the risk of a limb.
Thy father has sent his son to me, I'll send my son to him!"
With that he whistled his only son, that dropped from a mountain-crest --
He trod the ling like a buck in spring, and he looked like a lance in rest.
"Now here is thy master," Kamal said, "who leads a troop of the Guides,
And thou must ride at his left side as shield on shoulder rides.
Till Death or I cut loose the tie, at camp and board and bed,
Thy life is his -- thy fate it is to guard him with thy head.
So, thou must eat the White Queen's meat, and all her foes are thine,
And thou must harry thy father's hold for the peace of the Border-line,
And thou must make a trooper tough and hack thy way to power --
Belike they will raise thee to Ressaldar when I am hanged in Peshawur."
They have looked each other between the eyes, and there they found no fault,
They have taken the Oath of the Brother-in-Blood on leavened bread and salt:
They have taken the Oath of the Brother-in-Blood on fire and fresh-cut sod,
On the hilt and the haft of the Khyber knife, and the Wondrous Names of God.
The Colonel's son he rides the mare and Kamal's boy the dun,
And two have come back to Fort Bukloh where there went forth but one.
And when they drew to the Quarter-Guard, full twenty swords flew clear --
There was not a man but carried his feud with the blood of the mountaineer.
"Ha' done! ha' done!" said the Colonel's son.
"Put up the steel at your sides!
Last night ye had struck at a Border thief --
to-night 'tis a man of the Guides!"
Oh, East is East, and West is West, and never the twain shall meet,
Till Earth and Sky stand presently at God's great Judgment Seat;
But there is neither East nor West, Border, nor Breed, nor Birth,
When two strong men stand face to face,
tho' they come from the ends of the earth!The old priest Peter Gilligan
Was weary night and day
For half his flock were in their beds
Or under green sods lay.
Once, while he nodded in a chair
At the moth-hour of the eve
Another poor man sent for him,
And he began to grieve.
'I have no rest, nor joy, nor peace,
For people die and die;
And after cried he, 'God forgive!
My body spake not I!'
He knelt, and leaning on the chair
He prayed and fell asleep;
And the moth-hour went from the fields,
And stars began to peep.
They slowly into millions grew,
And leaves shook in the wind
And God covered the world with shade
And whispered to mankind.
Upon the time of sparrow chirp
When the moths came once more,
The old priest Peter Gilligan
Stood upright on the floor.
'Mavrone, mavrone! The man has died
While I slept in the chair.'
He roused his horse out of its sleep
And rode with little care.
He rode now as he never rode,
By rocky lane and fen;
The sick man's wife opened the door,
'Father! you come again!'
'And is the poor man dead?' he cried
'He died an hour ago.'
The old priest Peter Gilligan
In grief swayed to and fro.
'When you were gone, he turned and died,
As merry as a bird.'
The old priest Peter Gilligan
He knelt him at that word.
'He Who hath made the night of stars
For souls who tire and bleed,
Sent one of this great angels down,
To help me in my need.
'He Who is wrapped in purple robes,
With planets in His care
Had pity on the least of things
Asleep upon a chair.'GOOD Father John O'Hart
In penal days rode out
To a Shoneen who had free lands
And his own snipe and trout.
In trust took he John's lands;
Sleiveens were all his race;
And he gave them as dowers to his daughters.
And they married beyond their place.
But Father John went up,
And Father John went down;
And he wore small holes in his Shoes,
And he wore large holes in his gown.
All loved him, only the shoneen,
Whom the devils have by the hair,
From the wives, and the cats, and the children,
To the birds in the white of the air.
The birds, for he opened their cages
As he went up and down;
And he said with a smile, 'Have peace now';
And he went his way with a frown.
But if when anyone died
Came keeners hoarser than rooks,
He bade them give over their keening;
For he was a man of books.
And these were the works of John,
When, weeping score by score,
People came into Colooney;
For he'd died at ninety-four.
There was no human keening;
The birds from Knocknarea
And the world round Knocknashee
Came keening in that day.
The young birds and old birds
Came flying, heavy and sad;
Keening in from Tiraragh,
Keening from Ballinafad;
Keening from Inishmurray.
Nor stayed for bite or sup;
This way were all reproved
Who dig old customs up.This is the story of G.R.D.,
Who went on a mission across the sea
To borrow some money for you and me.
This G. R. Dibbs was a stalwart man
Who was built on a most extensive plan,
And a regular staunch Republican.
But he fell in the hands of the Tory crew
Who said, "It's a shame that a man like you
Should teach Australia this nasty view.
"From her mother's side she should ne'er be gone,
And she ought to be glad to be smiled upon,
And proud to be known as our hanger-on."
And G. R. Dibbs, he went off his peg
At the swells who came for his smiles to beg
And the Prince of Wales -- who was pulling his leg
And he told them all when the wine had flown,
"The Australian has got no land of his own,
His home is England, and there alone."
So he strutted along with the titled band
And he sold the pride of his native land
For a bow and a smile and a shake of the hand.
And the Tory drummers they sit and call:
"Send over your leaders great and small;
For the price is low, and we'll buy them all
"With a tinsel title, a tawdry star
Of a lower grade than our titles are,
And a puff at a prince's big cigar."
And the Tories laugh till they crack their ribs
When they think how they purchased G. R. Dibbs.The Honourable M. T. Nutt
About the bush did jog.
Till, passing by a settler's hut,
He stopped and bought a dog.
Then started homewards full of hope,
Alas, that hopes should fail!
The dog pulled back and took the rope
Beneath the horse's tail.
The Horse remarked, "I would be soft
Such liberties to stand!"
"Oh dog," he said, "Go up aloft,
Young man, go on the land!"COME round me, little childer;
There, don't fling stones at me
Because I mutter as I go;
But pity Moll Magee.
My man was a poor fisher
With shore lines in the say;
My work was saltin' herrings
The whole of the long day.
And sometimes from the Saltin' shed
I scarce could drag my feet,
Under the blessed moonlight,
Along thc pebbly street.
I'd always been but weakly,
And my baby was just born;
A neighbour minded her by day,
I minded her till morn.
I lay upon my baby;
Ye little childer dear,
I looked on my cold baby
When the morn grew frosty and clear.
A weary woman sleeps so hard!
My man grew red and pale,
And gave me money, and bade me go
To my own place, Kinsale.
He drove me out and shut the door.
And gave his curse to me;
I went away in silence,
No neighbour could I see.
The windows and the doors were shut,
One star shone faint and green,
The little straws were turnin round
Across the bare boreen.
I went away in silence:
Beyond old Martin's byre
I saw a kindly neighbour
Blowin' her mornin' fire.
She drew from me my story --
My money's all used up,
And still, with pityin', scornin' eye,
She gives me bite and sup.
She says my man will surely come
And fetch me home agin;
But always, as I'm movin' round,
Without doors or within,
Pilin' the wood or pilin' the turf,
Or goin' to the well,
I'm thinkin' of my baby
And keenin' to mysel'.
And Sometimes I am sure she knows
When, openin' wide His door,
God lights the stats, His candles,
And looks upon the poor.
So now, ye little childer,
Ye won't fling stones at me;
But gather with your shinin' looks
And pity Moll Magee.Have you heard of one Humpty Dumpty
How he fell with a roll and a rumble
And curled up like Lord Olofa Crumple
By the butt of the Magazine Wall,
(Chorus) Of the Magazine Wall,
Hump, helmet and all?
He was one time our King of the Castle
Now he's kicked about like a rotten old parsnip.
And from Green street he'll be sent by order of His Worship
To the penal jail of Mountjoy
(Chorus) To the jail of Mountjoy!
Jail him and joy.
He was fafafather of all schemes for to bother us
Slow coaches and immaculate contraceptives for the populace,
Mare's milk for the sick, seven dry Sundays a week,
Openair love and religion's reform,
(Chorus) And religious reform,
Hideous in form.
Arrah, why, says you, couldn't he manage it?
I'll go bail, my fine dairyman darling,
Like the bumping bull of the Cassidys
All your butter is in your horns.
(Chorus) His butter is in his horns.
Butter his horns!
(Repeat) Hurrah there, Hosty, frosty Hosty, change that shirt
on ye,
Rhyme the rann, the king of all ranns!
Balbaccio, balbuccio!
We had chaw chaw chops, chairs, chewing gum, the chicken-pox
and china chambers
Universally provided by this soffsoaping salesman.
Small wonder He'll Cheat E'erawan our local lads nicknamed him.
When Chimpden first took the floor
(Chorus) With his bucketshop store
Down Bargainweg, Lower.
So snug he was in his hotel premises sumptuous
But soon we'll bonfire all his trash, tricks and trumpery
And 'tis short till sheriff Clancy'll be winding up his unlimited
company
With the bailiff's bom at the door,
(Chorus) Bimbam at the door.
Then he'll bum no more.
Sweet bad luck on the waves washed to our island
The hooker of that hammerfast viking
And Gall's curse on the day when Eblana bay
Saw his black and tan man-o'-war.
(Chorus) Saw his man-o'-war
On the harbour bar.
Where from? roars Poolbeg. Cookingha'pence, he bawls
Donnez-moi scampitle, wick an wipin'fampiny
Fingal Mac Oscar Onesine Bargearse Boniface
Thok's min gammelhole Norveegickers moniker
Og as ay are at gammelhore Norveegickers cod.
(Chorus) A Norwegian camel old cod.
He is, begod.
Lift it, Hosty, lift it, ye devil, ye! up with the rann,
the rhyming rann!
It was during some fresh water garden pumping
Or, according to the Nursing Mirror, while admiring the monkeys
That our heavyweight heathen Humpharey
Made bold a maid to woo
(Chorus) Woohoo, what'll she doo!
The general lost her maidenloo!
He ought to blush for himself, the old hayheaded philosopher,
For to go and shove himself that way on top of her.
Begob, he's the crux of the catalogue
Of our antediluvial zoo,
(Chorus) Messrs Billing and Coo.
Noah's larks, good as noo.
He was joulting by Wellinton's monument
Our rotorious hippopopotamuns
When some bugger let down the backtrap of the omnibus
And he caught his death of fusiliers,
(Chorus) With his rent in his rears.
Give him six years.
'Tis sore pity for his innocent poor children
But look out for his missus legitimate!
When that frew gets a grip of old Earwicker
Won't there be earwigs on the green?
(Chorus) Big earwigs on the green,
The largest ever you seen.
Suffoclose! Shikespower! Seudodanto! Anonymoses!
Then we'll have a free trade Gael's band and mass meeting
For to sod him the brave son of Scandiknavery.
And we'll bury him down in Oxmanstown
Along with the devil and the Danes,
(Chorus) With the deaf and dumb Danes,
And all their remains.
And not all the king's men nor his horses
Will resurrect his corpus
For there's no true spell in Connacht or hell
(bis) That's able to raise a Cain.(In memoriam
C. T. W.
Sometime trooper of the Royal Horse Guards
obiit H.M. prison, Reading, Berkshire
July 7, 1896)
I
He did not wear his scarlet coat,
For blood and wine are red,
And blood and wine were on his hands
When they found him with the dead,
The poor dead woman whom he loved,
And murdered in her bed.
He walked amongst the Trial Men
In a suit of shabby grey;
A cricket cap was on his head,
And his step seemed light and gay;
But I never saw a man who looked
So wistfully at the day.
I never saw a man who looked
With such a wistful eye
Upon that little tent of blue
Which prisoners call the sky,
And at every drifting cloud that went
With sails of silver by.
I walked, with other souls in pain,
Within another ring,
And was wondering if the man had done
A great or little thing,
When a voice behind me whispered low,
'THAT FELLOW'S GOT TO SWING.'
Dear Christ! the very prison walls
Suddenly seemed to reel,
And the sky above my head became
Like a casque of scorching steel;
And, though I was a soul in pain,
My pain I could not feel.
I only knew what hunted thought
Quickened his step, and why
He looked upon the garish day
With such a wistful eye;
The man had killed the thing he loved,
And so he had to die.
Yet each man kills the thing he loves,
By each let this be heard,
Some do it with a bitter look,
Some with a flattering word,
The coward does it with a kiss,
The brave man with a sword!
Some kill their love when they are young,
And some when they are old;
Some strangle with the hands of Lust,
Some with the hands of Gold:
The kindest use a knife, because
The dead so soon grow cold.
Some love too little, some too long,
Some sell, and others buy;
Some do the deed with many tears,
And some without a sigh:
For each man kills the thing he loves,
Yet each man does not die.
He does not die a death of shame
On a day of dark disgrace,
Nor have a noose about his neck,
Nor a cloth upon his face,
Nor drop feet foremost through the floor
Into an empty space.
He does not sit with silent men
Who watch him night and day;
Who watch him when he tries to weep,
And when he tries to pray;
Who watch him lest himself should rob
The prison of its prey.
He does not wake at dawn to see
Dread figures throng his room,
The shivering Chaplain robed in white,
The Sheriff stern with gloom,
And the Governor all in shiny black,
With the yellow face of Doom.
He does not rise in piteous haste
To put on convict-clothes,
While some coarse-mouthed Doctor gloats,
and notes
Each new and nerve-twitched pose,
Fingering a watch whose little ticks
Are like horrible hammer-blows.
He does not know that sickening thirst
That sands one's throat, before
The hangman with his gardener's gloves
Slips through the padded door,
And binds one with three leathern thongs,
That the throat may thirst no more.
He does not bend his head to hear
The Burial Office read,
Nor, while the terror of his soul
Tells him he is not dead,
Cross his own coffin, as he moves
Into the hideous shed.
He does not stare upon the air
Through a little roof of glass:
He does not pray with lips of clay
For his agony to pass;
Nor feel upon his shuddering cheek
The kiss of Caiaphas.
II
Six weeks our guardsman walked the yard,
In the suit of shabby grey:
His cricket cap was on his head,
And his step seemed light and gay,
But I never saw a man who looked
So wistfully at the day.
I never saw a man who looked
With such a wistful eye
Upon that little tent of blue
Which prisoners call the sky,
And at every wandering cloud that trailed
Its ravelled fleeces by.
He did not wring his hands, as do
Those witless men who dare
To try to rear the changeling Hope
In the cave of black Despair:
He only looked upon the sun,
And drank the morning air.
He did not wring his hands nor weep,
Nor did he peek or pine,
But he drank the air as though it held
Some healthful anodyne;
With open mouth he drank the sun
As though it had been wine!
And I and all the souls in pain,
Who tramped the other ring,
Forgot if we ourselves had done
A great or little thing,
And watched with gaze of dull amaze
The man who had to swing.
And strange it was to see him pass
With a step so light and gay,
And strange it was to see him look
So wistfully at the day,
And strange it was to think that he
Had such a debt to pay.
For oak and elm have pleasant leaves
That in the springtime shoot:
But grim to see is the gallows-tree,
With its adder-bitten root,
And, green or dry, a man must die
Before it bears its fruit!
The loftiest place is that seat of grace
For which all worldlings try:
But who would stand in hempen band
Upon a scaffold high,
And through a murderer's collar take
His last look at the sky?
It is sweet to dance to violins
When Love and Life are fair:
To dance to flutes, to dance to lutes
Is delicate and rare:
But it is not sweet with nimble feet
To dance upon the air!
So with curious eyes and sick surmise
We watched him day by day,
And wondered if each one of us
Would end the self-same way,
For none can tell to what red Hell
His sightless soul may stray.
At last the dead man walked no more
Amongst the Trial Men,
And I knew that he was standing up
In the black dock's dreadful pen,
And that never would I see his face
In God's sweet world again.
Like two doomed ships that pass in storm
We had crossed each other's way:
But we made no sign, we said no word,
We had no word to say;
For we did not meet in the holy night,
But in the shameful day.
A prison wall was round us both,
Two outcast men we were:
The world had thrust us from its heart,
And God from out His care:
And the iron gin that waits for Sin
Had caught us in its snare.
III
In Debtors' Yard the stones are hard,
And the dripping wall is high,
So it was there he took the air
Beneath the leaden sky,
And by each side a Warder walked,
For fear the man might die.
Or else he sat with those who watched
His anguish night and day;
Who watched him when he rose to weep,
And when he crouched to pray;
Who watched him lest himself should rob
Their scaffold of its prey.
The Governor was strong upon
The Regulations Act:
The Doctor said that Death was but
A scientific fact:
And twice a day the Chaplain called,
And left a little tract.
And twice a day he smoked his pipe,
And drank his quart of beer:
His soul was resolute, and held
No hiding-place for fear;
He often said that he was glad
The hangman's hands were near.
But why he said so strange a thing
No Warder dared to ask:
For he to whom a watcher's doom
Is given as his task,
Must set a lock upon his lips,
And make his face a mask.
Or else he might be moved, and try
To comfort or console:
And what should Human Pity do
Pent up in Murderers' Hole?
What word of grace in such a place
Could help a brother's soul?
With slouch and swing around the ring
We trod the Fools' Parade!
We did not care: we knew we were
The Devil's Own Brigade:
And shaven head and feet of lead
Make a merry masquerade.
We tore the tarry rope to shreds
With blunt and bleeding nails;
We rubbed the doors, and scrubbed the floors,
And cleaned the shining rails:
And, rank by rank, we soaped the plank,
And clattered with the pails.
We sewed the sacks, we broke the stones,
We turned the dusty drill:
We banged the tins, and bawled the hymns,
And sweated on the mill:
But in the heart of every man
Terror was lying still.
So still it lay that every day
Crawled like a weed-clogged wave:
And we forgot the bitter lot
That waits for fool and knave,
Till once, as we tramped in from work,
We passed an open grave.
With yawning mouth the yellow hole
Gaped for a living thing;
The very mud cried out for blood
To the thirsty asphalte ring:
And we knew that ere one dawn grew fair
Some prisoner had to swing.
Right in we went, with soul intent
On Death and Dread and Doom:
The hangman, with his little bag,
Went shuffling through the gloom:
And each man trembled as he crept
Into his numbered tomb.
That night the empty corridors
Were full of forms of Fear,
And up and down the iron town
Stole feet we could not hear,
And through the bars that hide the stars
White faces seemed to peer.
He lay as one who lies and dreams
In a pleasant meadow-land,
The watchers watched him as he slept,
And could not understand
How one could sleep so sweet a sleep
With a hangman close at hand.
But there is no sleep when men must weep
Who never yet have wept:
So we - the fool, the fraud, the knave -
That endless vigil kept,
And through each brain on hands of pain
Another's terror crept.
Alas! it is a fearful thing
To feel another's guilt!
For, right within, the sword of Sin
Pierced to its poisoned hilt,
And as molten lead were the tears we shed
For the blood we had not spilt.
The Warders with their shoes of felt
Crept by each padlocked door,
And peeped and saw, with eyes of awe,
Grey figures on the floor,
And wondered why men knelt to pray
Who never prayed before.
All through the night we knelt and prayed,
Mad mourners of a corse!
The troubled plumes of midnight were
The plumes upon a hearse:
And bitter wine upon a sponge
Was the savour of Remorse.
The grey cock crew, the red cock crew,
But never came the day:
And crooked shapes of Terror crouched,
In the corners where we lay:
And each evil sprite that walks by night
Before us seemed to play.
They glided past, they glided fast,
Like travellers through a mist:
They mocked the moon in a rigadoon
Of delicate turn and twist,
And with formal pace and loathsome grace
The phantoms kept their tryst.
With mop and mow, we saw them go,
Slim shadows hand in hand:
About, about, in ghostly rout
They trod a saraband:
And the damned grotesques made arabesques,
Like the wind upon the sand!
With the pirouettes of marionettes,
They tripped on pointed tread:
But with flutes of Fear they filled the ear,
As their grisly masque they led,
And loud they sang, and long they sang,
For they sang to wake the dead.
'Oho!' they cried, 'The world is wide,
But fettered limbs go lame!
And once, or twice, to throw the dice
Is a gentlemanly game,
But he does not win who plays with Sin
In the secret House of Shame.'
No things of air these antics were,
That frolicked with such glee:
To men whose lives were held in gyves,
And whose feet might not go free,
Ah! wounds of Christ! they were living things,
Most terrible to see.
Around, around, they waltzed and wound;
Some wheeled in smirking pairs;
With the mincing step of a demirep
Some sidled up the stairs:
And with subtle sneer, and fawning leer,
Each helped us at our prayers.
The morning wind began to moan,
But still the night went on:
Through its giant loom the web of gloom
Crept till each thread was spun:
And, as we prayed, we grew afraid
Of the Justice of the Sun.
The moaning wind went wandering round
The weeping prison-wall:
Till like a wheel of turning steel
We felt the minutes crawl:
O moaning wind! what had we done
To have such a seneschal?
At last I saw the shadowed bars,
Like a lattice wrought in lead,
Move right across the whitewashed wall
That faced my three-plank bed,
And I knew that somewhere in the world
God's dreadful dawn was red.
At six o'clock we cleaned our cells,
At seven all was still,
But the sough and swing of a mighty wing
The prison seemed to fill,
For the Lord of Death with icy breath
Had entered in to kill.
He did not pass in purple pomp,
Nor ride a moon-white steed.
Three yards of cord and a sliding board
Are all the gallows' need:
So with rope of shame the Herald came
To do the secret deed.
We were as men who through a fen
Of filthy darkness grope:
We did not dare to breathe a prayer,
Or to give our anguish scope:
Something was dead in each of us,
And what was dead was Hope.
For Man's grim Justice goes its way,
And will not swerve aside:
It slays the weak, it slays the strong,
It has a deadly stride:
With iron heel it slays the strong,
The monstrous parricide!
We waited for the stroke of eight:
Each tongue was thick with thirst:
For the stroke of eight is the stroke of Fate
That makes a man accursed,
And Fate will use a running noose
For the best man and the worst.
We had no other thing to do,
Save to wait for the sign to come:
So, like things of stone in a valley lone,
Quiet we sat and dumb:
But each man's heart beat thick and quick,
Like a madman on a drum!
With sudden shock the prison-clock
Smote on the shivering air,
And from all the gaol rose up a wail
Of impotent despair,
Like the sound that frightened marshes hear
From some leper in his lair.
And as one sees most fearful things
In the crystal of a dream,
We saw the greasy hempen rope
Hooked to the blackened beam,
And heard the prayer the hangman's snare
Strangled into a scream.
And all the woe that moved him so
That he gave that bitter cry,
And the wild regrets, and the bloody sweats,
None knew so well as I:
For he who lives more lives than one
More deaths than one must die.
IV
There is no chapel on the day
On which they hang a man:
The Chaplain's heart is far too sick,
Or his face is far too wan,
Or there is that written in his eyes
Which none should look upon.
So they kept us close till nigh on noon,
And then they rang the bell,
And the Warders with their jingling keys
Opened each listening cell,
And down the iron stair we tramped,
Each from his separate Hell.
Out into God's sweet air we went,
But not in wonted way,
For this man's face was white with fear,
And that man's face was grey,
And I never saw sad men who looked
So wistfully at the day.
I never saw sad men who looked
With such a wistful eye
Upon that little tent of blue
We prisoners called the sky,
And at every careless cloud that passed
In happy freedom by.
But there were those amongst us all
Who walked with downcast head,
And knew that, had each got his due,
They should have died instead:
He had but killed a thing that lived,
Whilst they had killed the dead.
For he who sins a second time
Wakes a dead soul to pain,
And draws it from its spotted shroud,
And makes it bleed again,
And makes it bleed great gouts of blood,
And makes it bleed in vain!
Like ape or clown, in monstrous garb
With crooked arrows starred,
Silently we went round and round
The slippery asphalte yard;
Silently we went round and round,
And no man spoke a word.
Silently we went round and round,
And through each hollow mind
The Memory of dreadful things
Rushed like a dreadful wind,
And Horror stalked before each man,
And Terror crept behind.
The Warders strutted up and down,
And kept their herd of brutes,
Their uniforms were spick and span,
And they wore their Sunday suits,
But we knew the work they had been at,
By the quicklime on their boots.
For where a grave had opened wide,
There was no grave at all:
Only a stretch of mud and sand
By the hideous prison-wall,
And a little heap of burning lime,
That the man should have his pall.
For he has a pall, this wretched man,
Such as few men can claim:
Deep down below a prison-yard,
Naked for greater shame,
He lies, with fetters on each foot,
Wrapt in a sheet of flame!
And all the while the burning lime
Eats flesh and bone away,
It eats the brittle bone by night,
And the soft flesh by day,
It eats the flesh and bone by turns,
But it eats the heart alway.
For three long years they will not sow
Or root or seedling there:
For three long years the unblessed spot
Will sterile be and bare,
And look upon the wondering sky
With unreproachful stare.
They think a murderer's heart would taint
Each simple seed they sow.
It is not true! God's kindly earth
Is kindlier than men know,
And the red rose would but blow more red,
The white rose whiter blow.
Out of his mouth a red, red rose!
Out of his heart a white!
For who can say by what strange way,
Christ brings His will to light,
Since the barren staff the pilgrim bore
Bloomed in the great Pope's sight?
But neither milk-white rose nor red
May bloom in prison-air;
The shard, the pebble, and the flint,
Are what they give us there:
For flowers have been known to heal
A common man's despair.
So never will wine-red rose or white,
Petal by petal, fall
On that stretch of mud and sand that lies
By the hideous prison-wall,
To tell the men who tramp the yard
That God's Son died for all.
Yet though the hideous prison-wall
Still hems him round and round,
And a spirit may not walk by night
That is with fetters bound,
And a spirit may but weep that lies
In such unholy ground,
He is at peace - this wretched man -
At peace, or will be soon:
There is no thing to make him mad,
Nor does Terror walk at noon,
For the lampless Earth in which he lies
Has neither Sun nor Moon.
They hanged him as a beast is hanged:
They did not even toll
A requiem that might have brought
Rest to his startled soul,
But hurriedly they took him out,
And hid him in a hole.
They stripped him of his canvas clothes,
And gave him to the flies:
They mocked the swollen purple throat,
And the stark and staring eyes:
And with laughter loud they heaped the shroud
In which their convict lies.
The Chaplain would not kneel to pray
By his dishonoured grave:
Nor mark it with that blessed Cross
That Christ for sinners gave,
Because the man was one of those
Whom Christ came down to save.
Yet all is well; he has but passed
To Life's appointed bourne:
And alien tears will fill for him
Pity's long-broken urn,
For his mourners will be outcast men,
And outcasts always mourn
V
I know not whether Laws be right,
Or whether Laws be wrong;
All that we know who lie in gaol
Is that the wall is strong;
And that each day is like a year,
A year whose days are long.
But this I know, that every Law
That men have made for Man,
Since first Man took his brother's life,
And the sad world began,
But straws the wheat and saves the chaff
With a most evil fan.
This too I know - and wise it were
If each could know the same -
That every prison that men build
Is built with bricks of shame,
And bound with bars lest Christ should see
How men their brothers maim.
With bars they blur the gracious moon,
And blind the goodly sun:
And they do well to hide their Hell,
For in it things are done
That Son of God nor son of Man
Ever should look upon!
The vilest deeds like poison weeds,
Bloom well in prison-air;
It is only what is good in Man
That wastes and withers there:
Pale Anguish keeps the heavy gate,
And the Warder is Despair.
For they starve the little frightened child
Till it weeps both night and day:
And they scourge the weak, and flog the fool,
And gibe the old and grey,
And some grow mad, and all grow bad,
And none a word may say.
Each narrow cell in which we dwell
Is a foul and dark latrine,
And the fetid breath of living Death
Chokes up each grated screen,
And all, but Lust, is turned to dust
In Humanity's machine.
The brackish water that we drink
Creeps with a loathsome slime,
And the bitter bread they weigh in scales
Is full of chalk and lime,
And Sleep will not lie down, but walks
Wild-eyed, and cries to Time.
But though lean Hunger and green Thirst
Like asp with adder fight,
We have little care of prison fare,
For what chills and kills outright
Is that every stone one lifts by day
Becomes one's heart by night.
With midnight always in one's heart,
And twilight in one's cell,
We turn the crank, or tear the rope,
Each in his separate Hell,
And the silence is more awful far
Than the sound of a brazen bell.
And never a human voice comes near
To speak a gentle word:
And the eye that watches through the door
Is pitiless and hard:
And by all forgot, we rot and rot,
With soul and body marred.
And thus we rust Life's iron chain
Degraded and alone:
And some men curse, and some men weep,
And some men make no moan:
But God's eternal Laws are kind
And break the heart of stone.
And every human heart that breaks,
In prison-cell or yard,
Is as that broken box that gave
Its treasure to the Lord,
And filled the unclean leper's house
With the scent of costliest nard.
Ah! happy they whose hearts can break
And peace of pardon win!
How else may man make straight his plan
And cleanse his soul from Sin?
How else but through a broken heart
May Lord Christ enter in?
And he of the swollen purple throat,
And the stark and staring eyes,
Waits for the holy hands that took
The Thief to Paradise;
And a broken and a contrite heart
The Lord will not despise.
The man in red who reads the Law
Gave him three weeks of life,
Three little weeks in which to heal
His soul of his soul's strife,
And cleanse from every blot of blood
The hand that held the knife.
And with tears of blood he cleansed the hand,
The hand that held the steel:
For only blood can wipe out blood,
And only tears can heal:
And the crimson stain that was of Cain
Became Christ's snow-white seal.
VI
In Reading gaol by Reading town
There is a pit of shame,
And in it lies a wretched man
Eaten by teeth of flame,
In a burning winding-sheet he lies,
And his grave has got no name.
And there, till Christ call forth the dead,
In silence let him lie:
No need to waste the foolish tear,
Or heave the windy sigh:
The man had killed the thing he loved,
And so he had to die.
And all men kill the thing they love,
By all let this be heard,
Some do it with a bitter look,
Some with a flattering word,
The coward does it with a kiss,
The brave man with a sword!Version II
He did not wear his scarlet coat,
For blood and wine are red,
And blood and wine were on his hands
When they found him with the dead,
The poor dead woman whom he loved,
And murdered in her bed.
He walked amongst the Trial Men
In a suit of shabby gray;
A cricket cap was on his head,
And his step seemed light and gay;
But I never saw a man who looked
So wistfully at the day.
I never saw a man who looked
With such a wistful eye
Upon that little tent of blue
Which prisoners call the sky,
And at every drifting cloud that went
With sails of silver by.
I walked, with other souls in pain,
Within another ring,
And was wondering if the man had done
A great or little thing,
When a voice behind me whispered low,
'That fellow's got to swing.'
Dear Christ! the very prison walls
Suddenly seemed to reel,
And the sky above my head became
Like a casque of scorching steel;
And, though I was a soul in pain,
My pain I could not feel.
I only knew what haunted thought
Quickened his step, and why
He looked upon the garish day
With such a wistful eye;
The man had killed the thing he loved,
And so he had to die.
Yet each man kills the thing he loves,
By each let this be heard,
Some do it with a bitter look,
Some with a flattering word,
The coward does it with a kiss,
The brave man with a sword!
Some kill their love when they are young,
And some when they are old;
Some strangle with the hands of Lust,
Some with the hands of Gold:
The kindest use a knife, because
The dead so soon grow cold.
Some love too little, some too long,
Some sell, and others buy;
Some do the deed with many tears,
And some without a sigh:
For each man kills the thing he loves,
Yet each man does not die.
He does not die a death of shame
On a day of dark disgrace,
Nor have a noose about his neck,
Nor a cloth upon his face,
Nor drop feet foremost through the floor
Into an empty space.
He does not sit with silent men
Who watch him night and day;
Who watch him when he tries to weep,
And when he tries to pray;
Who watch him lest himself should rob
The prison of its prey.
He does not wake at dawn to see
Dread figures throng his room,
The shivering Chaplain robed in white,
The Sheriff stern with gloom,
And the Governor all in shiny black,
With the yellow face of Doom.
He does not rise in piteous haste
To put on convict-clothes,
While some coarse-mouthed Doctor gloats, and notes
Each new and nerve-twitched pose,
Fingering a watch whose little ticks
Are like horrible hammer-blows.
He does not feel that sickening thirst
That sands one's throat, before
The hangman with his gardener's gloves
Comes through the padded door,
And binds one with three leathern thongs,
That the throat may thirst no more.
He does not bend his head to hear
The Burial Office read,
Nor, while the anguish of his soul
Tells him he is not dead,
Cross his own coffin, as he moves
Into the hideous shed.
He does not stare upon the air
Through a little roof of glass:
He does not pray with lips of clay
For his agony to pass;
Nor feel upon his shuddering cheek
The kiss of Caiaphas.
II
Six weeks the guardsman walked the yard,
In the suit of shabby gray:
His cricket cap was on his head,
And his step was light and gay,
But I never saw a man who looked
So wistfully at the day.
I never saw a man who looked
With such a wistful eye
Upon that little tent of blue
Which prisoners call the sky,
And at every wandering cloud that trailed
Its ravelled fleeces by.
He did not wring his hands, as do
Those witless men who dare
To try to rear the changeling Hope
In the cave of black Despair:
He only looked upon the sun,
And drank the morning air.
He did not wring his hands nor weep,
Nor did he peek or pine,
But he drank the air as though it held
Some healthful anodyne;
With open mouth he drank the sun
As though it had been wine!
And I and all the souls in pain,
Who tramped the other ring,
Forgot if we ourselves had done
A great or little thing,
And watched with gaze of dull amaze
The man who had to swing.
For strange it was to see him pass
With a step so light and gay,
And strange it was to see him look
So wistfully at the day,
And strange it was to think that he
Had such a debt to pay.
The oak and elm have pleasant leaves
That in the spring-time shoot:
But grim to see is the gallows-tree,
With its alder-bitten root,
And, green or dry, a man must die
Before it bears its fruit!
The loftiest place is the seat of grace
For which all worldlings try:
But who would stand in hempen band
Upon a scaffold high,
And through a murderer's collar take
His last look at the sky?
It is sweet to dance to violins
When Love and Life are fair:
To dance to flutes, to dance to lutes
Is delicate and rare:
But it is not sweet with nimble feet
To dance upon the air!
So with curious eyes and sick surmise
We watched him day by day,
And wondered if each one of us
Would end the self-same way,
For none can tell to what red Hell
His sightless soul may stray.
At last the dead man walked no more
Amongst the Trial Men,
And I knew that he was standing up
In the black dock's dreadful pen,
And that never would I see his face
For weal or woe again.
Like two doomed ships that pass in storm
We had crossed each other's way:
But we made no sign, we said no word,
We had no word to say;
For we did not meet in the holy night,
But in the shameful day.
A prison wall was round us both,
Two outcast men we were:
The world had thrust us from its heart,
And God from out His care:
And the iron gin that waits for Sin
Had caught us in its snare.
III
In Debtors' Yard the stones are hard,
And the dripping wall is high,
So it was there he took the air
Beneath the leaden sky,
And by each side a warder walked,
For fear the man might die.
Or else he sat with those who watched
His anguish night and day;
Who watched him when he rose to weep,
And when he crouched to pray;
Who watched him lest himself should rob
Their scaffold of its prey.
The Governor was strong upon
The Regulations Act:
The Doctor said that Death was but
A scientific fact:
And twice a day the Chaplain called,
And left a little tract.
And twice a day he smoked his pipe,
And drank his quart of beer:
His soul was resolute, and held
No hiding-place for fear;
He often said that he was glad
The hangman's day was near.
But why he said so strange a thing
No warder dared to ask:
For he to whom a watcher's doom
Is given as his task,
Must set a lock upon his lips,
And make his face a mask.
Or else he might be moved, and try
To comfort or console:
And what should Human Pity do
Pent up in Murderers' Hole?
What word of grace in such a place
Could help a brother's soul?
With slouch and swing around the ring
We trod the Fools' Parade!
We did not care: we knew we were
The Devils' Own Brigade:
And shaven head and feet of lead
Make a merry masquerade.
We tore the tarry rope to shreds
With blunt and bleeding nails;
We rubbed the doors, and scrubbed the floors,
And cleaned the shining rails:
And, rank by rank, we soaped the plank,
And clattered with the pails.
We sewed the sacks, we broke the stones,
We turned the dusty drill:
We banged the tins, and bawled the hymns,
And sweated on the mill:
But in the heart of every man
Terror was lying still.
So still it lay that every day
Crawled like a weed-clogged wave:
And we forgot the bitter lot
That waits for fool and knave,
Till once, as we tramped in from work,
We passed an open grave.
With yawning mouth the horrid hole
Gaped for a living thing;
The very mud cried out for blood
To the thirsty asphalte ring:
And we knew that ere one dawn grew fair
The fellow had to swing.
Right in we went, with soul intent
On Death and Dread and Doom:
The hangman, with his little bag,
Went shuffling through the gloom:
And I trembled as I groped my way
Into my numbered tomb.
That night the empty corridors
Were full of forms of Fear,
And up and down the iron town
Stole feet we could not hear,
And through the bars that hide the stars
White faces seemed to peer.
He lay as one who lies and dreams
In a pleasant meadow-land,
The watchers watched him as he slept,
And could not understand
How one could sleep so sweet a sleep
With a hangman close at hand.
But there is no sleep when men must weep
Who never yet have wept:
So we- the fool, the fraud, the knave-
That endless vigil kept,
And through each brain on hands of pain
Another's terror crept.
Alas! it is a fearful thing
To feel another's guilt!
For, right within, the sword of Sin
Pierced to its poisoned hilt,
And as molten lead were the tears we shed
For the blood we had not spilt.
The warders with their shoes of felt
Crept by each padlocked door,
And peeped and saw, with eyes of awe,
Gray figures on the floor,
And wondered why men knelt to pray
Who never prayed before.
All through the night we knelt and prayed,
Mad mourners of a corse!
The troubled plumes of midnight shook
Like the plumes upon a hearse:
And as bitter wine upon a sponge
Was the savour of Remorse.
The gray cock crew, the red cock crew,
But never came the day:
And crooked shapes of Terror crouched,
In the corners where we lay:
And each evil sprite that walks by night
Before us seemed to play.
They glided past, the glided fast,
Like travellers through a mist:
They mocked the moon in a rigadoon
Of delicate turn and twist,
And with formal pace and loathsome grace
The phantoms kept their tryst.
With mop and mow, we saw them go,
Slim shadows hand in hand:
About, about, in ghostly rout
They trod a saraband:
And the damned grotesques made arabesques,
Like the wind upon the sand!
With the pirouettes of marionettes,
They tripped on pointed tread:
But with flutes of Fear they filled the ear,
As their grisly masque they led,
And loud they sang, and long they sang,
For they sang to wake the dead.
'Oho! ' they cried, 'the world is wide,
But fettered limbs go lame!
And once, or twice, to throw the dice
Is a gentlemanly game,
But he does not win who plays with Sin
In the secret House of Shame.'
No things of air these antics were,
That frolicked with such glee:
To men whose lives were held in gyves,
And whose feet might not go free,
Ah! wounds of Christ! they were living things,
Most terrible to see.
Around, around, they waltzed and wound;
Some wheeled in smirking pairs;
With the mincing step of a demirep
Some sidled up the stairs:
And with subtle sneer, and fawning leer,
Each helped us at our prayers.
The morning wind began to moan,
But still the night went on:
Through its giant loom the web of gloom
Crept till each thread was spun:
And, as we prayed, we grew afraid
Of the Justice of the Sun.
The moaning wind went wandering round
The weeping prison wall:
Till like a wheel of turning steel
We felt the minutes crawl:
O moaning wind! what had we done
To have such a seneschal?
At last I saw the shadowed bars,
Like a lattice wrought in lead,
Move right across the whitewashed wall
That faced my three-plank bed,
And I knew that somewhere in the world
God's dreadful dawn was red.
At six o'clock we cleaned our cells,
At seven all was still,
But the sough and swing of a mighty wing
The prison seemed to fill,
For the Lord of Death with icy breath
Had entered in to kill.
He did not pass in purple pomp,
Nor ride a moon-white steed.
Three yards of cord and a sliding board
Are all the gallows' need:
So with rope of shame the Herald came
To do the secret deed.
We were as men who through a fen
Of filthy darkness grope:
We did not dare to breathe a prayer,
Or to give our anguish scope:
Something was dead in each of us,
And what was dead was Hope.
For Man's grim Justice goes its way
And will not swerve aside:
It slays the weak, it slays the strong,
It has a deadly stride:
With iron heel it slays the strong
The monstrous parricide!
We waited for the stroke of eight:
Each tongue was thick with thirst:
For the stroke of eight is the stroke of Fate
That makes a man accursed,
And Fate will use a running noose
For the best man and the worst.
We had no other thing to do,
Save to wait for the sign to come:
So, like things of stone in a valley lone,
Quiet we sat and dumb:
But each man's heart beat thick and quick,
Like a madman on a drum!
With sudden shock the prison-clock
Smote on the shivering air,
And from all the gaol rose up a wail
Of impotent despair,
Like the sound the frightened marshes hear
From some leper in his lair.
And as one sees most fearful things
In the crystal of a dream,
We saw the greasy hempen rope
Hooked to the blackened beam,
And heard the prayer the hangman's snare
Strangled into a scream.
And all the woe that moved him so
That he gave that bitter cry,
And the wild regrets, and the bloody sweats,
None knew so well as I:
For he who lives more lives than one
More deaths that one must die.
IV
There is no chapel on the day
On which they hang a man:
The Chaplain's heart is far too sick,
Or his face is far too wan,
Or there is that written in his eyes
Which none should look upon.
So they kept us close till nigh on noon,
And then they rang the bell,
And the warders with their jingling keys
Opened each listening cell,
And down the iron stair we tramped,
Each from his separate Hell.
Out into God's sweet air we went,
But not in wonted way,
For this man's face was white with fear,
And that man's face was gray,
And I never saw sad men who looked
So wistfully at the day.
I never saw sad men who looked
With such a wistful eye
Upon that little tent of blue
We prisoners called the sky,
And at every happy cloud that passed
In such strange freedom by.
But there were those amongst us all
Who walked with downcast head,
And knew that, had each got his due,
They should have died instead:
He had but killed a thing that lived,
Whilst they had killed the dead.
For he who sins a second time
Wakes a dead soul to pain,
And draws it from its spotted shroud
And makes it bleed again,
And makes it bleed great gouts of blood,
And makes it bleed in vain!
Like ape or clown, in monstrous garb
With crooked arrows starred,
Silently we went round and round
The slippery asphalte yard;
Silently we went round and round,
And no man spoke a word.
Silently we went round and round,
And through each hollow mind
The Memory of dreadful things
Rushed like a dreadful wind,
And Horror stalked before each man,
And Terror crept behind.
The warders strutted up and down,
And watched their herd of brutes,
Their uniforms were spick and span,
And they wore their Sunday suits,
But we knew the work they had been at,
By the quicklime on their boots.
For where a grave had opened wide,
There was no grave at all:
Only a stretch of mud and sand
By the hideous prison-wall,
And a little heap of burning lime,
That the man should have his pall.
For he has a pall, this wretched man,
Such as few men can claim:
Deep down below a prison-yard,
Naked, for greater shame,
He lies, with fetters on each foot,
Wrapt in a sheet of flame!
And all the while the burning lime
Eats flesh and bone away,
It eats the brittle bones by night,
And the soft flesh by day,
It eats the flesh and bone by turns,
But it eats the heart alway.
For three long years they will not sow
Or root or seedling there:
For three long years the unblessed spot
Will sterile be and bare,
And look upon the wondering sky
With unreproachful stare.
They think a murderer's heart would taint
Each simple seed they sow.
It is not true! God's kindly earth
Is kindlier than men know,
And the red rose would but glow more red,
The white rose whiter blow.
Out of his mouth a red, red rose!
Out of his heart a white!
For who can say by what strange way,
Christ brings His will to light,
Since the barren staff the pilgrim bore
Bloomed in the great Pope's sight?
But neither milk-white rose nor red
May bloom in prison air;
The shard, the pebble, and the flint,
Are what they give us there:
For flowers have been known to heal
A common man's despair.
So never will wine-red rose or white,
Petal by petal, fall
On that stretch of mud and sand that lies
By the hideous prison-wall,
To tell the men who tramp the yard
That God's Son died for all.
Yet though the hideous prison-wall
Still hems him round and round,
And a spirit may not walk by night
That is with fetters bound,
And a spirit may but weep that lies
In such unholy ground,
He is at peace- this wretched man-
At peace, or will be soon:
There is no thing to make him mad,
Nor does Terror walk at noon,
For the lampless Earth in which he lies
Has neither Sun nor Moon.
They hanged him as a beast is hanged:
They did not even toll
A requiem that might have brought
Rest to his startled soul,
But hurriedly they took him out,
And hid him in a hole.
The warders stripped him of his clothes,
And gave him to the flies:
They mocked the swollen purple throat,
And the stark and staring eyes:
And with laughter loud they heaped the shroud
In which the convict lies.
The Chaplain would not kneel to pray
By his dishonoured grave:
Nor mark it with that blessed Cross
That Christ for sinners gave,
Because the man was one of those
Whom Christ came down to save.
Yet all is well; he has but passed
To Life's appointed bourne:
And alien tears will fill for him
Pity's long-broken urn,
For his mourners be outcast men,
And outcasts always mourn.
V
I know not whether Laws be right,
Or whether Laws be wrong;
All that we know who lie in gaol
Is that the wall is strong;
And that each day is like a year,
A year whose days are long.
But this I know, that every Law
That men have made for Man,
Since first Man took His brother's life,
And the sad world began,
But straws the wheat and saves the chaff
With a most evil fan.
This too I know- and wise it were
If each could know the same-
That every prison that men build
Is built with bricks of shame,
And bound with bars lest Christ should see
How men their brothers maim.
With bars they blur the gracious moon,
And blind the goodly sun:
And the do well to hide their Hell,
For in it things are done
That Son of things nor son of Man
Ever should look upon!
The vilest deeds like poison weeds
Bloom well in prison-air:
It is only what is good in Man
That wastes and withers there:
Pale Anguish keeps the heavy gate,
And the warder is Despair.
For they starve the little frightened child
Till it weeps both night and day:
And they scourge the weak, and flog the fool,
And gibe the old and gray,
And some grow mad, and all grow bad,
And none a word may say.
Each narrow cell in which we dwell
Is a foul and dark latrine,
And the fetid breath of living Death
Chokes up each grated screen,
And all, but Lust, is turned to dust
In Humanity's machine.
The brackish water that we drink
Creeps with a loathsome slime,
And the bitter bread they weigh in scales
Is full of chalk and lime,
And Sleep will not lie down, but walks
Wild-eyed, and cries to Time.
But though lean Hunger and green Thirst
Like asp with adder fight,
We have little care of prison fare,
For what chills and kills outright
Is that every stone one lifts by day
Becomes one's heart by night.
With midnight always in one's heart,
And twilight in one's cell,
We turn the crank, or tear the rope,
Each in his separate Hell,
And the silence is more awful far
Than the sound of a brazen bell.
And never a human voice comes near
To speak a gentle word:
And the eye that watches through the door
Is pitiless and hard:
And by all forgot, we rot and rot,
With soul and body marred.
And thus we rust Life's iron chain
Degraded and alone:
And some men curse, and some men weep,
And some men make no moan:
But God's eternal Laws are kind
And break the heart of stone.
And every human heart that breaks,
In prison-cell or yard,
Is as that broken box that gave
Its treasure to the Lord,
And filled the unclean leper's house
With the scent of costliest nard.
Ah! happy they whose hearts can break
And peace of pardon win!
How else may man make straight his plan
And cleanse his soul from Sin?
How else but through a broken heart
May Lord Christ enter in?
And he of the swollen purple throat,
And the stark and staring eyes,
Waits for the holy hands that took
The Thief to Paradise;
And a broken and a contrite heart
The Lord will not despise.
The man in red who reads the Law
Gave him three weeks of life,
Three little weeks in which to heal
His soul of his soul's strife,
And cleanse from every blot of blood
The hand that held the knife.
And with tears of blood he cleansed the hand,
The hand that held the steel:
For only blood can wipe out blood,
And only tears can heal:
And the crimson stain that was of Cain
Became Christ's snow-white seal.
VI
In Reading gaol by Reading town
There is a pit of shame,
And in it lies a wretched man
Eaten by teeth of flame,
In a burning winding-sheet he lies,
And his grave has got no name.
And there, till Christ call forth the dead,
In silence let him lie:
No need to waste the foolish tear,
Or heave the windy sigh:
The man had killed the thing he loved,
And so he had to die.
And all men kill the thing they love,
By all let this be heard,
Some do it with a bitter look,
Some with a flattering word,
The coward does it with a kiss,
The brave man with a sword!Rudolph Reed was oaken.
His wife was oaken too.
And his two good girls and his good little man
Oakened as they grew.
"I am not hungry for berries.
I am not hungry for bread.
But hungry hungry for a house
Where at night a man in bed
"May never hear the plaster
Stir as if in pain.
May never hear the roaches
Falling like fat rain.
"Where never wife and children need
Go blinking through the gloom.
Where every room of many rooms
Will be full of room.
"Oh my home may have its east or west
Or north or south behind it.
All I know is I shall know it,
And fight for it when I find it."
The agent's steep and steady stare
Corroded to a grin.
Why you black old, tough old hell of a man,
Move your family in!
Nary a grin grinned Rudolph Reed,
Nary a curse cursed he,
But moved in his House. With his dark little wife,
And his dark little children three.
A neighbor would look, with a yawning eye
That squeezed into a slit.
But the Rudolph Reeds and children three
Were too joyous to notice it.
For were they not firm in a home of their own
With windows everywhere
And a beautiful banistered stair
And a front yard for flowers and a back for grass?
The first night, a rock, big as two fists.
The second, a rock big as three.
But nary a curse cursed Rudolph Reed.
(Though oaken as man could be.)
The third night, a silvery ring of glass.
Patience arched to endure,
But he looked, and lo! small Mabel's blood
Was staining her gaze so pure.
Then up did rise our Roodoplh Reed
And pressed the hand of his wife,
And went to the door with a thirty-four
And a beastly butcher knife.
He ran like a mad thing into the night
And the words in his mouth were stinking.
By the time he had hurt his first white man
He was no longer thinking.
By the time he had hurt his fourth white man
Rudolph Reed was dead.
His neighbors gathered and kicked his corpse.
"Nigger--" his neighbors said.
Small Mabel whimpered all night long,
For calling herself the cause.
Her oak-eyed mother did no thing
But change the bloody gauze.The shades of night had fallen at last,
When through the house a shadow passed,
That once had been the Genial Dan,
But now become a desperate man,
At question time he waited near,
And on the Premier's startled ear
A voice fell like half a brick --
"Did ye, or did ye not, pay Crick
Did ye?"
By land and sea the Premier sped,
But found his foe where'er he fled,
The sailors swore -- with whitened lip --
That Neptune swam behind the ship:
When to the stern the Premier ran,
Behold, 'twas no one else but Dan,
And through the roaring of the gale
That clarion voice took up the tale,
"Ahot there! Answer, straight and slick!
Did not the Ministry pay Crick
Did they?"
In railway trains he sought retreat,
But soon, from underneath the seat,
With blazing eye and bristling beard,
His ancient enemy appeared,
And like a boiling torrent ran
The accents of the angry Dan --
"Tell me, John See, and tell me quick
Did not ye pay your shares to Crick
Did ye?"They spoke of Progress spiring round,
Of light and Mrs Humphrey Ward--
It is not true to say I frowned,
Or ran about the room and roared;
I might have simply sat and snored--
I rose politely in the club
And said, `I feel a little bored;
Will someone take me to a pub?'
The new world's wisest did surround
Me; and it pains me to record
I did not think their views profound,
Or their conclusions well assured;
The simple life I can't afford,
Besides, I do not like the grub--
I want a mash and sausage, `scored'--
Will someone take me to a pub?
I know where Men can still be found,
Anger and clamorous accord,
And virtues growing from the ground,
And fellowship of beer and board,
And song, that is a sturdy cord,
And hope, that is a hardy shrub,
And goodness, that is God's last word--
Will someone take me to a pub?
Envoi
Prince, Bayard would have smashed his sword
To see the sort of knights you dub--
Is that the last of them--O Lord
Will someone take me to a pub?By the far Samoan shore,
Where the league-long rollers pour
All the wash of the Pacific on the coral-guarded bay,
Riding lightly at their ease,
In the calm of tropic seas,
The three great nations' warships at their anchors proudly lay.
Riding lightly, head to wind,
With the coral reefs behind,
Three German and three Yankee ships were mirrored in the blue;
And on one ship unfurled
Was the flag that rules the world --
For on the old Calliope the flag of England flew.
When the gentle off-shore breeze,
That had scarcely stirred the trees,
Dropped down to utter stillness, and the glass began to fall,
Away across the main
Lowered the coming hurricane,
And far away to seaward hung the cloud-wrack like a pall.
If the word had passed around,
"Let us move to safer ground;
Let us steam away to seaward" -- then his tale were not to tell!
But each Captain seemed to say
"If the others stay, I stay!"
And they lingered at their moorings till the shades of evening fell.
Then the cloud-wrack neared them fast,
And there came a sudden blast,
And the hurricane came leaping down a thousand miles of main!
Like a lion on its prey,
Leapt the storm fiend on the bay,
And the vessels shook and shivered as their cables felt the strain.
As the surging seas came by,
That were running mountains high,
The vessels started dragging, drifting slowly to the lee;
And the darkness of the night
Hid the coral reefs from sight,
And the Captains dared not risk the chance to grope their way to sea.
In the dark they dared not shift!
They were forced to wait and drift;
All hands stood by uncertain would the anchors hold or no.
But the men on deck could see,
If a chance for them might be,
There was little chance of safety for the men who were below.
Through that long, long night of dread,
While the storm raged overhead,
They were waiting by their engines, with the furnace fires aroar;
So they waited, staunch and true,
Though they knew, and well they knew,
They must drown like rats imprisoned if the vessel touched the shore.
When the grey dawn broke at last,
And the long, long night was past,
While the hurricane redoubled, lest its prey should steal away,
On the rocks, all smashed and strown,
Were the German vessels thrown,
While the Yankees, swamped and helpless, drifted shorewards down the bay.
Then at last spoke Captain Kane,
"All our anchors are in vain,
And the Germans and the Yankees they have drifted to the lee!
Cut the cables at the bow!
We must trust the engines now!
Give her steam, and let her have it, lads! we'll fight her out to sea!"
And the answer came with cheers
From the stalwart engineers,
From the grim and grimy firemen at the furnaces below;
And above the sullen roar
Of the breakers on the shore
Came the throbbing of the engines as they laboured to and fro.
If the strain should find a flaw,
Should a bolt or rivet draw,
Then -- God help them! for the vessel were a plaything in the tide!
With a face of honest cheer
Quoth an English engineer,
"I will answer for the engiines that were built on old Thames-side!
"For the stays and stanchions taut,
For the rivets truly wrought,
For the valves that fit their faces as a glove should fit the hand.
Give her every ounce of power;
If we make a knot an hour
Then it's way enough to steer her, and we'll drive her from the land."
Life a foam-flake tossed and thrown,
She could barely hold her own,
While the other ships all helplessly were drifting to the lee.
Through the smother and the rout
The Calliope steamed out --
And they cheered her from the Trenton that was foundering in the sea.
Ay! drifting shoreward there,
All helpless as they were,
Their vessel hurled upon the reefs as weed ashore is hurled,
Without a thought of fear
The Yankees raised a cheer --
A cheer that English-speaking folk should echo round the world.Ho! Darkies, don't you hear dose voters cryin'
Pack dat carpet bag!
You must get to de Poll, you must get there flyin';
Pack dat carpet bag!
You must travel by de road, you must travel by de train,
And the things what you've done you will have to explain,
And the things what you've promised, you must promise 'em again.
Pack dat carpet bag!
Hear dem voters callin!
Pack de clean boiled rag.
For there's grass in the west, and the rain am fallin'.
Pack dat carpet bag!
You must pack up a volume of Coghlan's Figures,
Pack dat carpet bag!
And a lot o' little jokes to amuse those niggers.
Pack dat carpet bag!
You must wheedle all de gals with a twinkle of your eye,
You must bob down your head when de eggs begin to fly.
Oh! those eggs what they're saving, and they'll throw 'em by and by.
Pack dat carpet bag!
Hear dem voters callin'!
Pack de clean boiled rag.
For there's grass in the west, and the rain am fallin'.
Pack dat carpet bag!
You must get upon a stump, you must practise speakin',
Pack dat carpet bag!
You must follow Georgie Reid or Alfred Deakin.
Pack dat carpet bag!
You must come to de scratch, or you're bound to fail,
For it ain't any time to be sittin' on de rail,
Or de votes that you'll get -- they won't keep you out o' jail.
Pack dat carpet bag!
Hear dem voters callin'!
Pack de clean boiled rag.
For there's grass in the west, and the rain am fallin'.
Pack dat carpet bag!
And supposin' that you're beat, and you feel like cryin',
Pack dat carpet bag!
You must hustle back to work -- just to keep from dyin'.
Pack dat carpet bag!
You must travel second-class when you travel by de train,
For you haven't got a pass on de end of your chain,
While the other fellow's packing for de great campaign.
Pack dat carpet bag!
Hear dem voters callin'!
Pack de clean boiled rag.
For there's grass in the west, and the rain am fallin'.
Pack dat carpet bag!1
The children of the Czar
Played with a bouncing ball
In the May morning, in the Czar's garden,
Tossing it back and forth.
It fell among the flowerbeds
Or fled to the north gate.
A daylight moon hung up
In the Western sky, bald white.
Like Papa's face, said Sister,
Hurling the white ball forth.
2
While I ate a baked potato
Six thousand miles apart,
In Brooklyn, in 1916,
Aged two, irrational.
When Franklin D. Roosevelt
Was an Arrow Collar ad.
O Nicholas! Alas! Alas!
My grandfather coughed in your army,
Hid in a wine-stinking barrel,
For three days in Bucharest
Then left for America
To become a king himself.
3
I am my father's father,
You are your children's guilt.
In history's pity and terror
The child is Aeneas again;
Troy is in the nursery,
The rocking horse is on fire.
Child labor! The child must carry
His fathers on his back.
But seeing that so much is past
And that history has no ruth
For the individual,
Who drinks tea, who catches cold,
Let anger be general:
I hate an abstract thing.
4
Brother and sister bounced
The bounding, unbroken ball,
The shattering sun fell down
Like swords upon their play,
Moving eastward among the stars
Toward February and October.
But the Maywind brushed their cheeks
Like a mother watching sleep,
And if for a moment they fight
Over the bouncing ball
And sister pinches brother
And brother kicks her shins,
Well! The heart of man in known:
It is a cactus bloom.
5
The ground on which the ball bounces
Is another bouncing ball.
The wheeling, whirling world
Makes no will glad.
Spinning in its spotlight darkness,
It is too big for their hands.
A pitiless, purposeless Thing,
Arbitrary, and unspent,
Made for no play, for no children,
But chasing only itself.
The innocent are overtaken,
They are not innocent.
They are their father's fathers,
The past is inevitable.
6
Now, in another October
Of this tragic star,
I see my second year,
I eat my baked potato.
It is my buttered world,
But, poked by my unlearned hand,
It falls from the highchair down
And I begin to howl
And I see the ball roll under
The iron gate which is locked.
Sister is screaming, brother is howling,
The ball has evaded their will.
Even a bouncing ball
Is uncontrollable,
And is under the garden wall.
I am overtaken by terror
Thinking of my father's fathers,
And of my own will.It was our war-ship ~Clampherdown~
Would sweep the Channel clean,
Wherefore she kept her hatches close
When the merry Channel chops arose,
To save the bleached marine.
She had one bow-gun of a hundred ton,
And a great stern-gun beside;
They dipped their noses deep in the sea,
They racked their stays and stanchions free
In the wash of the wind-whipped tide.
It was our war-ship ~Clampherdown~,
Fell in with a cruiser light
That carried the dainty Hotchkiss gun
And a pair o' heels wherewith to run
From the grip of a close-fought fight.
She opened fire at seven miles --
As ye shoot at a bobbing cork --
And once she fired and twice she fired,
Till the bow-gun drooped like a lily tired
That lolls upon the stalk.
"Captain, the bow-gun melts apace,
The deck-beams break below,
'Twere well to rest for an hour or twain,
And botch the shattered plates again."
And he answered, "Make it so."
She opened fire within the mile --
As ye shoot at the flying duck --
And the great stern-gun shot fair and true,
With the heave of the ship, to the stainless blue,
And the great stern-turret stuck.
"Captain, the turret fills with steam,
The feed-pipes burst below --
You can hear the hiss of the helpless ram,
You can hear the twisted runners jam."
And he answered, "Turn and go!"
It was our war-ship ~Clampherdown~,
And grimly did she roll;
Swung round to take the cruiser's fire
As the White Whale faces the Thresher's ire
When they war by the frozen Pole.
"Captain, the shells are falling fast,
And faster still fall we;
And it is not meet for English stock
To bide in the heart of an eight-day clock
The death they cannot see."
"Lie down, lie down, my bold A.B.,
We drift upon her beam;
We dare not ram, for she can run;
And dare ye fire another gun,
And die in the peeling steam?"
It was our war-ship ~Clampherdown~
That carried an armour-belt;
But fifty feet at stern and bow
Lay bare as the paunch of the purser's sow,
To the hail of the ~Nordenfeldt~.
"Captain, they hack us through and through;
The chilled steel bolts are swift!
We have emptied the bunkers in open sea,
Their shrapnel bursts where our coal should be."
And he answered, "Let her drift."
It was our war-ship ~Clampherdown~,
Swung round upon the tide,
Her two dumb guns glared south and north,
And the blood and the bubbling steam ran forth,
And she ground the cruiser's side.
"Captain, they cry, the fight is done,
They bid you send your sword."
And he answered, "Grapple her stern and bow.
They have asked for the steel.  They shall have it now;
Out cutlasses and board!"
It was our war-ship ~Clampherdown~
Spewed up four hundred men;
And the scalded stokers yelped delight,
As they rolled in the waist and heard the fight
Stamp o'er their steel-walled pen.
They cleared the cruiser end to end,
From conning-tower to hold.
They fought as they fought in Nelson's fleet;
They were stripped to the waist, they were bare to the feet,
As it was in the days of old.
It was the sinking ~Clampherdown~
Heaved up her battered side --
And carried a million pounds in steel,
To the cod and the corpse-fed conger-eel,
And the scour of the Channel tide.
It was the crew of the ~Clampherdown~
Stood out to sweep the sea,
On a cruiser won from an ancient foe,
As it was in the days of long ago,
And as it still shall be.Beneath yon birch with silver bark,
And boughs so pendulous and fair,
The brook falls scatter'd down the rock:
And all is mossy there!
And there upon the moss she sits,
The Dark Ladie in silent pain;
The heavy tear is in her eye,
And drops and swells again.
Three times she sends her little page
Up the castled mountain's breast,
If he might find the Knight that wears
The Griffin for his crest.
The sun was sloping down the sky,
And she had linger'd there all day,
Counting moments, dreaming fears--
Oh wherefore can he stay?
She hears a rustling o'er the brook,
She sees far off a swinging bough!
''Tis He! 'Tis my betrothed Knight!
Lord Falkland, it is Thou!'
She springs, she clasps him round the neck,
She sobs a thousand hopes and fears,
Her kisses glowing on his cheeks
She quenches with her tears.
* * * * *
'My friends with rude ungentle words
They scoff and bid me fly to thee!
O give me shelter in thy breast!
O shield and shelter me!
'My Henry, I have given thee much,
I gave what I can ne'er recall,
I gave my heart, I gave my peace,
O Heaven! I gave thee all.'
The Knight made answer to the Maid,
While to his heart he held her hand,
'Nine castles hath my noble sire,
None statelier in the land.
'The fairest one shall be my love's,
The fairest castle of the nine!
Wait only till the stars peep out,
The fairest shall be thine:
'Wait only till the hand of eve
Hath wholly closed yon western bars,
And through the dark we two will steal
Beneath the twinkling stars!'--
'The dark? the dark? No! not the dark?
The twinkling stars? How, Henry? How?
O God! 'twas in the eye of noon
He pledged his sacred vow!
'And in the eye of noon my love
Shall lead me from my mother's door,
Sweet boys and girls all clothed in white
Strewing flowers before:
'But first the nodding minstrels go
With music meet for lordly bowers,
The children next in snow-white vests,
Strewing buds and flowers!
'And then my love and I shall pace,
My jet black hair in pearly braids,
Between our comely bachelors
And blushing bridal maids.'
* * * * *Across the stony ridges,
Across the rolling plain,
Young Harry Dale, the drover,
Comes riding home again.
And well his stock-horse bears him,
And light of heart is he,
And stoutly his old pack-horse
Is trotting by his knee.
Up Queensland way with cattle
He travelled regions vast;
And many months have vanished
Since home-folk saw him last.
He hums a song of someone
He hopes to marry soon;
And hobble-chains and camp-ware
Keep jingling to the tune.
Beyond the hazy dado
Against the lower skies
And yon blue line of ranges
The homestead station lies.
And thitherward the drover
Jogs through the lazy noon,
While hobble-chains and camp-ware
Are jingling to a tune.
An hour has filled the heavens
With storm-clouds inky black;
At times the lightning trickles
Around the drover's track;
But Harry pushes onward,
His horses' strength he tries,
In hope to reach the river
Before the flood shall rise.
The thunder from above him
Goes rolling o'er the plain;
And down on thirsty pastures
In torrents falls the rain.
And every creek and gully
Sends forth its little flood,
Till the river runs a banker,
All stained with yellow mud.
Now Harry speaks to Rover,
The best dog on the plains,
And to his hardy horses,
And strokes their shaggy manes;
`We've breasted bigger rivers
When floods were at their height
Nor shall this gutter stop us
From getting home to-night!'
The thunder growls a warning,
The ghastly lightnings gleam,
As the drover turns his horses
To swim the fatal stream.
But, oh! the flood runs stronger
Than e'er it ran before;
The saddle-horse is failing,
And only half-way o'er!
When flashes next the lightning,
The flood's grey breast is blank,
And a cattle dog and pack-horse
Are struggling up the bank.
But in the lonely homestead
The girl will wait in vain --
He'll never pass the stations
In charge of stock again.
The faithful dog a moment
Sits panting on the bank,
And then swims through the current
To where his master sank.
And round and round in circles
He fights with failing strength,
Till, borne down by the waters,
The old dog sinks at length.
Across the flooded lowlands
And slopes of sodden loam
The pack-horse struggles onward,
To take dumb tidings home.
And mud-stained, wet, and weary,
Through ranges dark goes he;
While hobble-chains and tinware
Are sounding eerily.
.    .    .    .    .
The floods are in the ocean,
The stream is clear again,
And now a verdant carpet
Is stretched across the plain.
But someone's eyes are saddened,
And someone's heart still bleeds
In sorrow for the drover
Who sleeps among the reeds.'Lay me in a cushioned chair;
Carry me, ye four,
With cushions here and cushions there,
To see the world once more.
'To stable and to kennel go;
Bring what is there to bring;
Lead my Lollard to and fro,
Or gently in a ring.
'Put the chair upon the grass:
Bring Rody and his hounds,
That I may contented pass
From these earthly bounds.'
His eyelids droop, his head falls low,
His old eyes cloud with dreams;
The sun upon all things that grow
Falls in sleepy streams.
Brown Lollard treads upon the lawn,
And to the armchair goes,
And now the old man's dreams are gone,
He smooths the long brown nose.
And now moves many a pleasant tongue
Upon his wasted hands,
For leading aged hounds and young
The huntsman near him stands.
'Huntsmam Rody, blow the horn,
Make the hills reply.'
The huntsman loosens on the morn
A gay wandering cry.
Fire is in the old man's eyes,
His fingers move and sway,
And when the wandering music dies
They hear him feebly say,
'Huntsman Rody, blow the horn,
Make the hills reply.'
'I cannot blow upon my horn,
I can but weep and sigh.'
Servants round his cushioned place
Are with new sorrow wrung;
Hounds are gazing on his face,
Aged hounds and young.
One blind hound only lies apart
On the sun-smitten grass;
He holds deep commune with his heart:
The moments pass and pass:
The blind hound with a mournful din
Lifts slow his wintry head;
The servants bear the body in;
The hounds wail for the dead."Son," said my mother,
When I was knee-high,
"you've need of clothes to cover you,
and not a rag have I.
"There's nothing in the house
To make a boy breeches,
Nor shears to cut a cloth with,
Nor thread to take stitches.
"There's nothing in the house
But a loaf-end of rye,
And a harp with a woman's head
Nobody will buy,"
And she began to cry.
That was in the early fall.
When came the late fall,
"Son," she said, "the sight of you
Makes your mother's blood crawl,—
"Little skinny shoulder-blades
Sticking through your clothes!
And where you'll get a jacket from
God above knows.
"It's lucky for me, lad,
Your daddy's in the ground,
And can't see the way I let
His son go around!"
And she made a queer sound.
That was in the late fall.
When the winter came,
I'd not a pair of breeches
Nor a shirt to my name.
I couldn't go to school,
Or out of doors to play.
And all the other little boys
Passed our way.
"Son," said my mother,
"Come, climb into my lap,
And I'll chafe your little bones
While you take a nap."
And, oh, but we were silly
For half and hour or more,
Me with my long legs,
Dragging on the floor,
A-rock-rock-rocking
To a mother-goose rhyme!
Oh, but we were happy
For half an hour's time!
But there was I, a great boy,
And what would folks say
To hear my mother singing me
To sleep all day,
In such a daft way?
Men say the winter
Was bad that year;
Fuel was scarce,
And food was dear.
A wind with a wolf's head
Howled about our door,
And we burned up the chairs
And sat upon the floor.
All that was left us
Was a chair we couldn't break,
And the harp with a woman's head
Nobody would take,
For song or pity's sake.
The night before Christmas
I cried with cold,
I cried myself to sleep
Like a two-year old.
And in the deep night
I felt my mother rise,
And stare down upon me
With love in her eyes.
I saw my mother sitting
On the one good chair,
A light falling on her
From I couldn't tell where.
Looking nineteen,
And not a day older,
And the harp with a woman's head
Leaned against her shoulder.
Her thin fingers, moving
In the thin, tall strings,
Were weav-weav-weaving
Wonderful things.
Many bright threads,
From where I couldn't see,
Were running through the harp-strings
Rapidly,
And gold threads whistling
Through my mother's hand.
I saw the web grow,
And the pattern expand.
She wove a child's jacket,
And when it was done
She laid it on the floor
And wove another one.
She wove a red cloak
So regal to see,
"She's made it for a king's son,"
I said, "and not for me."
But I knew it was for me.
She wove a pair of breeches
Quicker than that!
She wove a pair of boots
And a little cocked hat.
She wove a pair of mittens,
Shw wove a little blouse,
She wove all night
In the still, cold house.
She sang as she worked,
And the harp-strings spoke;
Her voice never faltered,
And the thread never broke,
And when I awoke,—
There sat my mother
With the harp against her shoulder,
Looking nineteeen,
And not a day older,
A smile about her lips,
And a light about her head,
And her hands in the harp-strings
Frozen dead.
And piled beside her
And toppling to the skies,
Were the clothes of a king's son,
Just my size.Landlord, landlord,
My roof has sprung a leak.
Don't you 'member I told you about it
Way last week?
Landlord, landlord,
These steps is broken down.
When you come up yourself
It's a wonder you don't fall down.
Ten Bucks you say I owe you?
Ten Bucks you say is due?
Well, that's Ten Bucks more'n I'l pay you
Till you fix this house up new.
What? You gonna get eviction orders?
You gonna cut off my heat?
You gonna take my furniture and
Throw it in the street?
Um-huh! You talking high and mighty.
Talk on-till you get through.
You ain't gonna be able to say a word
If I land my fist on you.
Police! Police!
Come and get this man!
He's trying to ruin the government
And overturn the land!
Copper's whistle!
Patrol bell!
Arrest.
Precinct Station.
Iron cell.
Headlines in press:
Man Threatens landlord
Tenant Held  Bail
Judge GIives Negro 90 Days In County Jail!The end of the affair is always death.
She's my workshop. Slippery eye,
out of the tribe of myself my breath
finds you gone. I horrify
those who stand by. I am fed.
At night, alone, I marry the bed.
Finger to finger, now she's mine.
She's not too far. She's my encounter.
I beat her like a bell. I recline
in the bower where you used to mount her.
You borrowed me on the flowered spread.
At night, alone, I marry the bed.
Take for instance this night, my love,
that every single couple puts together
with a joint overturning, beneath, above,
the abundant two on sponge and feather,
kneeling and pushing, head to head.
At night, alone, I marry the bed.
I break out of my body this way,
an annoying miracle. Could I
put the dream market on display?
I am spread out. I crucify.
My little plum is what you said.
At night, alone, I marry the bed.
Then my black-eyed rival came.
The lady of water, rising on the beach,
a piano at her fingertips, shame
on her lips and a flute's speech.
And I was the knock-kneed broom instead.
At night, alone, I marry the bed.
She took you the way a women takes
a bargain dress off the rack
and I broke the way a stone breaks.
I give back your books and fishing tack.
Today's paper says that you are wed.
At night, alone, I marry the bed.
The boys and girls are one tonight.
They unbutton blouses. They unzip flies.
They take off shoes. They turn off the light.
The glimmering creatures are full of lies.
They are eating each other. They are overfed.
At night, alone, I marry the bed.So rough the goat will scratch, it cannot sleep.
So often goes the pot to the well that it breaks.
So long you heat iron, it will glow;
so heavily you hammer it, it shatters.
So good is the man as his praise;
so far he will go, and he's forgotten;
so bad he behaves, and he's despised.
So loud you cry Christmas, it comes.
So glib you talk, you end up in contradictions.
So good is your credit as the favors you got.
So much you promise that you will back out.
So doggedly you beg that your wish is granted;
so high climbs the price when you want a thing;
so much you want it that you pay the price;
so familiar it gets to you, you want it no more.
So loud you cry Christmas, it comes.
So, you love a dog.  Then feed it!
So long a song will run that people learn it.
So long you keep the fruit, it will rot.
So hot the struggle for a spot that it is won;
so cool you keep your act that your spirit freezes;
so hurriedly you act that you run into bad luck;
so tight you embrace that your catch slips away.
So loud you cry Christmas, it comes.
So you scoff and laugh, and the fun is gone.
So you crave and spend, and lose your shirt.
So candid you are, no blow can be too low.
So good as a gift should a promise be.
So, if you love God, you obey the Church.
So, when you give much, you borrow much.
So, shifting winds turn to storm.
So loud you cry Christmas, it comes.
Prince, so long as a fool persists, he grows wiser;
so, round the world he goes, but return he will,
so humbled and beaten back into servility.
So loud you cry Christmas, it is here.DEDICATION
Of great limbs gone to chaos,
A great face turned to night--
Why bend above a shapeless shroud
Seeking in such archaic cloud
Sight of strong lords and light?
Where seven sunken Englands
Lie buried one by one,
Why should one idle spade, I wonder,
Shake up the dust of thanes like thunder
To smoke and choke the sun?
In cloud of clay so cast to heaven
What shape shall man discern?
These lords may light the mystery
Of mastery or victory,
And these ride high in history,
But these shall not return.
Gored on the Norman gonfalon
The Golden Dragon died:
We shall not wake with ballad strings
The good time of the smaller things,
We shall not see the holy kings
Ride down by Severn side.
Stiff, strange, and quaintly coloured
As the broidery of Bayeux
The England of that dawn remains,
And this of Alfred and the Danes
Seems like the tales a whole tribe feigns
Too English to be true.
Of a good king on an island
That ruled once on a time;
And as he walked by an apple tree
There came green devils out of the sea
With sea-plants trailing heavily
And tracks of opal slime.
Yet Alfred is no fairy tale;
His days as our days ran,
He also looked forth for an hour
On peopled plains and skies that lower,
From those few windows in the tower
That is the head of a man.
But who shall look from Alfred's hood
Or breathe his breath alive?
His century like a small dark cloud
Drifts far; it is an eyeless crowd,
Where the tortured trumpets scream aloud
And the dense arrows drive.
Lady, by one light only
We look from Alfred's eyes,
We know he saw athwart the wreck
The sign that hangs about your neck,
Where One more than Melchizedek
Is dead and never dies.
Therefore I bring these rhymes to you
Who brought the cross to me,
Since on you flaming without flaw
I saw the sign that Guthrum saw
When he let break his ships of awe,
And laid peace on the sea.
Do you remember when we went
Under a dragon moon,
And `mid volcanic tints of night
Walked where they fought the unknown fight
And saw black trees on the battle-height,
Black thorn on Ethandune?
And I thought, "I will go with you,
As man with God has gone,
And wander with a wandering star,
The wandering heart of things that are,
The fiery cross of love and war
That like yourself, goes on."
O go you onward; where you are
Shall honour and laughter be,
Past purpled forest and pearled foam,
God's winged pavilion free to roam,
Your face, that is a wandering home,
A flying home for me.
Ride through the silent earthquake lands,
Wide as a waste is wide,
Across these days like deserts, when
Pride and a little scratching pen
Have dried and split the hearts of men,
Heart of the heroes, ride.
Up through an empty house of stars,
Being what heart you are,
Up the inhuman steeps of space
As on a staircase go in grace,
Carrying the firelight on your face
Beyond the loneliest star.
Take these; in memory of the hour
We strayed a space from home
And saw the smoke-hued hamlets, quaint
With Westland king and Westland saint,
And watched the western glory faint
Along the road to Frome.
BOOK I THE VISION OF THE KING
Before the gods that made the gods
Had seen their sunrise pass,
The White Horse of the White Horse Vale
Was cut out of the grass.
Before the gods that made the gods
Had drunk at dawn their fill,
The White Horse of the White Horse Vale
Was hoary on the hill.
Age beyond age on British land,
Aeons on aeons gone,
Was peace and war in western hills,
And the White Horse looked on.
For the White Horse knew England
When there was none to know;
He saw the first oar break or bend,
He saw heaven fall and the world end,
O God, how long ago.
For the end of the world was long ago,
And all we dwell to-day
As children of some second birth,
Like a strange people left on earth
After a judgment day.
For the end of the world was long ago,
When the ends of the world waxed free,
When Rome was sunk in a waste of slaves,
And the sun drowned in the sea.
When Caesar's sun fell out of the sky
And whoso hearkened right
Could only hear the plunging
Of the nations in the night.
When the ends of the earth came marching in
To torch and cresset gleam.
And the roads of the world that lead to Rome
Were filled with faces that moved like foam,
Like faces in a dream.
And men rode out of the eastern lands,
Broad river and burning plain;
Trees that are Titan flowers to see,
And tiger skies, striped horribly,
With tints of tropic rain.
Where Ind's enamelled peaks arise
Around that inmost one,
Where ancient eagles on its brink,
Vast as archangels, gather and drink
The sacrament of the sun.
And men brake out of the northern lands,
Enormous lands alone,
Where a spell is laid upon life and lust
And the rain is changed to a silver dust
And the sea to a great green stone.
And a Shape that moveth murkily
In mirrors of ice and night,
Hath blanched with fear all beasts and birds,
As death and a shock of evil words
Blast a man's hair with white.
And the cry of the palms and the purple moons,
Or the cry of the frost and foam,
Swept ever around an inmost place,
And the din of distant race on race
Cried and replied round Rome.
And there was death on the Emperor
And night upon the Pope:
And Alfred, hiding in deep grass,
Hardened his heart with hope.
A sea-folk blinder than the sea
Broke all about his land,
But Alfred up against them bare
And gripped the ground and grasped the air,
Staggered, and strove to stand.
He bent them back with spear and spade,
With desperate dyke and wall,
With foemen leaning on his shield
And roaring on him when he reeled;
And no help came at all.
He broke them with a broken sword
A little towards the sea,
And for one hour of panting peace,
Ringed with a roar that would not cease,
With golden crown and girded fleece
Made laws under a tree.
The Northmen came about our land
A Christless chivalry:
Who knew not of the arch or pen,
Great, beautiful half-witted men
From the sunrise and the sea.
Misshapen ships stood on the deep
Full of strange gold and fire,
And hairy men, as huge as sin
With horned heads, came wading in
Through the long, low sea-mire.
Our towns were shaken of tall kings
With scarlet beards like blood:
The world turned empty where they trod,
They took the kindly cross of God
And cut it up for wood.
Their souls were drifting as the sea,
And all good towns and lands
They only saw with heavy eyes,
And broke with heavy hands,
Their gods were sadder than the sea,
Gods of a wandering will,
Who cried for blood like beasts at night,
Sadly, from hill to hill.
They seemed as trees walking the earth,
As witless and as tall,
Yet they took hold upon the heavens
And no help came at all.
They bred like birds in English woods,
They rooted like the rose,
When Alfred came to Athelney
To hide him from their bows
There was not English armour left,
Nor any English thing,
When Alfred came to Athelney
To be an English king.
For earthquake swallowing earthquake
Uprent the Wessex tree;
The whirlpool of the pagan sway
Had swirled his sires as sticks away
When a flood smites the sea.
And the great kings of Wessex
Wearied and sank in gore,
And even their ghosts in that great stress
Grew greyer and greyer, less and less,
With the lords that died in Lyonesse
And the king that comes no more.
And the God of the Golden Dragon
Was dumb upon his throne,
And the lord of the Golden Dragon
Ran in the woods alone.
And if ever he climbed the crest of luck
And set the flag before,
Returning as a wheel returns,
Came ruin and the rain that burns,
And all began once more.
And naught was left King Alfred
But shameful tears of rage,
In the island in the river
In the end of all his age.
In the island in the river
He was broken to his knee:
And he read, writ with an iron pen,
That God had wearied of Wessex men
And given their country, field and fen,
To the devils of the sea.
And he saw in a little picture,
Tiny and far away,
His mother sitting in Egbert's hall,
And a book she showed him, very small,
Where a sapphire Mary sat in stall
With a golden Christ at play.
It was wrought in the monk's slow manner,
From silver and sanguine shell,
Where the scenes are little and terrible,
Keyholes of heaven and hell.
In the river island of Athelney,
With the river running past,
In colours of such simple creed
All things sprang at him, sun and weed,
Till the grass grew to be grass indeed
And the tree was a tree at last.
Fearfully plain the flowers grew,
Like the child's book to read,
Or like a friend's face seen in a glass;
He looked; and there Our Lady was,
She stood and stroked the tall live grass
As a man strokes his steed.
Her face was like an open word
When brave men speak and choose,
The very colours of her coat
Were better than good news.
She spoke not, nor turned not,
Nor any sign she cast,
Only she stood up straight and free,
Between the flowers in Athelney,
And the river running past.
One dim ancestral jewel hung
On his ruined armour grey,
He rent and cast it at her feet:
Where, after centuries, with slow feet,
Men came from hall and school and street
And found it where it lay.
"Mother of God," the wanderer said,
"I am but a common king,
Nor will I ask what saints may ask,
To see a secret thing.
"The gates of heaven are fearful gates
Worse than the gates of hell;
Not I would break the splendours barred
Or seek to know the thing they guard,
Which is too good to tell.
"But for this earth most pitiful,
This little land I know,
If that which is for ever is,
Or if our hearts shall break with bliss,
Seeing the stranger go?
"When our last bow is broken, Queen,
And our last javelin cast,
Under some sad, green evening sky,
Holding a ruined cross on high,
Under warm westland grass to lie,
Shall we come home at last?"
And a voice came human but high up,
Like a cottage climbed among
The clouds; or a serf of hut and croft
That sits by his hovel fire as oft,
But hears on his old bare roof aloft
A belfry burst in song.
"The gates of heaven are lightly locked,
We do not guard our gain,
The heaviest hind may easily
Come silently and suddenly
Upon me in a lane.
"And any little maid that walks
In good thoughts apart,
May break the guard of the Three Kings
And see the dear and dreadful things
I hid within my heart.
"The meanest man in grey fields gone
Behind the set of sun,
Heareth between star and other star,
Through the door of the darkness fallen ajar,
The council, eldest of things that are,
The talk of the Three in One.
"The gates of heaven are lightly locked,
We do not guard our gold,
Men may uproot where worlds begin,
Or read the name of the nameless sin;
But if he fail or if he win
To no good man is told.
"The men of the East may spell the stars,
And times and triumphs mark,
But the men signed of the cross of Christ
Go gaily in the dark.
"The men of the East may search the scrolls
For sure fates and fame,
But the men that drink the blood of God
Go singing to their shame.
"The wise men know what wicked things
Are written on the sky,
They trim sad lamps, they touch sad strings,
Hearing the heavy purple wings,
Where the forgotten seraph kings
Still plot how God shall die.
"The wise men know all evil things
Under the twisted trees,
Where the perverse in pleasure pine
And men are weary of green wine
And sick of crimson seas.
"But you and all the kind of Christ
Are ignorant and brave,
And you have wars you hardly win
And souls you hardly save.
"I tell you naught for your comfort,
Yea, naught for your desire,
Save that the sky grows darker yet
And the sea rises higher.
"Night shall be thrice night over you,
And heaven an iron cope.
Do you have joy without a cause,
Yea, faith without a hope?"
Even as she spoke she was not,
Nor any word said he,
He only heard, still as he stood
Under the old night's nodding hood,
The sea-folk breaking down the wood
Like a high tide from sea.
He only heard the heathen men,
Whose eyes are blue and bleak,
Singing about some cruel thing
Done by a great and smiling king
In daylight on a deck.
He only heard the heathen men,
Whose eyes are blue and blind,
Singing what shameful things are done
Between the sunlit sea and the sun
When the land is left behind.
BOOK II THE GATHERING OF THE CHIEFS
Up across windy wastes and up
Went Alfred over the shaws,
Shaken of the joy of giants,
The joy without a cause.
In the slopes away to the western bays,
Where blows not ever a tree,
He washed his soul in the west wind
And his body in the sea.
And he set to rhyme his ale-measures,
And he sang aloud his laws,
Because of the joy of the giants,
The joy without a cause.
The King went gathering Wessex men,
As grain out of the chaff
The few that were alive to die,
Laughing, as littered skulls that lie
After lost battles turn to the sky
An everlasting laugh.
The King went gathering Christian men,
As wheat out of the husk;
Eldred, the Franklin by the sea,
And Mark, the man from Italy,
And Colan of the Sacred Tree,
From the old tribe on Usk.
The rook croaked homeward heavily,
The west was clear and warm,
The smoke of evening food and ease
Rose like a blue tree in the trees
When he came to Eldred's farm.
But Eldred's farm was fallen awry,
Like an old cripple's bones,
And Eldred's tools were red with rust,
And on his well was a green crust,
And purple thistles upward thrust,
Between the kitchen stones.
But smoke of some good feasting
Went upwards evermore,
And Eldred's doors stood wide apart
For loitering foot or labouring cart,
And Eldred's great and foolish heart
Stood open like his door.
A mighty man was Eldred,
A bulk for casks to fill,
His face a dreaming furnace,
His body a walking hill.
In the old wars of Wessex
His sword had sunken deep,
But all his friends, he signed and said,
Were broken about Ethelred;
And between the deep drink and the dead
He had fallen upon sleep.
"Come not to me, King Alfred, Save always for the ale:
Why should my harmless hinds be slain
Because the chiefs cry once again,
As in all fights, that we shall gain,
And in all fights we fail?
"Your scalds still thunder and prophesy
That crown that never comes;
Friend, I will watch the certain things,
Swine, and slow moons like silver rings,
And the ripening of the plums."
And Alfred answered, drinking,
And gravely, without blame,
"Nor bear I boast of scald or king,
The thing I bear is a lesser thing,
But comes in a better name.
"Out of the mouth of the Mother of God,
More than the doors of doom,
I call the muster of Wessex men
From grassy hamlet or ditch or den,
To break and be broken, God knows when,
But I have seen for whom.
Out of the mouth of the Mother of God
Like a little word come I;
For I go gathering Christian men
From sunken paving and ford and fen,
To die in a battle, God knows when,
By God, but I know why.
"And this is the word of Mary,
The word of the world's desire
`No more of comfort shall ye get,
Save that the sky grows darker yet
And the sea rises higher.' "
Then silence sank. And slowly
Arose the sea-land lord,
Like some vast beast for mystery,
He filled the room and porch and sky,
And from a cobwebbed nail on high
Unhooked his heavy sword.
Up on the shrill sea-downs and up
Went Alfred all alone,
Turning but once e'er the door was shut,
Shouting to Eldred over his butt,
That he bring all spears to the woodman's hut
Hewn under Egbert's Stone.
And he turned his back and broke the fern,
And fought the moths of dusk,
And went on his way for other friends
Friends fallen of all the wide world's ends,
From Rome that wrath and pardon sends
And the grey tribes on Usk.
He saw gigantic tracks of death
And many a shape of doom,
Good steadings to grey ashes gone
And a monk's house white like a skeleton
In the green crypt of the combe.
And in many a Roman villa
Earth and her ivies eat,
Saw coloured pavements sink and fade
In flowers, and the windy colonnade
Like the spectre of a street.
But the cold stars clustered
Among the cold pines
Ere he was half on his pilgrimage
Over the western lines.
And the white dawn widened
Ere he came to the last pine,
Where Mark, the man from Italy,
Still made the Christian sign.
The long farm lay on the large hill-side,
Flat like a painted plan,
And by the side the low white house,
Where dwelt the southland man.
A bronzed man, with a bird's bright eye,
And a strong bird's beak and brow,
His skin was brown like buried gold,
And of certain of his sires was told
That they came in the shining ship of old,
With Caesar in the prow.
His fruit trees stood like soldiers
Drilled in a straight line,
His strange, stiff olives did not fail,
And all the kings of the earth drank ale,
But he drank wine.
Wide over wasted British plains
Stood never an arch or dome,
Only the trees to toss and reel,
The tribes to bicker, the beasts to squeal;
But the eyes in his head were strong like steel,
And his soul remembered Rome.
Then Alfred of the lonely spear
Lifted his lion head;
And fronted with the Italian's eye,
Asking him of his whence and why,
King Alfred stood and said:
"I am that oft-defeated King
Whose failure fills the land,
Who fled before the Danes of old,
Who chaffered with the Danes with gold,
Who now upon the Wessex wold
Hardly has feet to stand.
"But out of the mouth of the Mother of God
I have seen the truth like fire,
This--that the sky grows darker yet
And the sea rises higher."
Long looked the Roman on the land;
The trees as golden crowns
Blazed, drenched with dawn and dew-empearled
While faintlier coloured, freshlier curled,
The clouds from underneath the world
Stood up over the downs.
"These vines be ropes that drag me hard,"
He said. "I go not far;
Where would you meet? For you must hold
Half Wiltshire and the White Horse wold,
And the Thames bank to Owsenfold,
If Wessex goes to war.
"Guthrum sits strong on either bank
And you must press his lines
Inwards, and eastward drive him down;
I doubt if you shall take the crown
Till you have taken London town.
For me, I have the vines."
"If each man on the Judgment Day
Meet God on a plain alone,"
Said Alfred, "I will speak for you
As for myself, and call it true
That you brought all fighting folk you knew
Lined under Egbert's Stone.
"Though I be in the dust ere then,
I know where you will be."
And shouldering suddenly his spear
He faded like some elfin fear,
Where the tall pines ran up, tier on tier
Tree overtoppling tree.
He shouldered his spear at morning
And laughed to lay it on,
But he leaned on his spear as on a staff,
With might and little mood to laugh,
Or ever he sighted chick or calf
Of Colan of Caerleon.
For the man dwelt in a lost land
Of boulders and broken men,
In a great grey cave far off to the south
Where a thick green forest stopped the mouth,
Giving darkness in his den.
And the man was come like a shadow,
From the shadow of Druid trees,
Where Usk, with mighty murmurings,
Past Caerleon of the fallen kings,
Goes out to ghostly seas.
Last of a race in ruin--
He spoke the speech of the Gaels;
His kin were in holy Ireland,
Or up in the crags of Wales.
But his soul stood with his mother's folk,
That were of the rain-wrapped isle,
Where Patrick and Brandan westerly
Looked out at last on a landless sea
And the sun's last smile.
His harp was carved and cunning,
As the Celtic craftsman makes,
Graven all over with twisting shapes
Like many headless snakes.
His harp was carved and cunning,
His sword prompt and sharp,
And he was gay when he held the sword,
Sad when he held the harp.
For the great Gaels of Ireland
Are the men that God made mad,
For all their wars are merry,
And all their songs are sad.
He kept the Roman order,
He made the Christian sign;
But his eyes grew often blind and bright,
And the sea that rose in the rocks at night
Rose to his head like wine.
He made the sign of the cross of God,
He knew the Roman prayer,
But he had unreason in his heart
Because of the gods that were.
Even they that walked on the high cliffs,
High as the clouds were then,
Gods of unbearable beauty,
That broke the hearts of men.
And whether in seat or saddle,
Whether with frown or smile,
Whether at feast or fight was he,
He heard the noise of a nameless sea
On an undiscovered isle.
Lifting the great green ivy
And the great spear lowering,
One said, "I am Alfred of Wessex,
And I am a conquered king."
And the man of the cave made answer,
And his eyes were stars of scorn,
"And better kings were conquered
Or ever your sires were born.
"What goddess was your mother,
What fay your breed begot,
That you should not die with Uther
And Arthur and Lancelot?
"But when you win you brag and blow,
And when you lose you rail,
Army of eastland yokels
Not strong enough to fail."
"I bring not boast or railing,"
Spake Alfred not in ire,
"I bring of Our Lady a lesson set,
This--that the sky grows darker yet
And the sea rises higher."
Then Colan of the Sacred Tree
Tossed his black mane on high,
And cried, as rigidly he rose,
"And if the sea and sky be foes,
We will tame the sea and sky."
Smiled Alfred, "Seek ye a fable
More dizzy and more dread
Than all your mad barbarian tales
Where the sky stands on its head ?
"A tale where a man looks down on the sky
That has long looked down on him;
A tale where a man can swallow a sea
That might swallow the seraphim.
"Bring to the hut by Egbert's Stone
All bills and bows ye have."
And Alfred strode off rapidly,
And Colan of the Sacred Tree
Went slowly to his cave.
BOOK III THE HARP OF ALFRED
In a tree that yawned and twisted
The King's few goods were flung,
A mass-book mildewed, line by line,
And weapons and a skin of wine,
And an old harp unstrung.
By the yawning tree in the twilight
The King unbound his sword,
Severed the harp of all his goods,
And there in the cool and soundless woods
Sounded a single chord.
Then laughed; and watched the finches flash,
The sullen flies in swarm,
And went unarmed over the hills,
With the harp upon his arm,
Until he came to the White Horse Vale
And saw across the plains,
In the twilight high and far and fell,
Like the fiery terraces of hell,
The camp fires of the Danes--
The fires of the Great Army
That was made of iron men,
Whose lights of sacrilege and scorn
Ran around England red as morn,
Fires over Glastonbury Thorn--
Fires out on Ely Fen.
And as he went by White Horse Vale
He saw lie wan and wide
The old horse graven, God knows when,
By gods or beasts or what things then
Walked a new world instead of men
And scrawled on the hill-side.
And when he came to White Horse Down
The great White Horse was grey,
For it was ill scoured of the weed,
And lichen and thorn could crawl and feed,
Since the foes of settled house and creed
Had swept old works away.
King Alfred gazed all sorrowful
At thistle and mosses grey,
Then laughed; and watched the finches flash,
Till a rally of Danes with shield and bill
Rolled drunk over the dome of the hill,
And, hearing of his harp and skill,
They dragged him to their play.
And as they went through the high green grass
They roared like the great green sea;
But when they came to the red camp fire
They were silent suddenly.
And as they went up the wastes away
They went reeling to and fro;
But when they came to the red camp fire
They stood all in a row.
For golden in the firelight,
With a smile carved on his lips,
And a beard curled right cunningly,
Was Guthrum of the Northern Sea,
The emperor of the ships--
With three great earls King Guthrum
Went the rounds from fire to fire,
With Harold, nephew of the King,
And Ogier of the Stone and Sling,
And Elf, whose gold lute had a string
That sighed like all desire.
The Earls of the Great Army
That no men born could tire,
Whose flames anear him or aloof
Took hold of towers or walls of proof,
Fire over Glastonbury roof
And out on Ely, fire.
And Guthrum heard the soldiers' tale
And bade the stranger play;
Not harshly, but as one on high,
On a marble pillar in the sky,
Who sees all folk that live and die--
Pigmy and far away.
And Alfred, King of Wessex,
Looked on his conqueror--
And his hands hardened; but he played,
And leaving all later hates unsaid,
He sang of some old British raid
On the wild west march of yore.
He sang of war in the warm wet shires,
Where rain nor fruitage fails,
Where England of the motley states
Deepens like a garden to the gates
In the purple walls of Wales.
He sang of the seas of savage heads
And the seas and seas of spears,
Boiling all over Offa's Dyke,
What time a Wessex club could strike
The kings of the mountaineers.
Till Harold laughed and snatched the harp,
The kinsman of the King,
A big youth, beardless like a child,
Whom the new wine of war sent wild,
Smote, and began to sing--
And he cried of the ships as eagles
That circle fiercely and fly,
And sweep the seas and strike the towns
From Cyprus round to Skye.
How swiftly and with peril
They gather all good things,
The high horns of the forest beasts,
Or the secret stones of kings.
"For Rome was given to rule the world,
And gat of it little joy--
But we, but we shall enjoy the world,
The whole huge world a toy.
"Great wine like blood from Burgundy,
Cloaks like the clouds from Tyre,
And marble like solid moonlight,
And gold like frozen fire.
"Smells that a man might swill in a cup,
Stones that a man might eat,
And the great smooth women like ivory
That the Turks sell in the street."
He sang the song of the thief of the world,
And the gods that love the thief;
And he yelled aloud at the cloister-yards,
Where men go gathering grief.
"Well have you sung, O stranger,
Of death on the dyke in Wales,
Your chief was a bracelet-giver;
But the red unbroken river
Of a race runs not for ever,
But suddenly it fails.
"Doubtless your sires were sword-swingers
When they waded fresh from foam,
Before they were turned to women
By the god of the nails from Rome;
"But since you bent to the shaven men,
Who neither lust nor smite,
Thunder of Thor, we hunt you
A hare on the mountain height."
King Guthrum smiled a little,
And said, "It is enough,
Nephew, let Elf retune the string;
A boy must needs like bellowing,
But the old ears of a careful king
Are glad of songs less rough."
Blue-eyed was Elf the minstrel,
With womanish hair and ring,
Yet heavy was his hand on sword,
Though light upon the string.
And as he stirred the strings of the harp
To notes but four or five,
The heart of each man moved in him
Like a babe buried alive.
And they felt the land of the folk-songs
Spread southward of the Dane,
And they heard the good Rhine flowing
In the heart of all Allemagne.
They felt the land of the folk-songs,
Where the gifts hang on the tree,
Where the girls give ale at morning
And the tears come easily.
The mighty people, womanlike,
That have pleasure in their pain
As he sang of Balder beautiful,
Whom the heavens loved in vain.
As he sang of Balder beautiful,
Whom the heavens could not save,
Till the world was like a sea of tears
And every soul a wave.
"There is always a thing forgotten
When all the world goes well;
A thing forgotten, as long ago,
When the gods forgot the mistletoe,
And soundless as an arrow of snow
The arrow of anguish fell.
"The thing on the blind side of the heart,
On the wrong side of the door,
The green plant groweth, menacing
Almighty lovers in the spring;
There is always a forgotten thing,
And love is not secure."
And all that sat by the fire were sad,
Save Ogier, who was stern,
And his eyes hardened, even to stones,
As he took the harp in turn;
Earl Ogier of the Stone and Sling
Was odd to ear and sight,
Old he was, but his locks were red,
And jests were all the words he said
Yet he was sad at board and bed
And savage in the fight.
"You sing of the young gods easily
In the days when you are young;
But I go smelling yew and sods,
And I know there are gods behind the gods,
Gods that are best unsung.
"And a man grows ugly for women,
And a man grows dull with ale,
Well if he find in his soul at last
Fury, that does not fail.
"The wrath of the gods behind the gods
Who would rend all gods and men,
Well if the old man's heart hath still
Wheels sped of rage and roaring will,
Like cataracts to break down and kill,
Well for the old man then--
"While there is one tall shrine to shake,
Or one live man to rend;
For the wrath of the gods behind the gods
Who are weary to make an end.
"There lives one moment for a man
When the door at his shoulder shakes,
When the taut rope parts under the pull,
And the barest branch is beautiful
One moment, while it breaks.
"So rides my soul upon the sea
That drinks the howling ships,
Though in black jest it bows and nods
Under the moons with silver rods,
I know it is roaring at the gods,
Waiting the last eclipse.
"And in the last eclipse the sea
Shall stand up like a tower,
Above all moons made dark and riven,
Hold up its foaming head in heaven,
And laugh, knowing its hour.
"And the high ones in the happy town
Propped of the planets seven,
Shall know a new light in the mind,
A noise about them and behind,
Shall hear an awful voice, and find
Foam in the courts of heaven.
"And you that sit by the fire are young,
And true love waits for you;
But the king and I grow old, grow old,
And hate alone is true."
And Guthrum shook his head but smiled,
For he was a mighty clerk,
And had read lines in the Latin books
When all the north was dark.
He said, "I am older than you, Ogier;
Not all things would I rend,
For whether life be bad or good
It is best to abide the end."
He took the great harp wearily,
Even Guthrum of the Danes,
With wide eyes bright as the one long day
On the long polar plains.
For he sang of a wheel returning,
And the mire trod back to mire,
And how red hells and golden heavens
Are castles in the fire.
"It is good to sit where the good tales go,
To sit as our fathers sat;
But the hour shall come after his youth,
When a man shall know not tales but truth,
And his heart fail thereat.
"When he shall read what is written
So plain in clouds and clods,
When he shall hunger without hope
Even for evil gods.
"For this is a heavy matter,
And the truth is cold to tell;
Do we not know, have we not heard,
The soul is like a lost bird,
The body a broken shell.
"And a man hopes, being ignorant,
Till in white woods apart
He finds at last the lost bird dead:
And a man may still lift up his head
But never more his heart.
"There comes no noise but weeping
Out of the ancient sky,
And a tear is in the tiniest flower
Because the gods must die.
"The little brooks are very sweet,
Like a girl's ribbons curled,
But the great sea is bitter
That washes all the world.
"Strong are the Roman roses,
Or the free flowers of the heath,
But every flower, like a flower of the sea,
Smelleth with the salt of death.
"And the heart of the locked battle
Is the happiest place for men;
When shrieking souls as shafts go by
And many have died and all may die;
Though this word be a mystery,
Death is most distant then.
"Death blazes bright above the cup,
And clear above the crown;
But in that dream of battle
We seem to tread it down.
"Wherefore I am a great king,
And waste the world in vain,
Because man hath not other power,
Save that in dealing death for dower,
He may forget it for an hour
To remember it again."
And slowly his hands and thoughtfully
Fell from the lifted lyre,
And the owls moaned from the mighty trees
Till Alfred caught it to his knees
And smote it as in ire.
He heaved the head of the harp on high
And swept the framework barred,
And his stroke had all the rattle and spark
Of horses flying hard.
"When God put man in a garden
He girt him with a sword,
And sent him forth a free knight
That might betray his lord;
"He brake Him and betrayed Him,
And fast and far he fell,
Till you and I may stretch our necks
And burn our beards in hell.
"But though I lie on the floor of the world,
With the seven sins for rods,
I would rather fall with Adam
Than rise with all your gods.
"What have the strong gods given?
Where have the glad gods led?
When Guthrum sits on a hero's throne
And asks if he is dead?
"Sirs, I am but a nameless man,
A rhymester without home,
Yet since I come of the Wessex clay
And carry the cross of Rome,
"I will even answer the mighty earl
That asked of Wessex men
Why they be meek and monkish folk,
And bow to the White Lord's broken yoke;
What sign have we save blood and smoke?
Here is my answer then.
"That on you is fallen the shadow,
And not upon the Name;
That though we scatter and though we fly,
And you hang over us like the sky,
You are more tired of victory,
Than we are tired of shame.
"That though you hunt the Christian man
Like a hare on the hill-side,
The hare has still more heart to run
Than you have heart to ride.
"That though all lances split on you,
All swords be heaved in vain,
We have more lust again to lose
Than you to win again.
"Your lord sits high in the saddle,
A broken-hearted king,
But our king Alfred, lost from fame,
Fallen among foes or bonds of shame,
In I know not what mean trade or name,
Has still some song to sing;
"Our monks go robed in rain and snow,
But the heart of flame therein,
But you go clothed in feasts and flames,
When all is ice within;
"Nor shall all iron dooms make dumb
Men wondering ceaselessly,
If it be not better to fast for joy
Than feast for misery.
"Nor monkish order only
Slides down, as field to fen,
All things achieved and chosen pass,
As the White Horse fades in the grass,
No work of Christian men.
"Ere the sad gods that made your gods
Saw their sad sunrise pass,
The White Horse of the White Horse Vale,
That you have left to darken and fail,
Was cut out of the grass.
"Therefore your end is on you,
Is on you and your kings,
Not for a fire in Ely fen,
Not that your gods are nine or ten,
But because it is only Christian men
Guard even heathen things.
"For our God hath blessed creation,
Calling it good. I know
What spirit with whom you blindly band
Hath blessed destruction with his hand;
Yet by God's death the stars shall stand
And the small apples grow."
And the King, with harp on shoulder,
Stood up and ceased his song;
And the owls moaned from the mighty trees,
And the Danes laughed loud and long.
BOOK IV THE WOMAN IN THE FOREST
Thick thunder of the snorting swine,
Enormous in the gloam,
Rending among all roots that cling,
And the wild horses whinnying,
Were the night's noises when the King
Shouldering his harp, went home.
With eyes of owl and feet of fox,
Full of all thoughts he went;
He marked the tilt of the pagan camp,
The paling of pine, the sentries' tramp,
And the one great stolen altar-lamp
Over Guthrum in his tent.
By scrub and thorn in Ethandune
That night the foe had lain;
Whence ran across the heather grey
The old stones of a Roman way;
And in a wood not far away
The pale road split in twain.
He marked the wood and the cloven ways
With an old captain's eyes,
And he thought how many a time had he
Sought to see Doom he could not see;
How ruin had come and victory,
And both were a surprise.
Even so he had watched and wondered
Under Ashdown from the plains;
With Ethelred praying in his tent,
Till the white hawthorn swung and bent,
As Alfred rushed his spears and rent
The shield-wall of the Danes.
Even so he had watched and wondered,
Knowing neither less nor more,
Till all his lords lay dying,
And axes on axes plying,
Flung him, and drove him flying
Like a pirate to the shore.
Wise he had been before defeat,
And wise before success;
Wise in both hours and ignorant,
Knowing neither more nor less.
As he went down to the river-hut
He knew a night-shade scent,
Owls did as evil cherubs rise,
With little wings and lantern eyes,
As though he sank through the under-skies;
But down and down he went.
As he went down to the river-hut
He went as one that fell;
Seeing the high forest domes and spars.
Dim green or torn with golden scars,
As the proud look up at the evil stars,
In the red heavens of hell.
For he must meet by the river-hut
Them he had bidden to arm,
Mark from the towers of Italy,
And Colan of the Sacred Tree,
And Eldred who beside the sea
Held heavily his farm.
The roof leaned gaping to the grass,
As a monstrous mushroom lies;
Echoing and empty seemed the place;
But opened in a little space
A great grey woman with scarred face
And strong and humbled eyes.
King Alfred was but a meagre man,
Bright eyed, but lean and pale:
And swordless, with his harp and rags,
He seemed a beggar, such as lags
Looking for crusts and ale.
And the woman, with a woman's eyes
Of pity at once and ire,
Said, when that she had glared a span,
"There is a cake for any man
If he will watch the fire."
And Alfred, bowing heavily,
Sat down the fire to stir,
And even as the woman pitied him
So did he pity her.
Saying, "O great heart in the night,
O best cast forth for worst,
Twilight shall melt and morning stir,
And no kind thing shall come to her,
Till God shall turn the world over
And all the last are first.
"And well may God with the serving-folk
Cast in His dreadful lot;
Is not He too a servant,
And is not He forgot ?
"For was not God my gardener
And silent like a slave;
That opened oaks on the uplands
Or thicket in graveyard gave?
"And was not God my armourer,
All patient and unpaid,
That sealed my skull as a helmet,
And ribs for hauberk made?
"Did not a great grey servant
Of all my sires and me,
Build this pavilion of the pines,
And herd the fowls and fill the vines,
And labour and pass and leave no signs
Save mercy and mystery?
"For God is a great servant,
And rose before the day,
From some primordial slumber torn;
But all we living later born
Sleep on, and rise after the morn,
And the Lord has gone away.
"On things half sprung from sleeping,
All sleepy suns have shone,
They stretch stiff arms, the yawning trees,
The beasts blink upon hands and knees,
Man is awake and does and sees--
But Heaven has done and gone.
For who shall guess the good riddle
Or speak of the Holiest,
Save in faint figures and failing words,
Who loves, yet laughs among the swords,
Labours, and is at rest?
"But some see God like Guthrum,
Crowned, with a great beard curled,
But I see God like a good giant,
That, labouring, lifts the world.
"Wherefore was God in Golgotha,
Slain as a serf is slain;
And hate He had of prince and peer,
And love He had and made good cheer,
Of them that, like this woman here,
Go powerfully in pain.
"But in this grey morn of man's life,
Cometh sometime to the mind
A little light that leaps and flies,
Like a star blown on the wind.
"A star of nowhere, a nameless star,
A light that spins and swirls,
And cries that even in hedge and hill,
Even on earth, it may go ill
At last with the evil earls.
"A dancing sparkle, a doubtful star,
On the waste wind whirled and driven;
But it seems to sing of a wilder worth,
A time discrowned of doom and birth,
And the kingdom of the poor on earth
Come, as it is in heaven.
"But even though such days endure,
How shall it profit her?
Who shall go groaning to the grave,
With many a meek and mighty slave,
Field-breaker and fisher on the wave,
And woodman and waggoner.
"Bake ye the big world all again
A cake with kinder leaven;
Yet these are sorry evermore--
Unless there be a little door,
A little door in heaven."
And as he wept for the woman
He let her business be,
And like his royal oath and rash
The good food fell upon the ash
And blackened instantly.
Screaming, the woman caught a cake
Yet burning from the bar,
And struck him suddenly on the face,
Leaving a scarlet scar.
King Alfred stood up wordless,
A man dead with surprise,
And torture stood and the evil things
That are in the childish hearts of kings
An instant in his eyes.
And even as he stood and stared
Drew round him in the dusk
Those friends creeping from far-off farms,
Marcus with all his slaves in arms,
And the strange spears hung with ancient charms
Of Colan of the Usk.
With one whole farm marching afoot
The trampled road resounds,
Farm-hands and farm-beasts blundering by
And jars of mead and stores of rye,
Where Eldred strode above his high
And thunder-throated hounds.
And grey cattle and silver lowed
Against the unlifted morn,
And straw clung to the spear-shafts tall.
And a boy went before them all
Blowing a ram's horn.
As mocking such rude revelry,
The dim clan of the Gael
Came like a bad king's burial-end,
With dismal robes that drop and rend
And demon pipes that wail--
In long, outlandish garments,
Torn, though of antique worth,
With Druid beards and Druid spears,
As a resurrected race appears
Out of an elder earth.
And though the King had called them forth
And knew them for his own,
So still each eye stood like a gem,
So spectral hung each broidered hem,
Grey carven men he fancied them,
Hewn in an age of stone.
And the two wild peoples of the north
Stood fronting in the gloam,
And heard and knew each in its mind
The third great thunder on the wind,
The living walls that hedge mankind,
The walking walls of Rome.
Mark's were the mixed tribes of the west,
Of many a hue and strain,
Gurth, with rank hair like yellow grass,
And the Cornish fisher, Gorlias,
And Halmer, come from his first mass,
Lately baptized, a Dane.
But like one man in armour
Those hundreds trod the field,
From red Arabia to the Tyne
The earth had heard that marching-line,
Since the cry on the hill Capitoline,
And the fall of the golden shield.
And the earth shook and the King stood still
Under the greenwood bough,
And the smoking cake lay at his feet
And the blow was on his brow.
Then Alfred laughed out suddenly,
Like thunder in the spring,
Till shook aloud the lintel-beams,
And the squirrels stirred in dusty dreams,
And the startled birds went up in streams,
For the laughter of the King.
And the beasts of the earth and the birds looked down,
In a wild solemnity,
On a stranger sight than a sylph or elf,
On one man laughing at himself
Under the greenwood tree--
The giant laughter of Christian men
That roars through a thousand tales,
Where greed is an ape and pride is an ass,
And Jack's away with his master's lass,
And the miser is banged with all his brass,
The farmer with all his flails;
Tales that tumble and tales that trick,
Yet end not all in scorning--
Of kings and clowns in a merry plight,
And the clock gone wrong and the world gone right,
That the mummers sing upon Christmas night
And Christmas Day in the morning.
"Now here is a good warrant,"
Cried Alfred, "by my sword;
For he that is struck for an ill servant
Should be a kind lord.
"He that has been a servant
Knows more than priests and kings,
But he that has been an ill servant,
He knows all earthly things.
"Pride flings frail palaces at the sky,
As a man flings up sand,
But the firm feet of humility
Take hold of heavy land.
"Pride juggles with her toppling towers,
They strike the sun and cease,
But the firm feet of humility
They grip the ground like trees.
"He that hath failed in a little thing
Hath a sign upon the brow;
And the Earls of the Great Army
Have no such seal to show.
"The red print on my forehead,
Small flame for a red star,
In the van of the violent marching, then
When the sky is torn of the trumpets ten,
And the hands of the happy howling men
Fling wide the gates of war.
"This blow that I return not
Ten times will I return
On kings and earls of all degree,
And armies wide as empires be
Shall slide like landslips to the sea
If the red star burn.
"One man shall drive a hundred,
As the dead kings drave;
Before me rocking hosts be riven,
And battering cohorts backwards driven,
For I am the first king known of Heaven
That has been struck like a slave.
"Up on the old white road, brothers,
Up on the Roman walls!
For this is the night of the drawing of swords,
And the tainted tower of the heathen hordes
Leans to our hammers, fires and cords,
Leans a little and falls.
"Follow the star that lives and leaps,
Follow the sword that sings,
For we go gathering heathen men,
A terrible harvest, ten by ten,
As the wrath of the last red autumn--then
When Christ reaps down the kings.
"Follow a light that leaps and spins,
Follow the fire unfurled!
For riseth up against realm and rod,
A thing forgotten, a thing downtrod,
The last lost giant, even God,
Is risen against the world."
Roaring they went o'er the Roman wall,
And roaring up the lane,
Their torches tossed a ladder of fire,
Higher their hymn was heard and higher,
More sweet for hate and for heart's desire,
And up in the northern scrub and brier,
They fell upon the Dane.
BOOK V ETHANDUNE: THE FIRST STROKE
King Guthrum was a dread king,
Like death out of the north;
Shrines without name or number
He rent and rolled as lumber,
From Chester to the Humber
He drove his foemen forth.
The Roman villas heard him
In the valley of the Thames,
Come over the hills roaring
Above their roofs, and pouring
On spire and stair and flooring
Brimstone and pitch and flames.
Sheer o'er the great chalk uplands
And the hill of the Horse went he,
Till high on Hampshire beacons
He saw the southern sea.
High on the heights of Wessex
He saw the southern brine,
And turned him to a conquered land,
And where the northern thornwoods stand,
And the road parts on either hand,
There came to him a sign.
King Guthrum was a war-chief,
A wise man in the field,
And though he prospered well, and knew
How Alfred's folk were sad and few,
Not less with weighty care he drew
Long lines for pike and shield.
King Guthrum lay on the upper land,
On a single road at gaze,
And his foe must come with lean array,
Up the left arm of the cloven way,
To the meeting of the ways.
And long ere the noise of armour,
An hour ere the break of light,
The woods awoke with crash and cry,
And the birds sprang clamouring harsh and high,
And the rabbits ran like an elves' army
Ere Alfred came in sight.
The live wood came at Guthrum,
On foot and claw and wing,
The nests were noisy overhead,
For Alfred and the star of red,
All life went forth, and the forest fled
Before the face of the King.
But halted in the woodways
Christ's few were grim and grey,
And each with a small, far, bird-like sight
Saw the high folly of the fight;
And though strange joys had grown in the night,
Despair grew with the day.
And when white dawn crawled through the wood,
Like cold foam of a flood,
Then weakened every warrior's mood,
In hope, though not in hardihood;
And each man sorrowed as he stood
In the fashion of his blood.
For the Saxon Franklin sorrowed
For the things that had been fair;
For the dear dead woman, crimson-clad,
And the great feasts and the friends he had;
But the Celtic prince's soul was sad
For the things that never were.
In the eyes Italian all things
But a black laughter died;
And Alfred flung his shield to earth
And smote his breast and cried--
"I wronged a man to his slaying,
And a woman to her shame,
And once I looked on a sworn maid
That was wed to the Holy Name.
"And once I took my neighbour's wife,
That was bound to an eastland man,
In the starkness of my evil youth,
Before my griefs began.
"People, if you have any prayers,
Say prayers for me:
And lay me under a Christian stone
In that lost land I thought my own,
To wait till the holy horn is blown,
And all poor men are free."
Then Eldred of the idle farm
Leaned on his ancient sword,
As fell his heavy words and few;
And his eyes were of such alien blue
As gleams where the Northman saileth new
Into an unknown fiord.
"I was a fool and wasted ale--
My slaves found it sweet;
I was a fool and wasted bread,
And the birds had bread to eat.
"The kings go up and the kings go down,
And who knows who shall rule;
Next night a king may starve or sleep,
But men and birds and beasts shall weep
At the burial of a fool.
"O, drunkards in my cellar,
Boys in my apple tree,
The world grows stern and strange and new,
And wise men shall govern you,
And you shall weep for me.
"But yoke me my own oxen,
Down to my own farm;
My own dog will whine for me,
My own friends will bend the knee,
And the foes I slew openly
Have never wished me harm."
And all were moved a little,
But Colan stood apart,
Having first pity, and after
Hearing, like rat in rafter,
That little worm of laughter
That eats the Irish heart.
And his grey-green eyes were cruel,
And the smile of his mouth waxed hard,
And he said, "And when did Britain
Become your burying-yard?
"Before the Romans lit the land,
When schools and monks were none,
We reared such stones to the sun-god
As might put out the sun.
"The tall trees of Britain
We worshipped and were wise,
But you shall raid the whole land through
And never a tree shall talk to you,
Though every leaf is a tongue taught true
And the forest is full of eyes.
"On one round hill to the seaward
The trees grow tall and grey
And the trees talk together
When all men are away.
"O'er a few round hills forgotten
The trees grow tall in rings,
And the trees talk together
Of many pagan things.
"Yet I could lie and listen
With a cross upon my clay,
And hear unhurt for ever
What the trees of Britain say."
A proud man was the Roman,
His speech a single one,
But his eyes were like an eagle's eyes
That is staring at the sun.
"Dig for me where I die," he said,
"If first or last I fall--
Dead on the fell at the first charge,
Or dead by Wantage wall;
"Lift not my head from bloody ground,
Bear not my body home,
For all the earth is Roman earth
And I shall die in Rome."
Then Alfred, King of England,
Bade blow the horns of war,
And fling the Golden Dragon out,
With crackle and acclaim and shout,
Scrolled and aflame and far.
And under the Golden Dragon
Went Wessex all along,
Past the sharp point of the cloven ways,
Out from the black wood into the blaze
Of sun and steel and song.
And when they came to the open land
They wheeled, deployed and stood;
Midmost were Marcus and the King,
And Eldred on the right-hand wing,
And leftwards Colan darkling,
In the last shade of the wood.
But the Earls of the Great Army
Lay like a long half moon,
Ten poles before their palisades,
With wide-winged helms and runic blades
Red giants of an age of raids,
In the thornland of Ethandune.
Midmost the saddles rose and swayed,
And a stir of horses' manes,
Where Guthrum and a few rode high
On horses seized in victory;
But Ogier went on foot to die,
In the old way of the Danes.
Far to the King's left Elf the bard
Led on the eastern wing
With songs and spells that change the blood;
And on the King's right Harold stood,
The kinsman of the King.
Young Harold, coarse, with colours gay,
Smoking with oil and musk,
And the pleasant violence of the young,
Pushed through his people, giving tongue
Foewards, where, grey as cobwebs hung,
The banners of the Usk.
But as he came before his line
A little space along,
His beardless face broke into mirth,
And he cried: "What broken bits of earth
Are here? For what their clothes are worth
I would sell them for a song."
For Colan was hung with raiment
Tattered like autumn leaves,
And his men were all as thin as saints,
And all as poor as thieves.
No bows nor slings nor bolts they bore,
But bills and pikes ill-made;
And none but Colan bore a sword,
And rusty was its blade.
And Colan's eyes with mystery
And iron laughter stirred,
And he spoke aloud, but lightly
Not labouring to be heard.
"Oh, truly we be broken hearts,
For that cause, it is said,
We light our candles to that Lord
That broke Himself for bread.
"But though we hold but bitterly
What land the Saxon leaves,
Though Ireland be but a land of saints,
And Wales a land of thieves,
"I say you yet shall weary
Of the working of your word,
That stricken spirits never strike
Nor lean hands hold a sword.
"And if ever ye ride in Ireland,
The jest may yet be said,
There is the land of broken hearts,
And the land of broken heads."
Not less barbarian laughter
Choked Harold like a flood,
"And shall I fight with scarecrows
That am of Guthrum's blood?
"Meeting may be of war-men,
Where the best war-man wins;
But all this carrion a man shoots
Before the fight begins."
And stopping in his onward strides,
He snatched a bow in scorn
From some mean slave, and bent it on
Colan, whose doom grew dark; and shone
Stars evil over Caerleon,
In the place where he was born.
For Colan had not bow nor sling,
On a lonely sword leaned he,
Like Arthur on Excalibur
In the battle by the sea.
To his great gold ear-ring Harold
Tugged back the feathered tail,
And swift had sprung the arrow,
But swifter sprang the Gael.
Whirling the one sword round his head,
A great wheel in the sun,
He sent it splendid through the sky,
Flying before the shaft could fly--
It smote Earl Harold over the eye,
And blood began to run.
Colan stood bare and weaponless,
Earl Harold, as in pain,
Strove for a smile, put hand to head,
Stumbled and suddenly fell dead;
And the small white daisies all waxed red
With blood out of his brain.
And all at that marvel of the sword,
Cast like a stone to slay,
Cried out. Said Alfred: "Who would see
Signs, must give all things. Verily
Man shall not taste of victory
Till he throws his sword away."
Then Alfred, prince of England,
And all the Christian earls,
Unhooked their swords and held them up,
Each offered to Colan, like a cup
Of chrysolite and pearls.
And the King said, "Do thou take my sword
Who have done this deed of fire,
For this is the manner of Christian men,
Whether of steel or priestly pen,
That they cast their hearts out of their ken
To get their heart's desire.
"And whether ye swear a hive of monks,
Or one fair wife to friend,
This is the manner of Christian men,
That their oath endures the end.
"For love, our Lord, at the end of the world,
Sits a red horse like a throne,
With a brazen helm and an iron bow,
But one arrow alone.
"Love with the shield of the Broken Heart
Ever his bow doth bend,
With a single shaft for a single prize,
And the ultimate bolt that parts and flies
Comes with a thunder of split skies,
And a sound of souls that rend.
"So shall you earn a king's sword,
Who cast your sword away."
And the King took, with a random eye,
A rude axe from a hind hard by
And turned him to the fray.
For the swords of the Earls of Daneland
Flamed round the fallen lord.
The first blood woke the trumpet-tune,
As in monk's rhyme or wizard's rune,
Beginneth the battle of Ethandune
With the throwing of the sword.
BOOK VI ETHANDUNE: THE SLAYING OF THE CHIEFS
As the sea flooding the flat sands
Flew on the sea-born horde,
The two hosts shocked with dust and din,
Left of the Latian paladin,
Clanged all Prince Harold's howling kin
On Colan and the sword.
Crashed in the midst on Marcus,
Ogier with Guthrum by,
And eastward of such central stir,
Far to the right and faintlier,
The house of Elf the harp-player,
Struck Eldred's with a cry.
The centre swat for weariness,
Stemming the screaming horde,
And wearily went Colan's hands
That swung King Alfred's sword.
But like a cloud of morning
To eastward easily,
Tall Eldred broke the sea of spears
As a tall ship breaks the sea.
His face like a sanguine sunset,
His shoulder a Wessex down,
His hand like a windy hammer-stroke;
Men could not count the crests he broke,
So fast the crests went down.
As the tall white devil of the Plague
Moves out of Asian skies,
With his foot on a waste of cities
And his head in a cloud of flies;
Or purple and peacock skies grow dark
With a moving locust-tower;
Or tawny sand-winds tall and dry,
Like hell's red banners beat and fly,
When death comes out of Araby,
Was Eldred in his hour.
But while he moved like a massacre
He murmured as in sleep,
And his words were all of low hedges
And little fields and sheep.
Even as he strode like a pestilence,
That strides from Rhine to Rome,
He thought how tall his beans might be
If ever he went home.
Spoke some stiff piece of childish prayer,
Dull as the distant chimes,
That thanked our God for good eating
And corn and quiet times--
Till on the helm of a high chief
Fell shatteringly his brand,
And the helm broke and the bone broke
And the sword broke in his hand.
Then from the yelling Northmen
Driven splintering on him ran
Full seven spears, and the seventh
Was never made by man.
Seven spears, and the seventh
Was wrought as the faerie blades,
And given to Elf the minstrel
By the monstrous water-maids;
By them that dwell where luridly
Lost waters of the Rhine
Move among roots of nations,
Being sunken for a sign.
Under all graves they murmur,
They murmur and rebel,
Down to the buried kingdoms creep,
And like a lost rain roar and weep
O'er the red heavens of hell.
Thrice drowned was Elf the minstrel,
And washed as dead on sand;
And the third time men found him
The spear was in his hand.
Seven spears went about Eldred,
Like stays about a mast;
But there was sorrow by the sea
For the driving of the last.
Six spears thrust upon Eldred
Were splintered while he laughed;
One spear thrust into Eldred,
Three feet of blade and shaft.
And from the great heart grievously
Came forth the shaft and blade,
And he stood with the face of a dead man,
Stood a little, and swayed--
Then fell, as falls a battle-tower,
On smashed and struggling spears.
Cast down from some unconquered town
That, rushing earthward, carries down
Loads of live men of all renown--
Archers and engineers.
And a great clamour of Christian men
Went up in agony,
Crying, "Fallen is the tower of Wessex
That stood beside the sea."
Centre and right the Wessex guard
Grew pale for doubt and fear,
And the flank failed at the advance,
For the death-light on the wizard lance--
The star of the evil spear.
"Stand like an oak," cried Marcus,
"Stand like a Roman wall!
Eldred the Good is fallen--
Are you too good to fall?
"When we were wan and bloodless
He gave you ale enow;
The pirates deal with him as dung,
God! are you bloodless now?"
"Grip, Wulf and Gorlias, grip the ash!
Slaves, and I make you free!
Stamp, Hildred hard in English land,
Stand Gurth, stand Gorlias, Gawen stand!
Hold, Halfgar, with the other hand,
Halmer, hold up on knee!
"The lamps are dying in your homes,
The fruits upon your bough;
Even now your old thatch smoulders, Gurth,
Now is the judgment of the earth,
Now is the death-grip, now!"
For thunder of the captain,
Not less the Wessex line,
Leaned back and reeled a space to rear
As Elf charged with the Rhine maids' spear,
And roaring like the Rhine.
For the men were borne by the waving walls
Of woods and clouds that pass,
By dizzy plains and drifting sea,
And they mixed God with glamoury,
God with the gods of the burning tree
And the wizard's tower and glass.
But Mark was come of the glittering towns
Where hot white details show,
Where men can number and expound,
And his faith grew in a hard ground
Of doubt and reason and falsehood found,
Where no faith else could grow.
Belief that grew of all beliefs
One moment back was blown
And belief that stood on unbelief
Stood up iron and alone.
The Wessex crescent backwards
Crushed, as with bloody spear
Went Elf roaring and routing,
And Mark against Elf yet shouting,
Shocked, in his mid-career.
Right on the Roman shield and sword
Did spear of the Rhine maids run;
But the shield shifted never,
The sword rang down to sever,
The great Rhine sang for ever,
And the songs of Elf were done.
And a great thunder of Christian men
Went up against the sky,
Saying, "God hath broken the evil spear
Ere the good man's blood was dry."
"Spears at the charge!" yelled Mark amain.
"Death on the gods of death!
Over the thrones of doom and blood
Goeth God that is a craftsman good,
And gold and iron, earth and wood,
Loveth and laboureth.
"The fruits leap up in all your farms,
The lamps in each abode;
God of all good things done on earth,
All wheels or webs of any worth,
The God that makes the roof, Gurth,
The God that makes the road.
"The God that heweth kings in oak
Writeth songs on vellum,
God of gold and flaming glass,
Confregit potentias
Acrcuum, scutum, Gorlias,
Gladium et bellum."
Steel and lightning broke about him,
Battle-bays and palm,
All the sea-kings swayed among
Woods of the Wessex arms upflung,
The trumpet of the Roman tongue,
The thunder of the psalm.
And midmost of that rolling field
Ran Ogier ragingly,
Lashing at Mark, who turned his blow,
And brake the helm about his brow,
And broke him to his knee.
Then Ogier heaved over his head
His huge round shield of proof;
But Mark set one foot on the shield,
One on some sundered rock upheeled,
And towered above the tossing field,
A statue on a roof.
Dealing far blows about the fight,
Like thunder-bolts a-roam,
Like birds about the battle-field,
While Ogier writhed under his shield
Like a tortoise in his dome.
But hate in the buried Ogier
Was strong as pain in hell,
With bare brute hand from the inside
He burst the shield of brass and hide,
And a death-stroke to the Roman's side
Sent suddenly and well.
Then the great statue on the shield
Looked his last look around
With level and imperial eye;
And Mark, the man from Italy,
Fell in the sea of agony,
And died without a sound.
And Ogier, leaping up alive,
Hurled his huge shield away
Flying, as when a juggler flings
A whizzing plate in play.
And held two arms up rigidly,
And roared to all the Danes:
"Fallen is Rome, yea, fallen
The city of the plains!
"Shall no man born remember,
That breaketh wood or weald,
How long she stood on the roof of the world
As he stood on my shield.
"The new wild world forgetteth her
As foam fades on the sea,
How long she stood with her foot on Man
As he with his foot on me.
"No more shall the brown men of the south
Move like the ants in lines,
To quiet men with olives
Or madden men with vines.
"No more shall the white towns of the south,
Where Tiber and Nilus run,
Sitting around a secret sea
Worship a secret sun.
"The blind gods roar for Rome fallen,
And forum and garland gone,
For the ice of the north is broken,
And the sea of the north comes on.
"The blind gods roar and rave and dream
Of all cities under the sea,
For the heart of the north is broken,
And the blood of the north is free.
"Down from the dome of the world we come,
Rivers on rivers down,
Under us swirl the sects and hordes
And the high dooms we drown.
"Down from the dome of the world and down,
Struck flying as a skiff
On a river in spate is spun and swirled
Until we come to the end of the world
That breaks short, like a cliff.
"And when we come to the end of the world
For me, I count it fit
To take the leap like a good river,
Shot shrieking over it.
"But whatso hap at the end of the world,
Where Nothing is struck and sounds,
It is not, by Thor, these monkish men
These humbled Wessex hounds--
"Not this pale line of Christian hinds,
This one white string of men,
Shall keep us back from the end of the world,
And the things that happen then.
"It is not Alfred's dwarfish sword,
Nor Egbert's pigmy crown,
Shall stay us now that descend in thunder,
Rending the realms and the realms thereunder,
Down through the world and down."
There was that in the wild men back of him,
There was that in his own wild song,
A dizzy throbbing, a drunkard smoke,
That dazed to death all Wessex folk,
And swept their spears along.
Vainly the sword of Colan
And the axe of Alfred plied--
The Danes poured in like a brainless plague,
And knew not when they died.
Prince Colan slew a score of them,
And was stricken to his knee;
King Alfred slew a score and seven
And was borne back on a tree.
Back to the black gate of the woods,
Back up the single way,
Back by the place of the parting ways
Christ's knights were whirled away.
And when they came to the parting ways
Doom's heaviest hammer fell,
For the King was beaten, blind, at bay,
Down the right lane with his array,
But Colan swept the other way,
Where he smote great strokes and fell.
The thorn-woods over Ethandune
Stand sharp and thick as spears,
By night and furze and forest-harms
Far sundered were the friends in arms;
The loud lost blows, the last alarms,
Came not to Alfred's ears.
The thorn-woods over Ethandune
Stand stiff as spikes in mail;
As to the Haut King came at morn
Dead Roland on a doubtful horn,
Seemed unto Alfred lightly borne
The last cry of the Gael.
BOOK VIII ETHANDUNE: THE LAST CHARGE
Away in the waste of White Horse Down
An idle child alone
Played some small game through hours that pass,
And patiently would pluck the grass,
Patiently push the stone.
On the lean, green edge for ever,
Where the blank chalk touched the turf,
The child played on, alone, divine,
As a child plays on the last line
That sunders sand and surf.
For he dwelleth in high divisions
Too simple to understand,
Seeing on what morn of mystery
The Uncreated rent the sea
With roarings, from the land.
Through the long infant hours like days
He built one tower in vain--
Piled up small stones to make a town,
And evermore the stones fell down,
And he piled them up again.
And crimson kings on battle-towers,
And saints on Gothic spires,
And hermits on their peaks of snow,
And heroes on their pyres,
And patriots riding royally,
That rush the rocking town,
Stretch hands, and hunger and aspire,
Seeking to mount where high and higher,
The child whom Time can never tire,
Sings over White Horse Down.
And this was the might of Alfred,
At the ending of the way;
That of such smiters, wise or wild,
He was least distant from the child,
Piling the stones all day.
For Eldred fought like a frank hunter
That killeth and goeth home;
And Mark had fought because all arms
Rang like the name of Rome.
And Colan fought with a double mind,
Moody and madly gay;
But Alfred fought as gravely
As a good child at play.
He saw wheels break and work run back
And all things as they were;
And his heart was orbed like victory
And simple like despair.
Therefore is Mark forgotten,
That was wise with his tongue and brave;
And the cairn over Colan crumbled,
And the cross on Eldred's grave.
Their great souls went on a wind away,
And they have not tale or tomb;
And Alfred born in Wantage
Rules England till the doom.
Because in the forest of all fears
Like a strange fresh gust from sea,
Struck him that ancient innocence
That is more than mastery.
And as a child whose bricks fall down
Re-piles them o'er and o'er,
Came ruin and the rain that burns,
Returning as a wheel returns,
And crouching in the furze and ferns
He began his life once more.
He took his ivory horn unslung
And smiled, but not in scorn:
"Endeth the Battle of Ethandune
With the blowing of a horn."
On a dark horse at the double way
He saw great Guthrum ride,
Heard roar of brass and ring of steel,
The laughter and the trumpet peal,
The pagan in his pride.
And Ogier's red and hated head
Moved in some talk or task;
But the men seemed scattered in the brier,
And some of them had lit a fire,
And one had broached a cask.
And waggons one or two stood up,
Like tall ships in sight,
As if an outpost were encamped
At the cloven ways for night.
And joyous of the sudden stay
Of Alfred's routed few,
Sat one upon a stone to sigh,
And some slipped up the road to fly,
Till Alfred in the fern hard by
Set horn to mouth and blew.
And they all abode like statues--
One sitting on the stone,
One half-way through the thorn hedge tall,
One with a leg across a wall,
And one looked backwards, very small,
Far up the road, alone.
Grey twilight and a yellow star
Hung over thorn and hill;
Two spears and a cloven war-shield lay
Loose on the road as cast away,
The horn died faint in the forest grey,
And the fleeing men stood still.
"Brothers at arms," said Alfred,
"On this side lies the foe;
Are slavery and starvation flowers,
That you should pluck them so?
"For whether is it better
To be prodded with Danish poles,
Having hewn a chamber in a ditch,
And hounded like a howling witch,
Or smoked to death in holes?
"Or that before the red cock crow
All we, a thousand strong,
Go down the dark road to God's house,
Singing a Wessex song?
"To sweat a slave to a race of slaves,
To drink up infamy?
No, brothers, by your leave, I think
Death is a better ale to drink,
And by all the stars of Christ that sink,
The Danes shall drink with me.
"To grow old cowed in a conquered land,
With the sun itself discrowned,
To see trees crouch and cattle slink--
Death is a better ale to drink,
And by high Death on the fell brink
That flagon shall go round.
"Though dead are all the paladins
Whom glory had in ken,
Though all your thunder-sworded thanes
With proud hearts died among the Danes,
While a man remains, great war remains:
Now is a war of men.
"The men that tear the furrows,
The men that fell the trees,
When all their lords be lost and dead
The bondsmen of the earth shall tread
The tyrants of the seas.
"The wheel of the roaring stillness
Of all labours under the sun,
Speed the wild work as well at least
As the whole world's work is done.
"Let Hildred hack the shield-wall
Clean as he hacks the hedge;
Let Gurth the fowler stand as cool
As he stands on the chasm's edge;
"Let Gorlias ride the sea-kings
As Gorlias rides the sea,
Then let all hell and Denmark drive,
Yelling to all its fiends alive,
And not a rag care we."
When Alfred's word was ended
Stood firm that feeble line,
Each in his place with club or spear,
And fury deeper than deep fear,
And smiles as sour as brine.
And the King held up the horn and said,
"See ye my father's horn,
That Egbert blew in his empery,
Once, when he rode out commonly,
Twice when he rode for venery,
And thrice on the battle-morn.
"But heavier fates have fallen
The horn of the Wessex kings,
And I blew once, the riding sign,
To call you to the fighting line
And glory and all good things.
"And now two blasts, the hunting sign,
Because we turn to bay;
But I will not blow the three blasts,
Till we be lost or they.
"And now I blow the hunting sign,
Charge some by rule and rod;
But when I blow the battle sign,
Charge all and go to God."
Wild stared the Danes at the double ways
Where they loitered, all at large,
As that dark line for the last time
Doubled the knee to charge--
And caught their weapons clumsily,
And marvelled how and why--
In such degree, by rule and rod,
The people of the peace of God
Went roaring down to die.
And when the last arrow
Was fitted and was flown,
When the broken shield hung on the breast,
And the hopeless lance was laid in rest,
And the hopeless horn blown,
The King looked up, and what he saw
Was a great light like death,
For Our Lady stood on the standards rent,
As lonely and as innocent
As when between white walls she went
And the lilies of Nazareth.
One instant in a still light
He saw Our Lady then,
Her dress was soft as western sky,
And she was a queen most womanly--
But she was a queen of men.
Over the iron forest
He saw Our Lady stand,
Her eyes were sad withouten art,
And seven swords were in her heart--
But one was in her hand.
Then the last charge went blindly,
And all too lost for fear:
The Danes closed round, a roaring ring,
And twenty clubs rose o'er the King,
Four Danes hewed at him, halloing,
And Ogier of the Stone and Sling
Drove at him with a spear.
But the Danes were wild with laughter,
And the great spear swung wide,
The point stuck to a straggling tree,
And either host cried suddenly,
As Alfred leapt aside.
Short time had shaggy Ogier
To pull his lance in line--
He knew King Alfred's axe on high,
He heard it rushing through the sky,
He cowered beneath it with a cry--
It split him to the spine:
And Alfred sprang over him dead,
And blew the battle sign.
Then bursting all and blasting
Came Christendom like death,
Kicked of such catapults of will,
The staves shiver, the barrels spill,
The waggons waver and crash and kill
The waggoners beneath.
Barriers go backwards, banners rend,
Great shields groan like a gong--
Horses like horns of nightmare
Neigh horribly and long.
Horses ramp high and rock and boil
And break their golden reins,
And slide on carnage clamorously,
Down where the bitter blood doth lie,
Where Ogier went on foot to die,
In the old way of the Danes.
"The high tide!" King Alfred cried.
"The high tide and the turn!
As a tide turns on the tall grey seas,
See how they waver in the trees,
How stray their spears, how knock their knees,
How wild their watchfires burn!
"The Mother of God goes over them,
Walking on wind and flame,
And the storm-cloud drifts from city and dale,
And the White Horse stamps in the White Horse Vale,
And we all shall yet drink Christian ale
In the village of our name.
"The Mother of God goes over them,
On dreadful cherubs borne;
And the psalm is roaring above the rune,
And the Cross goes over the sun and moon,
Endeth the battle of Ethandune
With the blowing of a horn."
For back indeed disorderly
The Danes went clamouring,
Too worn to take anew the tale,
Or dazed with insolence and ale,
Or stunned of heaven, or stricken pale
Before the face of the King.
For dire was Alfred in his hour
The pale scribe witnesseth,
More mighty in defeat was he
Than all men else in victory,
And behind, his men came murderously,
Dry-throated, drinking death.
And Edgar of the Golden Ship
He slew with his own hand,
Took Ludwig from his lady's bower,
And smote down Harmar in his hour,
And vain and lonely stood the tower--
The tower in Guelderland.
And Torr out of his tiny boat,
Whose eyes beheld the Nile,
Wulf with his war-cry on his lips,
And Harco born in the eclipse,
Who blocked the Seine with battleships
Round Paris on the Isle.
And Hacon of the Harvest-Song,
And Dirck from the Elbe he slew,
And Cnut that melted Durham bell
And Fulk and fiery Oscar fell,
And Goderic and Sigael,
And Uriel of the Yew.
And highest sang the slaughter,
And fastest fell the slain,
When from the wood-road's blackening throat
A crowning and crashing wonder smote
The rear-guard of the Dane.
For the dregs of Colan's company--
Lost down the other road--
Had gathered and grown and heard the din,
And with wild yells came pouring in,
Naked as their old British kin,
And bright with blood for woad.
And bare and bloody and aloft
They bore before their band
The body of the mighty lord,
Colan of Caerleon and its horde,
That bore King Alfred's battle-sword
Broken in his left hand.
And a strange music went with him,
Loud and yet strangely far;
The wild pipes of the western land,
Too keen for the ear to understand,
Sang high and deathly on each hand
When the dead man went to war.
Blocked between ghost and buccaneer,
Brave men have dropped and died;
And the wild sea-lords well might quail
As the ghastly war-pipes of the Gael
Called to the horns of White Horse Vale,
And all the horns replied.
And Hildred the poor hedger
Cut down four captains dead,
And Halmar laid three others low,
And the great earls wavered to and fro
For the living and the dead.
And Gorlias grasped the great flag,
The Raven of Odin, torn;
And the eyes of Guthrum altered,
For the first time since morn.
As a turn of the wheel of tempest
Tilts up the whole sky tall,
And cliffs of wan cloud luminous
Lean out like great walls over us,
As if the heavens might fall.
As such a tall and tilted sky
Sends certain snow or light,
So did the eyes of Guthrum change,
And the turn was more certain and more strange
Than a thousand men in flight.
For not till the floor of the skies is split,
And hell-fire shines through the sea,
Or the stars look up through the rent earth's knees,
Cometh such rending of certainties,
As when one wise man truly sees
What is more wise than he.
He set his horse in the battle-breech
Even Guthrum of the Dane,
And as ever had fallen fell his brand,
A falling tower o'er many a land,
But Gurth the fowler laid one hand
Upon this bridle rein.
King Guthrum was a great lord,
And higher than his gods--
He put the popes to laughter,
He chid the saints with rods,
He took this hollow world of ours
For a cup to hold his wine;
In the parting of the woodways
There came to him a sign.
In Wessex in the forest,
In the breaking of the spears,
We set a sign on Guthrum
To blaze a thousand years.
Where the high saddles jostle
And the horse-tails toss,
There rose to the birds flying
A roar of dead and dying;
In deafness and strong crying
We signed him with the cross.
Far out to the winding river
The blood ran down for days,
When we put the cross on Guthrum
In the parting of the ways.
BOOK VIII THE SCOURING OF THE HORSE
In the years of the peace of Wessex,
When the good King sat at home;
Years following on that bloody boon
When she that stands above the moon
Stood above death at Ethandune
And saw his kingdom come--
When the pagan people of the sea
Fled to their palisades,
Nailed there with javelins to cling
And wonder smote the pirate king,
And brought him to his christening
And the end of all his raids.
(For not till the night's blue slate is wiped
Of its last star utterly,
And fierce new signs writ there to read,
Shall eyes with such amazement heed,
As when a great man knows indeed
A greater thing than he.)
And there came to his chrism-loosing
Lords of all lands afar,
And a line was drawn north-westerly
That set King Egbert's empire free,
Giving all lands by the northern sea
To the sons of the northern star.
In the days of the rest of Alfred,
When all these things were done,
And Wessex lay in a patch of peace,
Like a dog in a patch of sun--
The King sat in his orchard,
Among apples green and red,
With the little book in his bosom
And the sunshine on his head.
And he gathered the songs of simple men
That swing with helm and hod,
And the alms he gave as a Christian
Like a river alive with fishes ran;
And he made gifts to a beggar man
As to a wandering god.
And he gat good laws of the ancient kings,
Like treasure out of the tombs;
And many a thief in thorny nook,
Or noble in sea-stained turret shook,
For the opening of his iron book,
And the gathering of the dooms.
Then men would come from the ends of the earth,
Whom the King sat welcoming,
And men would go to the ends of the earth
Because of the word of the King.
For folk came in to Alfred's face
Whose javelins had been hurled
On monsters that make boil the sea,
Crakens and coils of mystery.
Or thrust in ancient snows that be
The white hair of the world.
And some had knocked at the northern gates
Of the ultimate icy floor,
Where the fish freeze and the foam turns black,
And the wide world narrows to a track,
And the other sea at the world's back
Cries through a closed door.
And men went forth from Alfred's face,
Even great gift-bearing lords,
Not to Rome only, but more bold,
Out to the high hot courts of old,
Of negroes clad in cloth of gold,
Silence, and crooked swords,
Scrawled screens and secret gardens
And insect-laden skies--
Where fiery plains stretch on and on
To the purple country of Prester John
And the walls of Paradise.
And he knew the might of the Terre Majeure,
Where kings began to reign;
Where in a night-rout, without name,
Of gloomy Goths and Gauls there came
White, above candles all aflame,
Like a vision, Charlemagne.
And men, seeing such embassies,
Spake with the King and said:
"The steel that sang so sweet a tune
On Ashdown and on Ethandune,
Why hangs it scabbarded so soon,
All heavily like lead?
"Why dwell the Danes in North England,
And up to the river ride?
Three more such marches like thine own
Would end them; and the Pict should own
Our sway; and our feet climb the throne
In the mountains of Strathclyde."
And Alfred in the orchard,
Among apples green and red,
With the little book in his bosom,
Looked at green leaves and said:
"When all philosophies shall fail,
This word alone shall fit;
That a sage feels too small for life,
And a fool too large for it.
"Asia and all imperial plains
Are too little for a fool;
But for one man whose eyes can see
The little island of Athelney
Is too large a land to rule.
"Haply it had been better
When I built my fortress there,
Out in the reedy waters wide,
I had stood on my mud wall and cried:
`Take England all, from tide to tide--
Be Athelney my share.'
"Those madmen of the throne-scramble--
Oppressors and oppressed--
Had lined the banks by Athelney,
And waved and wailed unceasingly,
Where the river turned to the broad sea,
By an island of the blest.
"An island like a little book
Full of a hundred tales,
Like the gilt page the good monks pen,
That is all smaller than a wren,
Yet hath high towns, meteors, and men,
And suns and spouting whales;
"A land having a light on it
In the river dark and fast,
An isle with utter clearness lit,
Because a saint had stood in it;
Where flowers are flowers indeed and fit,
And trees are trees at last.
"So were the island of a saint;
But I am a common king,
And I will make my fences tough
From Wantage Town to Plymouth Bluff,
Because I am not wise enough
To rule so small a thing."
And it fell in the days of Alfred,
In the days of his repose,
That as old customs in his sight
Were a straight road and a steady light,
He bade them keep the White Horse white
As the first plume of the snows.
And right to the red torchlight,
From the trouble of morning grey,
They stripped the White Horse of the grass
As they strip it to this day.
And under the red torchlight
He went dreaming as though dull,
Of his old companions slain like kings,
And the rich irrevocable things
Of a heart that hath not openings,
But is shut fast, being full.
And the torchlight touched the pale hair
Where silver clouded gold,
And the frame of his face was made of cords,
And a young lord turned among the lords
And said: "The King is old."
And even as he said it
A post ran in amain,
Crying: "Arm, Lord King, the hamlets arm,
In the horror and the shade of harm,
They have burnt Brand of Aynger's farm--
The Danes are come again!
"Danes drive the white East Angles
In six fights on the plains,
Danes waste the world about the Thames,
Danes to the eastward--Danes!"
And as he stumbled on one knee,
The thanes broke out in ire,
Crying: "Ill the watchmen watch, and ill
The sheriffs keep the shire."
But the young earl said: "Ill the saints,
The saints of England, guard
The land wherein we pledge them gold;
The dykes decay, the King grows old,
And surely this is hard,
"That we be never quit of them;
That when his head is hoar
He cannot say to them he smote,
And spared with a hand hard at the throat,
`Go, and return no more.' "
Then Alfred smiled. And the smile of him
Was like the sun for power.
But he only pointed: bade them heed
Those peasants of the Berkshire breed,
Who plucked the old Horse of the weed
As they pluck it to this hour.
"Will ye part with the weeds for ever?
Or show daisies to the door?
Or will you bid the bold grass
Go, and return no more?
"So ceaseless and so secret
Thrive terror and theft set free;
Treason and shame shall come to pass
While one weed flowers in a morass;
And like the stillness of stiff grass
The stillness of tyranny.
"Over our white souls also
Wild heresies and high
Wave prouder than the plumes of grass,
And sadder than their sigh.
"And I go riding against the raid,
And ye know not where I am;
But ye shall know in a day or year,
When one green star of grass grows here;
Chaos has charged you, charger and spear,
Battle-axe and battering-ram.
"And though skies alter and empires melt,
This word shall still be true:
If we would have the horse of old,
Scour ye the horse anew.
"One time I followed a dancing star
That seemed to sing and nod,
And ring upon earth all evil's knell;
But now I wot if ye scour not well
Red rust shall grow on God's great bell
And grass in the streets of God."
Ceased Alfred; and above his head
The grand green domes, the Downs,
Showed the first legions of the press,
Marching in haste and bitterness
For Christ's sake and the crown's.
Beyond the cavern of Colan,
Past Eldred's by the sea,
Rose men that owned King Alfred's rod,
From the windy wastes of Exe untrod,
Or where the thorn of the grave of God
Burns over Glastonbury.
Far northward and far westward
The distant tribes drew nigh,
Plains beyond plains, fell beyond fell,
That a man at sunset sees so well,
And the tiny coloured towns that dwell
In the corners of the sky.
But dark and thick as thronged the host,
With drum and torch and blade,
The still-eyed King sat pondering,
As one that watches a live thing,
The scoured chalk; and he said,
"Though I give this land to Our Lady,
That helped me in Athelney,
Though lordlier trees and lustier sod
And happier hills hath no flesh trod
Than the garden of the Mother of God
Between Thames side and the sea,
"I know that weeds shall grow in it
Faster than men can burn;
And though they scatter now and go,
In some far century, sad and slow,
I have a vision, and I know
The heathen shall return.
"They shall not come with warships,
They shall not waste with brands,
But books be all their eating,
And ink be on their hands.
"Not with the humour of hunters
Or savage skill in war,
But ordering all things with dead words,
Strings shall they make of beasts and birds,
And wheels of wind and star.
"They shall come mild as monkish clerks,
With many a scroll and pen;
And backward shall ye turn and gaze,
Desiring one of Alfred's days,
When pagans still were men.
"The dear sun dwarfed of dreadful suns,
Like fiercer flowers on stalk,
Earth lost and little like a pea
In high heaven's towering forestry,
--These be the small weeds ye shall see
Crawl, covering the chalk.
"But though they bridge St. Mary's sea,
Or steal St. Michael's wing--
Though they rear marvels over us,
Greater than great Vergilius
Wrought for the Roman king;
"By this sign you shall know them,
The breaking of the sword,
And man no more a free knight,
That loves or hates his lord.
"Yea, this shall be the sign of them,
The sign of the dying fire;
And Man made like a half-wit,
That knows not of his sire.
"What though they come with scroll and pen,
And grave as a shaven clerk,
By this sign you shall know them,
That they ruin and make dark;
"By all men bond to Nothing,
Being slaves without a lord,
By one blind idiot world obeyed,
Too blind to be abhorred;
"By terror and the cruel tales
Of curse in bone and kin,
By weird and weakness winning,
Accursed from the beginning,
By detail of the sinning,
And denial of the sin;
"By thought a crawling ruin,
By life a leaping mire,
By a broken heart in the breast of the world,
And the end of the world's desire;
"By God and man dishonoured,
By death and life made vain,
Know ye the old barbarian,
The barbarian come again--
"When is great talk of trend and tide,
And wisdom and destiny,
Hail that undying heathen
That is sadder than the sea.
"In what wise men shall smite him,
Or the Cross stand up again,
Or charity or chivalry,
My vision saith not; and I see
No more; but now ride doubtfully
To the battle of the plain."
And the grass-edge of the great down
Was cut clean as a lawn,
While the levies thronged from near and far,
From the warm woods of the western star,
And the King went out to his last war
On a tall grey horse at dawn.
And news of his far-off fighting
Came slowly and brokenly
From the land of the East Saxons,
From the sunrise and the sea.
From the plains of the white sunrise,
And sad St. Edmund's crown,
Where the pools of Essex pale and gleam
Out beyond London Town--
In mighty and doubtful fragments,
Like faint or fabled wars,
Climbed the old hills of his renown,
Where the bald brow of White Horse Down
Is close to the cold stars.
But away in the eastern places
The wind of death walked high,
And a raid was driven athwart the raid,
The sky reddened and the smoke swayed,
And the tall grey horse went by.
The gates of the great river
Were breached as with a barge,
The walls sank crowded, say the scribes,
And high towers populous with tribes
Seemed leaning from the charge.
Smoke like rebellious heavens rolled
Curled over coloured flames,
Mirrored in monstrous purple dreams
In the mighty pools of Thames.
Loud was the war on London wall,
And loud in London gates,
And loud the sea-kings in the cloud
Broke through their dreaming gods, and loud
Cried on their dreadful Fates.
And all the while on White Horse Hill
The horse lay long and wan,
The turf crawled and the fungus crept,
And the little sorrel, while all men slept,
Unwrought the work of man.
With velvet finger, velvet foot,
The fierce soft mosses then
Crept on the large white commonweal
All folk had striven to strip and peel,
And the grass, like a great green witch's wheel,
Unwound the toils of men.
And clover and silent thistle throve,
And buds burst silently,
With little care for the Thames Valley
Or what things there might be--
That away on the widening river,
In the eastern plains for crown
Stood up in the pale purple sky
One turret of smoke like ivory;
And the smoke changed and the wind went by,
And the King took London Town.There are fires on Lulu Island, and the sky is opalescent
With the pearl and purple tinting from the smouldering of peat.
And the Dream Hills lift their summits in a sweeping, hazy crescent,
With the Capilano canyon at their feet.
There are fires on Lulu Island, and the smoke, uplifting, lingers
In a faded scarf of fragrance as it creeps across the day,
And the Inlet and the Narrows blur beneath its silent fingers,
And the canyon is enfolded in its grey.
But the sun its face is veiling like a cloistered nun at vespers;
As towards the alter candles of the night a censer swings,
And the echo of tradition wakes from slumbering and whispers,
Where the Capilano river sobs and sings.
It was Yaada, lovely Yaada, who first taught the stream its sighing,
For 'twas silent till her coming, and 'twas voiceless as the shore;
But throughout the great forever it will sing the song undying
That the lips of lovers sing for evermore.
He was chief of all the Squamish, and he ruled the coastal waters--
And he warred upon her people in the distant Charlotte Isles;
She, a winsome basket weaver, daintiest of Haida daughters,
Made him captive to her singing and her smiles.
Till his hands forgot to havoc and his weapons lost their lusting,
Till his stormy eyes allured her from the land of Totem Poles,
Till she followed where he called her, followed with a woman's trusting,
To the canyon where the Capilano rolls.
And the women of the Haidas plied in vain their magic power,
Wailed for many moons her absence, wailed for many moons their prayer,I.
To one fair lady out of Court,
And two fair ladies in,
Who think the Turk and Pope a sport,
And wit and love no sin!
Come, these soft lines, with nothing stiff in,
To Bellenden, Lepell, and Griffin.
With a fa, la, la.
II.
What passes in the dark third row,
And what behind the scene,
Couches and crippled chairs I know,
And garrets hung with green;
I know the swing of sinful hack,
Where many damsels cry alack.
With a fa, la, la.
III.
Then why to Courts should I repair,
Where's such ado with Townsend?
To hear each mortal stamp and swear,
And every speech with 'Zounds' end;
To hear them rail at honest Sunderland,
And rashly blame the realm of Blunderland.
With a fa, la, la.
IV.
Alas! like Schutz I cannot pun,
Like Grafton court the Germans;
Tell Pickenbourg how slim she's grown,
Like Meadows run to sermons;
To court ambitious men may roam,
But I and Marlbro' stay at home.
With a fa, la, la.
V.
In truth, by what I can discern,
Of courtiers, 'twixt you three,
Some wit you have, and more may learn
From Court, than Gay or Me:
Perhaps, in time, you'll leave high diet,
To sup with us on milk and quiet.
With a fa, la, la.
VI.
At Leicester Fields, a house full nigh,
With door all painted green,
(A Milliner, I mean);
There may you meet us three to three,
For Gay can well make two of Me.
With a fa, la, la.
VII.
But should you catch the prudish itch,
And each become a coward,
Bring sometimes with you lady Rich,
And sometimes mistress Howard;
For virgins, to keep chaste, must go
Abroad with such as are not so.
With a fa, la, la.
VIII.
And thus, fair maids, my ballad ends;
God send the king safe landing;
And make all honest ladies friends
To armies that are standing;
Preserve the limits of those nations,
And take off ladies' limitations.
With a fa, la, la.Up yonder in Buena Park
There is a famous spot,
In legend and in history
Yclept the Waller Lot.
There children play in daytime
And lovers stroll by dark,
For 't is the goodliest trysting-place
In all Buena Park.
Once on a time that beauteous maid,
Sweet little Sissy Knott,
Took out her pretty doll to walk
Within the Waller Lot.
While thus she fared, from Ravenswood
Came Injuns o'er the plain,
And seized upon that beauteous maid
And rent her doll in twain.
Oh, 't was a piteous thing to hear
Her lamentations wild;
She tore her golden curls and cried:
"My child! My child! My child!"
Alas, what cared those Injun chiefs
How bitterly wailed she?
They never had been mothers,
And they could not hope to be!
"Have done with tears," they rudely quoth,
And then they bound her hands;
For they proposed to take her off
To distant border lands.
But, joy! from Mr. Eddy's barn
Doth Willie Clow behold
The sight that makes his hair rise up
And all his blood run cold.
He put his fingers in his mouth
And whistled long and clear,
And presently a goodly horde
Of cow-boys did appear.
Cried Willie Clow: "My comrades bold,
Haste to the Waller Lot,
And rescue from that Injun band
Our charming Sissy Knott!"
"Spare neither Injun buck nor squaw,
But smite them hide and hair!
Spare neither sex nor age nor size,
And no condition spare!"
Then sped that cow-boy band away,
Full of revengeful wrath,
And Kendall Evans rode ahead
Upon a hickory lath.
And next came gallant Dady Field
And Willie's brother Kent,
The Eddy boys and Robbie James,
On murderous purpose bent.
For they were much beholden to
That maid - in sooth, the lot
Were very, very much in love
With charming Sissy Knott.
What wonder? She was beauty's queen,
And good beyond compare;
Moreover, it was known she was
Her wealthy father's heir!
Now when the Injuns saw that band
They trembled with affright,
And yet they thought the cheapest thing
To do was stay and fight.
So sturdily they stood their ground,
Nor would their prisoner yield,
Despite the wrath of Willie Clow
And gallant Dady Field.
Oh, never fiercer battle raged
Upon the Waller Lot,
And never blood more freely flowed
Than flowed for Sissy Knott!
An Injun chief of monstrous size
Got Kendall Evans down,
And Robbie James was soon o'erthrown
By one of great renown.
And Dady Field was sorely done,
And Willie Clow was hurt,
And all that gallant cow-boy band
Lay wallowing in the dirt.
But still they strove with might and main
Till all the Waller Lot
Was strewn with hair and gouts of gore -
All, all for Sissy Knott!
Then cried the maiden in despair:
"Alas, I sadly fear
The battle and my hopes are lost,
Unless some help appear!"
Lo, as she spoke, she saw afar
The rescuer looming up -
The pride of all Buena Park,
Clow's famous yellow pup!
"Now, sick'em, Don," the maiden cried,
"Now, sick'em, Don!" cried she;
Obedient Don at once complied -
As ordered, so did he.
He sicked'em all so passing well
That, overcome by fright,
The Indian horde gave up the fray
And safety sought in flight.
They ran and ran and ran and ran
O'er valley, plain, and hill;
And if they are not walking now,
Why, then, they're running still.
The cow-boys rose up from the dust
With faces black and blue;
"Remember, beauteous maid," said they,
"We've bled and died for you!"
"And though we suffer grievously,
We gladly hail the lot
That brings us toils and pains and wounds
For charming Sissy Knott!"
But Sissy Knott still wailed and wept,
And still her fate reviled;
For who could patch her dolly up -
Who, who could mend her child?
Then out her doting mother came,
And soothed her daughter then;
"Grieve not, my darling, I will sew
Your dolly up again!"
Joy soon succeeded unto grief,
And tears were soon dried up,
And dignities were heaped upon
Clow's noble yellow pup.
Him all that goodly company
Did as deliverer hail -
They tied a ribbon round his neck,
Another round his tail.
And every anniversary day
Upon the Waller Lot
They celebrate the victory won
For charming Sissy Knott.
And I, the poet of these folk,
Am ordered to compile
This truly famous history
In good old ballad style.
Which having done as to have earned
The sweet rewards of fame,
In what same style I did begin
I now shall end the same.
So let us sing: Long live the King,
Long live the Queen and Jack,
Long live the ten-spot and the ace,
And also all the pack.I.
Once, early in the morning, Beelzebub arose,
With care his sweet person adorning,
He put on his Sunday clothes.
II.
He drew on a boot to hide his hoof,
He drew on a glove to hide his claw,
His horns were concealed by a Bras Chapeau,
And the Devil went forth as natty a Beau
As Bond-street ever saw.
III.
He sate him down, in London town,
Before earth's morning ray;
With a favourite imp he began to chat,
On religion, and scandal, this and that,
Until the dawn of day.
IV.
And then to St. James's Court he went,
And St. Paul’s Church he took on his way;
He was mighty thick with every Saint,
Though they were formal and he was gay.
V.
The Devil was an agriculturist,
And as bad weeds quickly grow,
In looking over his farm, I wist,
He wouldn't find cause for woe.
VI.
He peeped in each hole, to each chamber stole,
His promising live-stock to view;
Grinning applause, he just showed them his claws,
And they shrunk with affright from his ugly sight,
Whose work they delighted to do.
VII.
Satan poked his red nose into crannies so small
One would think that the innocents fair,
Poor lambkins! were just doing nothing at all
But settling some dress or arranging some ball,
But the Devil saw deeper there.
VIII.
A Priest, at whose elbow the Devil during prayer
Sate familiarly, side by side,
Declared that, if the Tempter were there,
His presence he would not abide.
Ah! ah! thought Old Nick, that's a very stale trick,
For without the Devil, O favourite of Evil,
In your carriage you would not ride.
IX.
Satan next saw a brainless King,
Whose house was as hot as his own;
Many Imps in attendance were there on the wing,
They flapped the pennon and twisted the sting,
Close by the very Throne.
X.
Ah! ah! thought Satan, the pasture is good,
My Cattle will here thrive better than others;
They dine on news of human blood,
They sup on the groans of the dying and dead,
And supperless never will go to bed;
Which will make them fat as their brothers.
XI.
Fat as the Fiends that feed on blood,
Fresh and warm from the fields of Spain,
Where Ruin ploughs her gory way,
Where the shoots of earth are nipped in the bud,
Where Hell is the Victor's prey,
Its glory the meed of the slain.
XII.
Fat--as the Death-birds on Erin's shore,
That glutted themselves in her dearest gore,
And flitted round Castlereagh,
When they snatched the Patriot's heart, that HIS grasp
Had torn from its widow's maniac clasp,
--And fled at the dawn of day.
XIII.
Fat--as the Reptiles of the tomb,
That riot in corruption's spoil,
That fret their little hour in gloom,
And creep, and live the while.
XIV.
Fat as that Prince's maudlin brain,
Which, addled by some gilded toy,
Tired, gives his sweetmeat, and again
Cries for it, like a humoured boy.
XV.
For he is fat,--his waistcoat gay,
When strained upon a levee day,
Scarce meets across his princely paunch;
And pantaloons are like half-moons
Upon each brawny haunch.
XVI.
How vast his stock of calf! when plenty
Had filled his empty head and heart,
Enough to satiate foplings twenty,
Could make his pantaloon seams start.
XVII.
The Devil (who sometimes is called Nature),
For men of power provides thus well,
Whilst every change and every feature,
Their great original can tell.
XVIII.
Satan saw a lawyer a viper slay,
That crawled up the leg of his table,
It reminded him most marvellously
Of the story of Cain and Abel.
IXX.
The wealthy yeoman, as he wanders
His fertile fields among,
And on his thriving cattle ponders,
Counts his sure gains, and hums a song;
Thus did the Devil, through earth walking,
Hum low a hellish song.
XX.
For they thrive well whose garb of gore
Is Satan’s choicest livery,
And they thrive well who from the poor
Have snatched the bread of penury,
And heap the houseless wanderer’s store
On the rank pile of luxury.
XXI.
The Bishops thrive, though they are big;
The Lawyers thrive, though they are thin;
For every gown, and every wig,
Hides the safe thrift of Hell within.
XXII.
Thus pigs were never counted clean,
Although they dine on finest corn;
And cormorants are sin-like lean,
Although they eat from night to morn.
XXIII.
Oh! why is the Father of Hell in such glee,
As he grins from ear to ear?
Why does he doff his clothes joyfully,
As he skips, and prances, and flaps his wing,
As he sidles, leers, and twirls his sting,
And dares, as he is, to appear?
XXIV.
A statesman passed--alone to him,
The Devil dare his whole shape uncover,
To show each feature, every limb,
Secure of an unchanging lover.
XXV.
At this known sign, a welcome sight,
The watchful demons sought their King,
And every Fiend of the Stygian night,
Was in an instant on the wing.
XXVI.
Pale Loyalty, his guilt-steeled brow,
With wreaths of gory laurel crowned:
The hell-hounds, Murder, Want and Woe,
Forever hungering, flocked around;
From Spain had Satan sought their food,
'Twas human woe and human blood!
XXVII.
Hark! the earthquake's crash I hear,--
Kings turn pale, and Conquerors start,
Ruffians tremble in their fear,
For their Satan doth depart.
XXVIII.
This day Fiends give to revelry
To celebrate their King's return,
And with delight its Sire to see
Hell's adamantine limits burn.
XXIX.
But were the Devil's sight as keen
As Reason's penetrating eye,
His sulphurous Majesty I ween,
Would find but little cause for joy.
XXX.
For the sons of Reason see
That, ere fate consume the Pole,
The false Tyrant's cheek shall be
Bloodless as his coward soul.I walk carelessly down the dark road
My heavy black boots constantly clicking
Clicking on the cold cement
My long black and velvet Trench coat
Billowing in the slight breeze
My Chest slightly rising under my tight corset
My chains on my pants jingling together
As I walk down this Moon lit road
Staring up at the midnight moon
This is the ballad
The ballad of the lost
Of the silent warriors
Of the people you pass by and call freaks
Of the people
Who will save your soul
For our souls are pure
Our souls sing this ballad
The ballad of the night
The ballad of the pure heartsI
AT Flores, in the Azores Sir Richard Grenville lay,
And a pinnace, like a flutter’d bird, came flying from far away;
“Spanish ships of war at sea! we have sighted fifty-three!”
Then sware Lord Thomas Howard: “’Fore God I am no coward;
But I cannot meet them here, for my ships are out of gear,
And the half my men are sick. I must fly, but follow quick.
We are six ships of the line; can we fight with fifty-three?”
II
Then spake Sir Richard Grenville: “I know you are no coward;
You fly them for a moment to fight with them again.
But I’ve ninety men and more that are lying sick ashore.
I should count myself the coward if I left them, my Lord Howard,
To these Inquisition dogs and the devildoms of Spain.”
III
So Lord Howard past away with five ships of war that day,
Till he melted like a cloud in the silent summer heaven;
But Sir Richard bore in hand all his sick men from the land
Very carefully and slow,
Men of Bideford in Devon,
And we laid them on the ballast down below:
For we brought them all aboard,
And they blest him in their pain, that they were not left to Spain,
To the thumb-screw and the stake, for the glory of the Lord.
IV
He had only a hundred seamen to work the ship and to fight,
And he sailed away from Flores till the Spaniard came in sight,
With his huge sea-castles heaving upon the weather bow.
“Shall we fight or shall we fly?
Good Sir Richard, tell us now,
For to fight is but to die!
There’ll be little of us left by the time this sun be set.”
And Sir Richard said again: “We be all good Englishmen.
Let us bang these dogs of Seville, the children of the devil,
For I never turn’d my back upon Don or devil yet.”
V
Sir Richard spoke and he laugh’d, and we roar’d a hurrah and so
The little Revenge ran on sheer into the heart of the foe,
With her hundred fighters on deck, and her ninety sick below;
For half of their fleet to the right and half to the left were seen,
And the little Revenge ran on thro’ the long sea-lane between.
VI
Thousands of their soldiers look’d down from their decks and laugh’d,
Thousands of their seamen made mock at the mad little craft
Running on and on, till delay’d
By their mountain-like San Philip that, of fifteen hundred tons,
And up-shadowing high above us with her yawning tiers of guns,
Took the breath from our sails, and we stay’d.
VII
And while now the great San Philip hung above us like a cloud
Whence the thunderbolt will fall
Long and loud,         45
Four galleons drew away
From the Spanish fleet that day.
And two upon the larboard and two upon the starboard lay,
And the battle-thunder broke from them all.
VIII
But anon the great San Philip, she bethought herself and went,
Having that within her womb that had left her ill content;
And the rest they came aboard us, and they fought us hand to hand,
For a dozen times they came with their pikes and musqueteers,
And a dozen times we shook ’em off as a dog that shakes his ears
When he leaps from the water to the land.
IX
And the sun went down, and the stars came out far over the summer sea,
But never a moment ceased the fight of the one and the fifty-three.
Ship after ship, the whole night long, their high-built galleons came,
Ship after ship, the whole night long, with her battle-thunder and flame;
Ship after ship, the whole night long, drew back with her dead and her shame.
For some were sunk and many were shatter’d and so could fight us no more—
God of battles, was ever a battle like this in the world before?
X
For he said, “Fight on! fight on!”
Tho’ his vessel was all but a wreck;
And it chanced that, when half of the short summer night was gone,         With a grisly wound to be drest he had left the deck,
But a bullet struck him that was dressing it suddenly dead,
And himself he was wounded again in the side and the head,
And he said, “Fight on! fight on!”
XI
And the night went down, and the sun smiled out far over the summer sea,
And the Spanish fleet with broken sides lay round us all in a ring;
But they dared not touch us again, for they fear’d that we still could sting,
So they watch’d what the end would be.
And we had not fought them in vain,
But in perilous plight were we,
Seeing forty of our poor hundred were slain,
And half of the rest of us maim’d for life
In the crash of the cannonades and the desperate strife;
And the sick men down in the hold were most of them stark and cold,
And the pikes were all broken or bent, and the powder was all of it spent;         80
And the masts and the rigging were lying over the side;
But Sir Richard cried in his English pride:
“We have fought such a fight for a day and a night
As may never be fought again!
We have won great glory, my men!
And a day less or more
At sea or ashore,
We die—does it matter when?
Sink me the ship, Master Gunner—sink her, split her in twain!
Fall into the hands of God, not into the hands of Spain!”
XII
And the gunner said, “Ay, ay,” but the seamen made reply:
“We have children, we have wives,
And the Lord hath spared our lives.
We will make the Spaniard promise, if we yield, to let us go;
We shall live to fight again and to strike another blow.”
And the lion there lay dying, and they yielded to the foe.
XIII
And the stately Spanish men to their flagship bore him then,
Where they laid him by the mast, old Sir Richard caught at last,
And they praised him to his face with their courtly foreign grace;
But he rose upon their decks, and he cried:
“I have fought for Queen and Faith like a valiant man and true;
I have only done my duty as a man is bound to do.
With a joyful spirit I Sir Richard Grenville die!”
And he fell upon their decks, and he died.
XIV
And they stared at the dead that had been so valiant and true,
And had holden the power and glory of Spain so cheap
That he dared her with one little ship and his English few;
Was he devil or man? He was devil for aught they knew,
But they sank his body with honor down into the deep.
And they mann’d the Revenge with a swarthier alien crew,
And away she sail’d with her loss and long’d for her own;
When a wind from the lands they had ruin’d awoke from sleep,
And the water began to heave and the weather to moan,
And or ever that evening ended a great gale blew,
And a wave like the wave that is raised by an earthquake grew,
Till it smote on their hulls and their sails and their masts and their flags,
And the whole sea plunged and fell on the shot-shatter’d navy of Spain,
And the little Revenge herself went down by the island crags
To be lost evermore in the main.Upon his battlements he stood,
And downward gazed in joyous mood,
On Samos' Isle, that owned his sway,
"All this is subject to my yoke;"
To Egypt's monarch thus he spoke,--
"That I am truly blest, then, say!"
"The immortals' favor thou hast known!
Thy sceptre's might has overthrown
All those who once were like to thee.
Yet to avenge them one lives still;
I cannot call thee blest, until
That dreaded foe has ceased to be."
While to these words the king gave vent,
A herald from Miletus sent,
Appeared before the tyrant there:
"Lord, let thy incense rise to-day,
And with the laurel branches gay
Thou well may'st crown thy festive hair!"
"Thy foe has sunk beneath the spear,--
I'm sent to bear the glad news here,
By thy true marshal Polydore"--
Then from a basin black he takes--
The fearful sight their terror wakes--
A well-known head, besmeared with gore.
The king with horror stepped aside,
And then with anxious look replied:
"Thy bliss to fortune ne'er commit.
On faithless waves, bethink thee how
Thy fleet with doubtful fate swims now--
How soon the storm may scatter it!"
But ere he yet had spoke the word,
A shout of jubilee is heard
Resounding from the distant strand.
With foreign treasures teeming o'er,
The vessels' mast-rich wood once more
Returns home to its native land.
The guest then speaks with startled mind:
"Fortune to-day, in truth, seems kind;
But thou her fickleness shouldst fear:
The Cretan hordes, well skilled, in arms,
Now threaten thee with war's alarms;
E'en now they are approaching here."
And, ere the word has 'scaped his lips,
A stir is seen amongst the ships,
And thousand voices "Victory!" cry:
"We are delivered from our foe,
The storm has laid the Cretan low,
The war is ended, is gone by!"
The shout with horror hears the guest:
"In truth, I must esteem thee blest!
Yet dread I the decrees of heaven.
The envy of the gods I fear;
To taste of unmixed rapture here
Is never to a mortal given."
"With me, too, everything succeeds;
In all my sovereign acts and deeds
The grace of Heaven is ever by;
And yet I had a well-loved heir--
I paid my debt to fortune there--
God took him hence--I saw him die."
"Wouldst thou from sorrow, then, be free.
Pray to each unseen Deity,
For thy well-being, grief to send;
The man on whom the Gods bestow
Their gifts with hands that overflow,
Comes never to a happy end."
"And if the Gods thy prayer resist,
Then to a friend's instruction list,--
Invoke thyself adversity;
And what, of all thy treasures bright,
Gives to thy heart the most delight--
That take and cast thou in the sea!"
Then speaks the other, moved by fear:
"This ring to me is far most dear
Of all this isle within it knows--
I to the furies pledge it now,
If they will happiness allow"--
And in the flood the gem he throws.
And with the morrow's earliest light,
Appeared before the monarch's sight
A fisherman, all joyously;
"Lord, I this fish just now have caught,
No net before e'er held the sort;
And as a gift I bring it thee."
The fish was opened by the cook,
Who suddenly, with wondering look,
Runs up, and utters these glad sounds:
"Within the fish's maw, behold,
I've found, great lord, thy ring of gold!
Thy fortune truly knows no bounds!"
The guest with terror turned away:
"I cannot here, then, longer stay,--
My friend thou canst no longer be!
The gods have willed that thou shouldst die:
Lest I, too, perish, I must fly"--
He spoke,--and sailed thence hastily.Oh mother, mother, where is happiness?
They took my lover's tallness off to war,
Left me lamenting. Now I cannot guess
What I can use an empty heart-cup for.
He won't be coming back here any more.
Some day the war will end, but, oh, I knew
When he went walking grandly out that door
That my sweet love would have to be untrue.
Would have to be untrue. Would have to court
Coquettish death, whose impudent and strange
Possessive arms and beauty (of a sort)
Can make a hard man hesitate--and change.
And he will be the one to stammer, "Yes."
Oh mother, mother, where is happiness?The skies they were ashen and sober;
The leaves they were crisped and sere-
The leaves they were withering and sere;
It was night in the lonesome October
Of my most immemorial year;
It was hard by the dim lake of Auber,
In the misty mid region of Weir-
It was down by the dank tarn of Auber,
In the ghoul-haunted woodland of Weir.
Here once, through an alley Titanic,
Of cypress, I roamed with my Soul-
Of cypress, with Psyche, my Soul.
There were days when my heart was volcanic
As the scoriac rivers that roll-
As the lavas that restlessly roll
Their sulphurous currents down Yaanek
In the ultimate climes of the pole-
That groan as they roll down Mount Yaanek
In the realms of the boreal pole.
Our talk had been serious and sober,
But our thoughts they were palsied and sere-
Our memories were treacherous and sere-
For we knew not the month was October,
And we marked not the night of the year-
(Ah, night of all nights in the year!)
We noted not the dim lake of Auber-
(Though once we had journeyed down here),
Remembered not the dank tarn of Auber,
Nor the ghoul-haunted woodland of Weir.
And now, as the night was senescent,
And star-dials pointed to morn-
As the star-dials hinted of morn-
At the end of our path a liquescent
And nebulous lustre was born,
Out of which a miraculous crescent
Arose with a duplicate horn-
Astarte's bediamonded crescent
Distinct with its duplicate horn.
And I said- 'She is warmer than Dian:
She rolls through an ether of sighs-
She revels in a region of sighs:
She has seen that the tears are not dry on
These cheeks, where the worm never dies,
And has come past the stars of the Lion,
To point us the path to the skies-
To the Lethean peace of the skies-
Come up, in despite of the Lion,
To shine on us with her bright eyes-
Come up through the lair of the Lion,
With love in her luminous eyes.'
But Psyche, uplifting her finger,
Said- 'Sadly this star I mistrust-
Her pallor I strangely mistrust:-
Oh, hasten!- oh, let us not linger!
Oh, fly!- let us fly!- for we must.'
In terror she spoke, letting sink her
Wings until they trailed in the dust-
In agony sobbed, letting sink her
Plumes till they trailed in the dust-
Till they sorrowfully trailed in the dust.
I replied- 'This is nothing but dreaming:
Let us on by this tremulous light!
Let us bathe in this crystalline light!
Its Sybilic splendor is beaming
With Hope and in Beauty to-night:-
See!- it flickers up the sky through the night!
Ah, we safely may trust to its gleaming,
And be sure it will lead us aright-
We safely may trust to a gleaming
That cannot but guide us aright,
Since it flickers up to Heaven through the night.'
Thus I pacified Psyche and kissed her,
And tempted her out of her gloom-
And conquered her scruples and gloom;
And we passed to the end of the vista,
But were stopped by the door of a tomb-
By the door of a legended tomb;
And I said- 'What is written, sweet sister,
On the door of this legended tomb?'
She replied- 'Ulalume- Ulalume-
'Tis the vault of thy lost Ulalume!'
Then my heart it grew ashen and sober
As the leaves that were crisped and sere-
As the leaves that were withering and sere-
And I cried- 'It was surely October
On this very night of last year
That I journeyed- I journeyed down here-
That I brought a dread burden down here-
On this night of all nights in the year,
Ah, what demon has tempted me here?
Well I know, now, this dim lake of Auber-
This misty mid region of Weir-
Well I know, now, this dank tarn of Auber,
This ghoul-haunted woodland of Weir.'Come hither, gently rowing,
Come, bear me quickly o'er
This stream so brightly flowing
To yonder woodland shore.
But vain were my endeavour
To pay thee, courteous guide;
Row on, row on, for ever
I'd have thee by my side.
Good boatman, prithee haste thee,
I seek my father-land. --
Say, when I there have placed thee,
Dare I demand thy hand?
A maiden's head can never
So hard a point decide;
Row on, row on, for ever
I'd have thee by my side.
The happy bridal over
The wanderer ceased to roam,
For, seated by her lover,
The boat became her home.
And they still sang together
As steering o'er the tide:
Row on through wind and weather
For ever by my side.They spoke of Progress spiring round,
Of light and Mrs Humphrey Ward-
It is not true to say I frowned,
Or ran about the room and roared;
I might have simply sat and snored-
I rose politely in the club
And said, `I feel a little bored;
Will someone take me to a pub?'
The new world's wisest did surround
Me; and it pains me to record
I did not think their views profound,
Or their conclusions well assured;
The simple life I can't afford,
Besides, I do not like the grub-
I want a mash and sausage, `scored'-
Will someone take me to a pub?
I know where Men can still be found,
Anger and clamorous accord,
And virtues growing from the ground,
And fellowship of beer and board,
And song, that is a sturdy cord,
And hope, that is a hardy shrub,
And goodness, that is God's last word-
Will someone take me to a pub?
Envoi
Prince, Bayard would have smashed his sword
To see the sort of knights you dub-
Is that the last of them-O Lord
Will someone take me to a pub?LET others prate of Greece and Rome,
And towns where they may never be,
The muse should wander nearer home.
My country is enough for me;
Her wooded hills that watch the sea,
Her inland miles of springing corn,
At Macedon or Barrakee—
I love the land where I was born.
On Juliet smile the autumn stars
And windswept plains by Winchelsea,
In summer on their sandy bars
Her rivers loiter languidly.
Where singing waters fall and flee
The gullied ranges dip to Lorne
With musk and gum and myrtle tree—
I love the land where I was born.
The wild things in her tangles move
As blithe as fauns in Sicily,
Where Melbourne rises roof by roof
The tall ships serve her at the quay,
And hers the yoke of liberty
On stalwart shoulders lightly worn,
Where thought and speech and prayer are free—
I love the land where I was born.
Princes and lords of high degree,
Smile, and we fling you scorn for scorn,
In hope and faith and memory
I love the land where I was born.One moment bid the horses wait,
Since tiffin is not laid till three,
Below the upward path and straight
You climbed a year ago with me.
Love came upon us suddenly
And loosed -- an idle hour to kill --
A headless, armless armory
That smote us both on Jakko Hill.
Ah Heaven! we would wait and wait
Through Time and to Eternity!
Ah Heaven! we could conquer Fate
With more than Godlike constancy
I cut the date upon a tree --
Here stand the clumsy figures still:
"10-7-85, A.D."
Damp with the mist of Jakko Hill.
What came of high resolve and great,
And until Death fidelity!
Whose horse is waiting at your gate?
Whose 'rickshaw-wheels ride over me?
No Saint's, I swear; and -- let me see
To-night what names your programme fill --
We drift asunder merrily,
As drifts the mist on Jakko Hill.
L'ENVOI.
Princess, behold our ancient state
Has clean departed; and we see
'Twas Idleness we took for Fate
That bound light bonds on you and me.
Amen! Here ends the comedy
Where it began in all good will;
Since Love and Leave together flee
As driven mist on Jakko Hill!The gallows in my garden, people say,
Is new and neat and adequately tall;
I tie the noose on in a knowing way
As one that knots his necktie for a ball;
But just as all the neighbours--on the wall--
Are drawing a long breath to shout "Hurray!"
The strangest whim has seized me. . . . After all
I think I will not hang myself to-day.
To-morrow is the time I get my pay--
My uncle's sword is hanging in the hall--
I see a little cloud all pink and grey--
Perhaps the rector's mother will not call-- I fancy that I heard from Mr. Gall
That mushrooms could be cooked another way--
I never read the works of Juvenal--
I think I will not hang myself to-day.
The world will have another washing-day;
The decadents decay; the pedants pall;
And H.G. Wells has found that children play,
And Bernard Shaw discovered that they squall,
Rationalists are growing rational--
And through thick woods one finds a stream astray
So secret that the very sky seems small--
I think I will not hang myself to-day.
Envoi
Prince, I can hear the trumpet of Germinal,
The tumbrils toiling up the terrible way;
Even to-day your royal head may fall,
I think I will not hang myself to-day.No girdle hath weaver or goldsmith wrought
So rich as the arms of my love can be;
No gems with a lovelier lustre fraught
Than her eyes, when they answer me liquidly.
Dear lady of love, be kind to me
In days when the waters of hope abate,
And doubt like a shimmer on sand shall be,
In the year yet, Lady, to dream and wait.
Sweet mouth, that the wear of the world hath taught
No glitter of wile or traitorie,
More soft than a cloud in the sunset caught,
Or the heart of a crimson peony;
Oh turn not its beauty away from me;
To kiss it and cling to it early and late
Shall make sweet minutes of days that flee,
In the year yet, Lady, to dream and wait.
Rich hair, that a painter of old had sought
For the weaving of some soft phantasy,
Most fair when the streams of it run distraught
On the firm sweet shoulders yellowly;
Dear Lady, gather it close to me,
Weaving a nest for the double freight
Of cheeks and lips that are one and free,
For the year yet, Lady, to dream and wait.
Envoi.
So time shall be swift till thou mate with me,
For love is mightiest next to fate,
And none shall be happier, Love, than we,
In the year yet, Lady, to dream and wait.Trolle on away, trolle on awaye,
Synge heave and howe rombelowe trolle on away.
Both man and chylde is glad to here tell
Of that false traytoure Thomas Crumwell,
Now that he is set to learn to spell.
Synge trolle on away.
When fortune lokyd the in thy face,
Thou haddyst fayre tyme, but thou lackydyst grace;
Thy cofers with golde thou fyllydst a pace.
Synge trolle on away.
Both plate and chalys came to thy fyst,
Thou lockydst them vp where no man wyst,
Tyll in the kynges treasoure suche thinges were myst.
Synge trolle on away.
Both crust and crumme came thorowe thy handes,
Thy marchaundyse sayled over the sandes,
Therfore nowe thou art layde fast in bandes.
Synge trolle on away.
Fyrste when Kynge Henry, God saue his Grace!
Perceyud myschefe kyndlyd in thy face,
Then it was tyme to purchase the a place.
Synge trolle on away.
Hys grace was euer of gentyll nature,
Mouyed with petye, and made the hys seruyture;
But thou, as a wretche, suche thinges dyd procure.
Synge trolle on away.
Thou dyd not remembre, false heretyke,
One God, one fayth, and one kynge catholyke,
For thou hast bene so long a scysmatyke.
Synge trolle on away.
Thou woldyst not learne to knowe these thre;
But euer was full of iniquite:
Wherfore all this lande hathe ben troubled with the.
Synge trolle on away.
All they, that were of the new trycke,
Agaynst the churche thou baddest them stycke;
Wherfore nowe thou hast touchyd the quycke.
Synge trolle on away.
Both sacramentes and sacrementalles
Thou woldyst not suffre within thy walles;
Nor let vs praye for all chrysten soules.
Synge trolle on away.
Of what generacyon thou were no tonge can tell,
Whyther of Chayme, or Syschemell,
Or else sent vs frome the deuyll of hell.
Synge trolle on away.
Thou woldest neuer to vertue applye,
But couetyd euer to clymme to hye,
And nowe haste thou trodden thy shoo awrye.
Synge trolle on away.
Who-so-euer dyd winne thou wolde not lose;
Wherfore all Englande doth hate the, as I suppose,
Bycause thou wast false to the redolent rose.
Synge trolle on away.
Thou myghtest have learned thy cloth to flocke
Upon thy gresy fullers stocke;
Wherfore lay downe thy heade vpon this blocke.
Synge trolle on away.
Yet saue that soule, that God hath bought,
And for thy carcas care thou nought,
Let it suffre payne, as it hath wrought.
Synge trolle on away.
God saue Kyng Henry with all his power,
And Prynce Edwarde, that goodly flower,
With al hys lordes of great honoure.
Synge trolle on away.
Hevye and how rombelowe trolle on awaye.There’s a wind up that licks like a flame,
And the sun is a porthole of hell.
Now evanish prim notions of shame,
And the craving to look rather well –
In pyjamas you’re never a swell,
And you’ve chosen some roomily made.
Oh! for ices these pangs to dispel –
It’s one hundred and nine in the shade!
We have limped in from tennis. That game ! –
I’d as soon with the damned where they dwell
Stoke a furnace and bathe in the same!
There’s no drink human craving to quell,
Not thin chablis nor sweet muscatel.
Never more shall we see, I’m afraid,
The cool shallows, the pale asphodel.
It’s one hundred and nine in the shade.
You recline an invertebrate frame
In the moisture your atoms expel,
‘Gainst the fates very feebly declaim,
All too limp to rise up and rebel.
Action flies and mosquitoes compel.
We make pitiful fight ‘gainst the raid
With a cloying and nauseous smell
In one hundred and nine in the shade.
ENVOY
Here might solids of Hamlet dispel.
Quick the answer to prayer that he prayed.
Human flesh turns to dew ‘neath the spell
Of one hundred and nine in the shade.The stag was very proud of his swiftness,
Of running ten miles in one breath,
And the wild boar was proud to be fierce,
And the sheep praised her woolly fleece,
And the horse its beauty, and the buck was proud
Of crossing the plain at a bound,
And the one proud of strength was the bull,
The ermine in having a furry skin;
And to them all he said from his shell:
'The snail will get to Easter just as soon.
What I see first are lions, leopards, bears,
Running the countryside, wolves and tigers
Under pursuit by greyhound and mastiff
And the shouts of men, so hated that if
They're caught each person will attack,
Because of the destruction of the flock;
They're thieves, treacherous and wicked,
And merciless, and for that detested.
Are they strong and fast? Good at a run?
The snail will get to Easter just as soon.
Many see him and the path he's on,
Enclosed in the shell he carries along,
They don't do him harm, they let him be,
And so he goes from week to week,
As many go in their own poor realm
Who live good lives in their simple gown,
And if the world gives them little at all,
They still go on with its good will.
And cow and calf have the meadow's run,
And the snail will get to Easter just as soon.
Prince, among the strong, the rich, the great
There's a lesson they rarely think about;
Their haste can't bring the future on:
The snail will get to Easter just as soon.In Antwerp, Bruges, Ostend and Ghent
I used to order food with flair,
But in every inn to which I went
They always brought me, with my fare,
With every roast and mutton dish,
With boar, with rabbit, pigeon, bustard,
With fresh and with salt-water fish,
Always, never asking, mustard.
I ordered herring, said I'd like
Carp for supper at the bar,
And called for simple boiled pike,
And two large sole, when I ate at Spa.
I ordered green sauce when in Brussels;
The waiter stared and looked disgusted;
The bus boy brought in with my mussels
As always, never asking, mustard.
I couldn't eat or drink without it.
They add it to the water they
Boil the fish in and-don't doubt it-
The drippings from the roast each day
Are tossed into a mustard vat
In which they're mixed, and then entrusted
To those who bring-they're trained at that-
Always, never asking, mustard.
Prince, it's clear a spice like clove
can drop its guard. It won't be busted.
There's just one thing these people serve:
Always, never asking, mustard.O Socratès plains de philosophie,
Seneque en meurs, Auglius en pratique,
Ovides grans en ta poëtrie,
Briés en parler, saiges en rethorique . . .
Grant translateur, noble Geoffrey Chaucier.
O Socrates, filled with philosophy,
Seneca in morals, Aulus Gellius in practice,
Great Ovid of your poetry,
Brief in speech, wise in rhetoric,
Most high eagle, who by your science
Enlumined the realm of Æneas.
The Isle of giants, of Brut, who has
Sown the flowers and planted the rose bower
For those ignorant of French,
Great translator, noble Geoffrey Chaucer.
You are the god of earthly love in Albion,
And of the Rose - in the Angelic land,
Which, from the Saxoness Angelica, has flourished
Into Angle-land, from her whose name is applied
As the last in this etymology -
You have translated in good English;
And a garden for which you ask for plants
From those who compose in order to be authorities,
You have long since created,
Great translator, noble Geoffrey Chaucer.
From you therefore, from the fountain of Helicon,
I have asked to have an authentic drink,
From the stream that is entirely in your power,
In order to quench my fevered thirst,
I who shall be shall be paralyzed in Gaul
Until you send to give me drink.
I am Eustaces; you shall have some of my plants;
Take in good grace these works of a schoolboy
Which you will recieve from me by Clifford,
Great translator, noble Geoffrey Chaucer.
L'envoyRome does right well to censure all the vain
Talk of Jansenius, and of them who preach
That earthly joys are damnable! 'Tis plain
We need not charge at Heaven as at a breach;
No, amble on! We'll gain it, one and all;
The narrow path's a dream fantastical,
And Arnauld's quite superfluously driven
Mirth from the world. We'll scale the heavenly wall,
Escobar makes a primrose path to heaven!
He does not hold a man may well be slain
Who vexes with unseasonable speech,
You MAY do murder for five ducats gain,
NOT for a pin, a ribbon, or a peach;
He ventures (most consistently) to teach
That there are certain cases that befall
When perjury need no good man appal,
And life of love (he says) may keep a leaven.
Sure, hearing this, a grateful world will bawl,
'Escobar makes a primrose path to heaven!'
'For God's sake read me somewhat in the strain
Of his most cheering volumes, I beseech!'
Why should I name them all? a mighty train -
So many, none may know the name of each.
Make these your compass to the heavenly beach,
These only in your library instal:
Burn Pascal and his fellows, great and small,
Dolts that in vain with Escobar have striven;
I tell you, and the common voice doth call,
Escobar makes a primrose path to heaven!
ENVOY.
SATAN, that pride did hurry to thy fall,
Thou porter of the grim infernal hall -
Thou keeper of the courts of souls unshriven!
To shun thy shafts, to 'scape thy hellish thrall,
Escobar makes a primrose path to heaven!This, no song of an ingénue,
This, no ballad of innocence;
This, the rhyme of a lady who
Followed ever her natural bents.
This, a solo of sapience,
This, a chantey of sophistry,
This, the sum of experiments, --
I loved them until they loved me.
Decked in garments of sable hue,
Daubed with ashes of myriad Lents,
Wearing shower bouquets of rue,
Walk I ever in penitence.
Oft I roam, as my heart repents,
Through God's acre of memory,
Marking stones, in my reverence,
"I loved them until they loved me."
Pictures pass me in long review,--
Marching columns of dead events.
I was tender, and, often, true;
Ever a prey to coincidence.
Always knew I the consequence;
Always saw what the end would be.
We're as Nature has made us -- hence
I loved them until they loved me.Laurasia and Gondwana pressed,
volcanic vents disgorged Earth's brew
and from the shallow sea a crest
of ragged, blackened islands grew.
Below the waves the sea's floor slew
and swallowed layers of ashy grist.
The mantle forged the mineral stew,
recrystallized Manhattan schist.
Green copper, gold capped, self-possessed,
crowned heads aloof in pallid blue.
Steel chests, attired in natty vests
attending street and avenue.
Art deco, choice of parvenu-
brass, nickel, chrome, aluminum twist.
Foundations; granite, concrete glue
recrystallized Manhattan schist.
September Central Park is dressed
in greens; oak, maple, elm and yew.
A bloated rain cloud bursts in jest
and hazed skyscrapers fade from view.
The washed rock outcrop's subtle hue-
eclectic greys blend amethyst
and glinting mica sparkles through
recrystallized Manhattan schist.
Beneath thin air where chaos blew,
the trace of lives in bronze persist
and trace of fragile bones imbue
recrystallized Manhattan schist.The wary suitor bows with care;
he’s mate or meat to a girl this size.
But no, she loved his aerial flair
so hawks unite with fluttered sighs.
They gather sticks, sing lullabies;
he hunts, she broods, he kills, she rips
and downy hatchlings harmonize
a charming woodland partnership.
The hummingbird male threads tunes through air
with breakneck, spread-tailed, pendulum dives.
She’s dazzled by his savoir-faire
and swift love ends with swift goodbyes.
She gathers spiders’ webs and plies
a stretchy nest of soft leaf tips.
While wings and heartbeats race, time flies
in charming woodland partnerships.
Her nest lies near a hawk pair’s lair.
When she’s away they’ll supervise
and she’s too fast for hawks to snare.
The hawks are sure to capitalize.
They see her eggs as merchandise
enticing jays to risk a trip.
Some odd bedfellows socialize
in charming woodland partnerships.
If prey eludes a hawk’s red eyes
or if a hummer’s vigil slips,
then hunger pangs can strain the ties
of charming woodland partnerships.(dedicated to Mr. Krystian Zimerman, a great pianist)
a rich ethnographic
a vaulted ceiling
ornate windows
carved glasses
colorful lace
floral patterns
folk embroidery
priceless codices
lyrical and dramatic
narrative qualities
contemplative
elegiaque
wh ite stones
wooden benches
decorated frescoes
an exquisite mansion
a chateau in your heart
soaring longing voice
conquer the anger
no more sadness
a love come true
hillside vineyards
melodious memories
excellent wines for lovers
(inspired by Pierre-Auguste Renoir's In the Garden)Pour courir en poste à la ville
Vingt fois, cent fois, ne sais combien ;
Pour faire quelque chose vile,
Frère Lubin le fera bien ;
Mais d'avoir honnête entretien
Ou mener vie salutaire,
C'est à faire à un bon chrétien,
Frère Lubin ne le peut faire.
Pour mettre, comme un homme habile
Le bien d'autrui avec le sien,
Et vous laisser sans croix ni pile,
Frère Lubin le fera bien :
On a beau dire, je le tien :
Et le presser de satisfaire,
Jamais ne vous en rendra rien,
Frère Lubin ne le peut faire.
Pour débaucher par un doux style
Quelque fille de bon maintien,
Point ne faut de vieille subtile,
Frère Lubin le fera bien.
Il prêche en théologien,
Mais pour boire de belle eau claire,
Faites-la boire à votre chien,
Frère Lubin ne le peut faire.
ENVOI
Pour faire plutôt mal que bien,
Frère Lubin le fera bien ;
Et si c'est quelque bonne affaire,
Frère Lubin ne le peut faire.La végétation, les marais et le sol
Ont fini d’éponger les larmes de la pluie ;
L’insecte reparaît, l’oiseau reprend son vol
Vers l’arbre échevelé que le zéphyr essuie,
Et l’horizon lointain perd sa couleur de suie.
Lors, voici qu’enjambant tout le coteau rouillé,
Irisant l’étang morne et le roc ennuyé,
S’arrondit au milieu d’un clair-obscur étrange
Le grand fer à cheval du firmament mouillé,
Bleu, rouge, indigo, vert, violet, jaune, orange.
Les champignons pointus gonflent leur parasol
Qui semble regretter l’averse évanouie ;
Le grillon chante en ut et la rainette en sol ;
Et mêlant à leur voix sa stupeur inouïe,
Le soir laisse rêver la terre épanouie.
Puis, sous l’arche de pont du ciel émerveillé
Un troupeau de brouillards passe tout effrayé ;
Le donjon se recule et de vapeur se frange,
Et le soleil vaincu meurt lentement noyé,
Bleu, rouge, indigo, vert, violet, jaune, orange.
Tandis que dans l’air pur grisant comme l’alcool
Montent l’âcre fraîcheur de la mare bleuie
Et les hennissements des poulains sans licol,
Le suprême sanglot de la lumière enfuie
Va s’exhaler au fond de la nue éblouie ;
Et sur l’eau que le saule a l’air de supplier,
Du cerisier sanglant à l’ocreux peuplier,
Dans une paix mystique et que rien ne dérange,
On voit s’effacer l’arc impossible à plier
Bleu, rouge, indigo, vert, violet, jaune, orange.Je viens de revoir le pays,
Le beau domaine imaginaire
Où des horizons éblouis
Me venaient des parfums exquis.
Ces parfums et cette lumière
Je ne les ai pas retrouvés.
Au château s’émiette la pierre.
L’herbe pousse entre les pavés.
La galerie où les amis
Venaient faire joyeuse chère
Abrite en ses lambris moisis
Cloportes et chauves-souris ;
L’ortie a tué jusqu’au lierre.
Les beaux lévriers sont crevés
Qui jappaient d’une voix si claire.
L’herbe pousse entre les pavés.
Tous les serments furent trahis.
Les souvenirs sont en poussière,
Les midis éteints et les nuits
Pleines de terreurs et de bruits.
Qui fut la châtelaine altière ?
Pastels que la pluie a lavés
Restez muets sur ce mystère.
L’herbe pousse entre les pavés.
ENVOI
Prince, à jamais faites-moi taire ;
Rasez tous ces murs excavés
Et semez du sel dans la terre.
L’herbe pousse entre les pavés.Bien qu'il ait l'âme sans rancune,
Pierrot dit en serrant le poing :
' Mais, sacrebleu, je n'ai nul point
De ressemblance avec la lune !
' Ô faux sosie aérien !
Mon nez s'effile, elle est camuse ;
Elle a l'air triste ! Je m'amuse
De tout, un peu, beaucoup, de rien.
' On la dit pâle ! Allons donc ! jaune !
Moi seul suis blanc comme les miss.
Elle est chaste autant qu'Artémis,
Je le suis aussi, comme un faune.
' N'importe ! Dès qu'elle a penché
Son front : ' Bonsoir, Pierrot céleste ! '
Dit l'un ; un autre dit : ' Ah ! peste !
' Pierrot, ce soir, a l'oeil poché. '...I am weary of lying within the chase
When the knights are meeting in market-place.
Nay, go not thou to the red-roofed town
Lest the hoofs of the war-horse tread thee down.
But I would not go where the Squires ride,
I would only walk by my Lady's side.
Alack! and alack! thou art overbold,
A Forester's son may not eat off gold.
Will she love me the less that my Father is seen
Each Martinmas day in a doublet green?
Perchance she is sewing at tapestrie,
Spindle and loom are not meet for thee.
Ah, if she is working the arras bright
I might ravel the threads by the fire-light.
Perchance she is hunting of the deer,
How could you follow o'er hill and mere?
Ah, if she is riding with the court,
I might run beside her and wind the morte.
Perchance she is kneeling in St. Denys,
(On her soul may our Lady have gramercy!)
Ah, if she is praying in lone chapelle,
I might swing the censer and ring the bell.
Come in, my son, for you look sae pale,
The father shall fill thee a stoup of ale.
But who are these knights in bright array?
Is it a pageant the rich folks play?
'T is the King of England from over sea,
Who has come unto visit our fair countrie.
But why does the curfew toll sae low?
And why do the mourners walk a-row?
O 't is Hugh of Amiens my sister's son
Who is lying stark, for his day is done.
Nay, nay, for I see white lilies clear,
It is no strong man who lies on the bier.
O 't is old Dame Jeannette that kept the hall,
I knew she would die at the autumn fall.
Dame Jeannette had not that gold-brown hair,
Old Jeannette was not a maiden fair.
O 't is none of our kith and none of our kin,
(Her soul may our Lady assoil from sin!)
But I hear the boy's voice chaunting sweet,
'Elle est morte, la Marguerite.'
Come in, my son, and lie on the bed,
And let the dead folk bury their dead.
O mother, you know I loved her true:
O mother, hath one grave room for two?(NORMANDE.)
I AM weary of lying within the chase
When the knights are meeting in market-place.
Nay, go not thou to the red-roofed town
Lest the hooves of the war-horse tread thee down.
But I would not go where the Squires ride,
I would only walk by my Lady's side.
Alack! and alack! thou art over bold,
A Forester's son may not eat off gold.
Will she love me the less that my Father is seen,
Each Martinmas day in a doublet green?
Perchance she is sewing at tapestrie,
Spindle and loom are not meet for thee.
Ah, if she is working the arras bright
I might ravel the threads by the fire-light.
Perchance she is hunting of the deer,
How could you follow o'er hill and meer?
Ah, if she is riding with the court,
I might run beside her and wind the morte.
Perchance she is kneeling in S. Denys,
(On her soul may our Lady have gramercy!)
Ah, if she is praying in lone chapelle,
I might swing the censer and ring the bell.
Come in my son, for you look sae pale,
The father shall fill thee a stoup of ale.
But who are these knights in bright array?
Is it a pageant the rich folks play?
'Tis the King of England from over sea,
Who has come unto visit our fair countrie.
But why does the curfew toll sae low
And why do the mourners walk a-row?
O 'tis Hugh of Amiens my sister's son
Who is lying stark, for his day is done.
Nay, nay, for I see white lilies clear,
It is no strong man who lies on the bier.
O 'tis old Dame Jeannette that kept the hall,
I knew she would die at the autumn fall.
Dame Jeannette had not that gold-brown hair,
Old Jeannette was not a maiden fair.
O 'tis none of our kith and none of our kin,
(Her soul may our Lady assoil from sin!)
But I hear the boy's voice chaunting sweet,
'Elle est morte, la Marguerite.'
Come in my son and lie on the bed,
And let the dead folk bury their dead.
O mother, you know I loved her true:
O mother, hath one grave room for two?Quand le soleil dessèche et mord le paysage,
On a l’œil ébloui par les bons lézards verts :
Ils vont, longue émeraude ayant corps et visage,
Sur les tas de cailloux, sur les rocs entr’ouverts,
Et sur les hauts talus que la mousse a couverts.
Ils sont stupéfiés par la température ;
Près d’eux, maint oiselet beau comme une peinture
File sur l’eau dormante et de mauvais conseil ;
Et le brin d’herbe étreint d’une frêle ceinture
Leurs petits flancs peureux qui tremblent au soleil.
Puis, ils gagnent après tous leurs circuits d’usage
Les abords des lavoirs toujours si pleins de vers ;
Aux grands arbres feuillus qui font le tamisage
De l’air en feu stagnant sur tant de points divers,
Ils préfèrent les houx chétifs et de travers.
Lazzaroni frileux des jardins sans culture,
Côtoyeurs du manoir et de la sépulture,
Ils s’avancent furtifs et toujours en éveil,
Dès qu’un zéphyr plus frais lèche par aventure
Leurs petits flancs peureux qui tremblent au soleil.
Par les chemins brûlés, avides d’arrosage,
Et dans les taillis bruns où cognent les piverts,
Ils s’approchent de l’homme, et leur aspect présage
Quelque apparition du reptile pervers
Qui s’enfle de poison pendant tous les hivers.
Un flot de vif-argent court dans leur ossature
Quand ils veulent s’enfuir ou bien chercher pâture ;
Mais parfois, aplatis dans un demi-sommeil,
Ils réchauffent longtemps, sans changer de posture,
Leurs petits flancs peureux qui tremblent au soleil.Qu’on vive dans les étincelles
Ou qu’on dorme sur le gazon
Au bruit des râteaux et des pelles,
On entend mâles et femelles
Prêtes à toute trahison,
Les personnes perpétuelles
Aiguisant leurs griffes cruelles,
Les personnes qui ont raison.
Elles rêvent (choses nouvelles !)
Le pistolet et le poison.
Elles ont des chants de crécelles
Elles n’ont rien dans leurs cervelles
Ni dans le coeur aucun tison,
Froissant les fleurs sous leurs semelles
Et courant des routes (lesquelles ?)
Les personnes qui ont raison.
Malgré tant d’injures mortelles
Les roses poussent à foison
Et les seins gonflent les dentelles
Et rose est encor l’horizon ;
Roses sont Marie et Suzon !
Mais, les autres, que veulent-elles ?
Elles ne sont vraiment pas belles,
Les personnes qui ont raison.
ENVOI
Prince, qui, gracieux, excelles
A nous tirer de la prison,
Chasse au loin par tes ritournelles
Les personnes qui ont raison.Tantôt plats et stagnants comme des étangs morts,
On les voit s'étaler en flocons immobiles
Ou ramper dans l’azur ainsi que des remords ;
Tantôt comme un troupeau fuyard de bêtes viles,
Ils courent sur les bois, les ravins et les villes ;
Et l’arbre extasié tout près de s’assoupir,
Et les toits exhalant leur vaporeux soupir
Qui les rejoint dans une ascension ravie,
Regardent tour à tour voyager et croupir
Les nuages qui sont l’emblème de la vie.
Plafonds chers aux corbeaux diseurs de mauvais sorts,
Ils blessent l’œil de l’homme et des oiseaux serviles,
Mais les aigles hautains prennent de longs essors
Vers eux, les maëlstroms, les écueils et les îles
D’océans suspendus dans les hauteurs tranquilles.
Après que la rafale a cessé de glapir,
Ils reviennent, ayant pour berger le zéphyr
Qui les laisse rôder comme ils en ont envie,
Et l’aube ou le couchant se met à recrépir
Les nuages qui sont l’emblème de la vie.
Avec leurs gris, leurs bleus, leurs vermillons, leurs ors,
Ils figurent des sphinx, des monceaux de fossiles,
Des navires perdus, de magiques décors,
Et de grands moutons noirs et blancs, fiers et dociles,
Qui vaguent en broutant par des chemins faciles ;
Gros des orages sourds qui viennent s’y tapir,
Ils marchent lentement ou bien vont s’accroupir
Sur quelque montagne âpre et qu’on n’a pas gravie ;
Mais tout à coup le vent passe et fait déguerpir
Les nuages qui sont l’emblème de la vie.Where wide the forest bows are spread,
Where Flora wakes with sylph and fay,
Are crowns and garlands of men dead,
All golden in the morning gay;
Within this ancient garden gray
Are clusters such as no man knows,
Where Moor and Soldan bear the sway:
_This is King Louis's orchard close_!
These wretched folk wave overhead,
With such strange thoughts as none may say;
A moment still, then sudden sped,
They swing in a ring and waste away.
The morning smites them with her ray;
They toss with every breeze that blows,
They dance where fires of dawning play:
_This is King Louis's orchard close_!
All hanged and dead, they've summoned
(With Hell to aid, that hears them pray)
New legions of an army dread.
Now down the blue sky flames the day;
The dew dies off; the foul array
Of obscene ravens gathers and goes,
With wings that flap and beaks that flay:
_This is King Louis's orchard close_!
ENVOI
Prince, where leaves murmur of the May,
A tree of bitter clusters grows;
The bodies of men dead are they!
_This is King Louis's orchard close_!Où trouver la côte et la mer
Groënland, Afrique, Islande, Espagne,
Où je pourrais m’en aller fier,
Moi qui n’ai pas trouvé mon pair ?
J’ai la misère pour compagne
Et dans l’appartement désert
On n’entend pas un souffle d’air.
Les souris sont à la campagne.
Mais par ce temps de pain très cher
Où l’on perd le beurre qu’on gagne,
Malgré qu’il fasse rose et clair,
On me donne un conseil d’hiver :
» Allez-vous-en sur la montagne
Vous vivrez d’un rien dans l’éther.  »
Je pars, quittant le monde amer,
Les souris sont à la campagne.
Et je devrais, chaussé de vair
Comme l’empereur Charlemagne,
Mener le monde avec du fer,
Riant du ciel et de l’enfer
Et de la prison, et du bagne
Et du cimetière et du ver,
Ayant sous le front un éclair,
Les souris sont à la campagne.
Malgré les vents Borée, Auster,
Chaste Muse, ôte un peu ton pagne,
Livre-moi librement ta chair.
Les souris sont à la campagne.I'm dying of thirst beside the fountain,
Hot as fire, and with chattering teeth:
In my own land, I'm in a far domain:
Near the flame, I shiver beyond belief:
Bare as a worm, dressed in a furry sheathe,
I smile in tears, wait without expectation:
Taking my comfort in sad desperation:
I rejoice, without pleasures, never a one:
Strong I am, without power or persuasion,
Welcomed gladly, and spurned by everyone.
Nothing is sure for me but what's uncertain:
Obscure, whatever is plainly clear to see:
I've no doubt, except of everything certain:
Science is what happens accidentally:
I win it all, yet a loser I'm bound to be:
Saying: ‘God give you good even!' at dawn,
I greatly fear I'm falling, when lying down:
I've plenty, yet I've not one possession,
I wait to inherit, yet I'm no heir I own,
Welcomed gladly, and spurned by everyone.
I never take care, yet I've taken great pain
To acquire some goods, but have none by me:
Who's nice to me is one I hate: it's plain,
And who speaks truth deals with me most falsely:
He's my friend who can make me believe
A white swan is the blackest crow I've known:
Who thinks he's power to help me, does me harm:
Lies, truth, to me are all one under the sun:
I remember all, have the wisdom of a stone,
Welcomed gladly, and spurned by everyone.
Merciful Prince, may it please you that I've shown
There's much I know, yet without sense or reason:
I'm partial, yet I hold with all men, in common.
What more can I do? Redeem what I've in pawn,
Welcomed gladly, and spurned by everyone.Have pity now, have pity now on me,
If you at least would, friends of mine.
I'm in the depths, not holly or may,
In exile, where I've been consigned
By Fortune, as God too has designed.
Girls, lovers, youngsters, fresh to hand,
Dancers, tumblers that leap like lambs,
Agile as arrows, like shots from a cannon,
Throats tinkling, clear as bells on rams,
Will you leave him here, your poor old Villon?
Singers, singing in lawless freedom,
Jokers, pleasant in word and deed,
Run free of false gold, alloy, come,
Men of wit - somewhat deaf indeed -
Hurry, be quick now, he's dying poor man.
Makers of lays, motets and rondeaux,
Will you bring him warmth when he's down below?
No lightning or storm reach where he's gone.
With these thick walls they've blinded him so.
Will you leave him here, your poor old Villon?
Come see him here, in his piteous plight,
Noblemen, free of tax and tithe,
Holding nothing by king or emperor's right,
But by grace of the God of Paradise.
Sundays and Tuesdays he fasts and sighs,
His teeth are as sharp as the rats' below,
After dry bread, and no gateaux,
Water for soup that floats his guts along.
With no table or chair, he's lying low.
Will you leave him here, your poor old Villon?
Princes of note, old, new, don't fail:
Beg the king's pardon for me, and seal,
And a basket to raise me, I'll sit upon:
So pigs behave, to each other, they say,
When one pig squeals, all rush that way.
Will you leave him here, your poor old Villon?Within a stalk of fennel hid,
Prometheus took fire for
some poor ancestral hominid,
infuriating Zeus in lore.
Our forbears lived by nature's law
and myth to truth is paradox,
yet when they cooked their food from raw,
they travelled paths unorthodox.
Zeus fashioned clay in counterbid,
first woman, cursed with moral flaw.
Pandora batted sweet eyelid,
Prometheus refused, wherefore
Zeus chained him, while an eagle tore
his liver flayed upon the rocks.
When Titan sought mankind's rapport,
he travelled paths unorthodox.
Zeus gave a jar and then forbid,
Pandora look into it's maw.
Of course, she peeked inside the lid
and helpless, watched the ills outpour.
Does hope remain for us in store?
the vessel, be it jar or box.
When prying led her to explore,
she travelled paths unorthodox.
Shall we live happy evermore?
our bodies shaped by boon and pox.
Will future beings add encore?
They travelled paths unorthodox.Fountains that frisk and sprinkle
The moss they overspill;
Pools that the breezes crinkle;
The wheel beside the mill,
With its wet, weedy frill;
Wind-shadows in the wheat;
A water-cart in the street;
The fringe of foam that girds
An islet's ferneries;
A green sky's minor thirds -
To live, I think of these!
Of ice and glass the tinkle,
Pellucid, silver-shrill;
Peaches without a wrinkle;
Cherries and snow at will,
From china bowls that fill
The senses with a sweet
Incuriousness of heat;
A melon's dripping sherds;
Cream-clotted strawberries;
Dusk dairies set with curds -
To live, I think of these!
Vale-lily and periwinkle;
Wet stone-crop on the sill;
The look of leaves a-twinkle
With windlets clear and still;
The feel of a forest rill
That wimples fresh and fleet
About one's naked feet;
The muzzles of drinking herds;
Lush flags and bulrushes;
The chirp of rain-bound birds -
To live, I think of these!
Envoy
Dark aisles, new packs of cards,
Mermaidens' tails, cool swards,
Dawn dews and starlit seas,
White marbles, whiter words -
To live, I think of these!The big, red-house is bare and lone
The stony garden waste and sere
With blight of breezes ocean blown
To pinch the wakening of the year;
My kindly friends with busy cheer
My wretchedness could plainly show.
They tell me I am lonely here—
What do they know? What do they know?
They think that while the gables moan
And easements creak in winter drear
I should be piteously alone
Without the speech of comrades dear;
And friendly for my sake they fear,
It grieves them thinking of me so
While all their happy life is near—
What do they know? What do they know?
That I have seen the Dagda’s throne
In sunny lands without a tear
And found a forest all my own
To ward with magic shield and spear,
Where, through the stately towers I rear
For my desire, around me go
Immortal shapes of beauty clear:
They do not know, they do not know.
L’ENVOI
The friends I have without a peer
Beyond the western ocean’s glow,
Whither the faerie galleys steer,
They do not know: how should they know?There's little to have but the things I had,
There's little to bear but the things I bore.
There's nothing to carry and naught to add,
And glory to Heaven, I paid the score.
There's little to do but I did before,
There's little to learn but the things I know;
And this is the sum of a lasting lore:
Scratch a lover, and find a foe.
And couldn't it be I was young and mad
If ever my heart on my sleeve I wore?
There's many to claw at a heart unclad,
And little the wonder it ripped and tore.
There's one that'll join in their push and roar,
With stories to jabber, and stones to throw;
He'll fetch you a lesson that costs you sore:
Scratch a lover, and find a foe.
So little I'll offer to you, my lad;
It's little in loving I set my store.
There's many a maid would be flushed and glad,
And better you'll knock at a kindlier door.
I'll dig at my lettuce, and sweep my floor,
Forever, forever I'm done with woe.
And happen I'll whistle about my chore,
"Scratch a lover, and find a foe."
L'ENVOI
Oh, beggar or prince, no more, no more!
Be off and away with your strut and show.
The sweeter the apple, the blacker the core:
Scratch a lover, and find a foe!He comes; I hear him up the street--
Bird of ill omen, flapping wide
The pinion of a printed sheet,
His hoarse note scares the eventide.
Of slaughter, theft, and suicide
He is the herald and the friend;
Now he vociferates with pride--
A double murder in Mile End!
A hanging to his soul is sweet;
His gloating fancy's fain to bide
Where human-freighted vessels meet,
And misdirected trains collide.
With Shocking Accidents supplied,
He tramps the town from end to end.
How often have we heard it cried--
A double murder in Mile End.
War loves he; victory or defeat,
So there be loss on either side.
His tale of horrors incomplete,
Imagination's aid is tried.
Since no distinguished man has died,
And since the Fates, relenting, send
No great catastrophe, he's spied
This double murder in Mile End.
Fiend, get thee gone! no more repeat
Those sounds which do mine ears offend.
It is apocryphal, you cheat,
Your double murder in Mile End.Daily I listen to wonder and woe,
Nightly I hearken to knave or to ace,
Telling me stories of lava and snow,
Delicate fables of ribbon and lace,
Tales of the quarry, the kill, the chase,
Longer than heaven and duller than hell-
Never you blame me, who cry my case:
"Poets alone should kiss and tell!"
Dumbly I hear what I never should know,
Gently I counsel of pride and of grace;
Into minutiae gayly they go,
Telling the name and the time and the place.
Cede them your silence and grant them space-
Who tenders an inch shall be raped of an ell!
Sympathy's ever the boaster's brace;
Poets alone should kiss and tell.
Why am I tithed what I never did owe?
Choked with vicarious saffron and mace?
Weary my lids, and my fingers are slow-
Gentlemen, damn you, you've halted my pace.
Only the lads of the cursed race,
Only the knights of the desolate spell,
May point me the lines the blood-drops trace-
Poets alone should kiss and tell.
L'ENVOI
Prince or commoner, tenor or bass,
Painter or plumber or never-do-well,
Do me a favor and shut your face
Poets alone should kiss and tell.Was I a Samurai renowned,
Two-sworded, fierce, immense of bow?
A histrion angular and profound?
A priest? a porter?--Child, although
I have forgotten clean, I know
That in the shade of Fujisan,
What time the cherry-orchards blow,
I loved you once in old Japan.
As here you loiter, flowing-gowned
And hugely sashed, with pins a-row
Your quaint head as with flamelets crowned,
Demure, inviting--even so,
When merry maids in Miyako
To feel the sweet o' the year began,
And green gardens to overflow,
I loved you once in old Japan.
Clear shine the hills; the rice-fields round
Two cranes are circling; sleepy and slow,
A blue canal the lake's blue bound
Breaks at the bamboo bridge; and lo!
Touched with the sundown's spirit and glow,
I see you turn, with flirted fan,
Against the plum-tree's bloomy snow . . .
I loved you once in old Japan!
Envoy
Dear, 'twas a dozen lives ago;
But that I was a lucky man
The Toyokuni here will show:
I loved you--once--in old Japan.Not Jason nor Medea wise,
I crave to see, nor win much lore,
Nor list to Orpheus' minstrelsies;
Nor Her'cles would I see, that o'er
The wide world roamed from shore to shore;
Nor, by St. James, Penelope, -
Nor pure Lucrece, such wrong that bore:
To see my Love suffices me!
Virgil and Cato, no man vies
With them in wealth of clerkly store;
I would not see them with mine eyes;
Nor him that sailed, sans sail nor oar,
Across the barren sea and hoar,
And all for love of his ladye;
Nor pearl nor sapphire takes me more:
To see my Love suffices me!
I heed not Pegasus, that flies
As swift as shafts the bowmen pour;
Nor famed Pygmalion's artifice,
Whereof the like was ne'er before;
Nor Oleus, that drank of yore
The salt wave of the whole great sea:
Why? dost thou ask? 'Tis as I swore -
To see my Love suffices me!"To see my love suffices me."
--Ballades in Blue China.
Some men to carriages aspire;
On some the costly hansoms wait;
Some seek a fly, on job or hire;
Some mount the trotting steed, elate.
I envy not the rich and great,
A wandering minstrel, poor and free,
I am contented with my fate --
An omnibus suffices me.
In winter days of rain and mire
I find within a corner strait;
The 'busmen know me and my lyre
From Brompton to the Bull-and-Gate.
When summer comes, I mount in state
The topmost summit, whence I see
Crœsus look up, compassionate --
An omnibus suffices me.
I mark, untroubled by desire,
Lucullus' phaeton and its freight.
The scene whereof I cannot tire,
The human tale of love and hate,
The city pageant, early and late
Unfolds itself, rolls by, to be
A pleasure deep and delicate.
An omnibus suffices me.
Princess, your splendour you require,
I, my simplicity; agree
Neither to rate lower nor higher.
An omnibus suffices me.AFTER HENLEY
Where are the wheezes they essayed
And where the smiles they made to flow?
Where's Caron's seltzer siphon laid,
A squirt from which laid Herbert low?
Where's Charlie Case's comic woe
And Georgie Cohan's nasal drawl?
The afterpiece? The olio?
Into the night go one and all.
Where are the japeries, fresh or frayed,
That Fields and Lewis used to throw?
Where is the horn that Shepherd played?
The slide trombone that Wood would blow?
Amelia Glover's l.f. toe?
The Rays and their domestic brawl?
Bert Williams with "Oh, I Don't Know?"
Into the night go one and all.
Where's Lizzy Raymond, peppy jade?
The braggart Lew, the simple Joe?
And where the Irish servant maid
That Jimmie Russel used to show?
Ben Harney's where? And Artie Hall?
Nash Walker, Darktown's grandest beau?
Into the night go one and all.
L'ENVOI
Prince, though our children laugh "Ho! Ho!"
At us who gleefully would fall
For acts that played the Long Ago,
Into the night go one and all.Where smooth the southern waters run
By rustling leagues of poplars grey,
Beneath a veiled soft southern sun,
We wandered out of yesterday,
Went maying through that ancient May
Whose fallen flowers are fragrant yet,
And loitered by the fountain spray
With Aucassin and Nicolette.
The grass-grown paths are trod of none
Where through the woods they went astray.
The spider's traceries are spun
Across the darkling forest way.
There come no knights that ride to slay,
No pilgrims through the grasses wet,
No shepherd lads that sang their say
With Aucassin and Nicolette!
'Twas here by Nicolette begun
Her bower of boughs and grasses gay;
'Scaped from the cell of marble dun
'Twas here the lover found the fay,
Ah, lovers fond! ah, foolish play!
How hard we find it to forget
Who fain would dwell with them as they,
With Aucassin and Nicolette.
ENVOY.
Prince, 'tis a melancholy lay!
For youth, for love we both regret.
How fair they seem, how far away,
With Aucassin and Nicolette!We built a castle in the air,
In summer weather, you and I,
The wind and sun were in your hair, -
Gold hair against a sapphire sky:
When Autumn came, with leaves that fly
Before the storm, across the plain,
You fled from me, with scarce a sigh -
My Love returns no more again!
The windy lights of Autumn flare:
I watch the moonlit sails go by;
I marvel how men toil and fare,
The weary business that they ply!
Their voyaging is vanity,
And fairy gold is all their gain,
And all the winds of winter cry,
'My Love returns no more again!'
Here, in my castle of Despair,
I sit alone with memory;
The wind-fed wolf has left his lair,
To keep the outcast company.
The brooding owl he hoots hard by,
The hare shall kindle on thy hearth-stane,
The Rhymer's soothest prophecy,--
My Love returns no more again!
ENVOY.
Lady, my home until I die
Is here, where youth and hope were slain:
They flit, the ghosts of our July,
My Love returns no more again!Who have loved and ceased to love, forget
That ever they loved in their lives, they say;
Only remember the fever and fret,
And the pain of Love, that was all his pay;
All the delight of him passes away
From hearts that hoped, and from lips that met -
Too late did I love you, my love, and yet
I shall never forget till my dying day.
Too late were we 'ware of the secret net
That meshes the feet in the flowers that stray;
There were we taken and snared, Lisette,
In the dungeon of La Fausse Amistie;
Help was there none in the wide world's fray,
Joy was there none in the gift and the debt;
Too late we knew it, too long regret -
I shall never forget till my dying day!
We must live our lives, though the sun be set,
Must meet in the masque where parts we play,
Must cross in the maze of Life's minuet;
Our yea is yea, and our nay is nay:
But while snows of winter or flowers of May
Are the sad year's shroud or coronet,
In the season of rose or of violet,
I shall never forget till my dying day!
ENVOY.
Queen, when the clay is my coverlet,
When I am dead, and when you are grey,
Vow, where the grass of the grave is wet,
'I shall never forget till my dying day!'Ye giant shades of RA and TUM,
Ye ghosts of gods Egyptian,
If murmurs of our planet come
To exiles in the precincts wan
Where, fetish or Olympian,
To help or harm no more ye list,
Look down, if look ye may, and scan
This monument in London mist!
Behold, the hieroglyphs are dumb
That once were read of him that ran
When seistron, cymbal, trump, and drum
Wild music of the Bull began;
When through the chanting priestly clan
Walk'd Ramses, and the high sun kiss'd
This stone, with blessing scored and ban -
This monument in London mist.
The stone endures though gods be numb;
Though human effort, plot, and plan
Be sifted, drifted, like the sum
Of sands in wastes Arabian.
What king may deem him more than man,
What priest says Faith can Time resist
While THIS endures to mark their span -
This monument in London mist?
ENVOY.
Prince, the stone's shade on your divan
Falls; it is longer than ye wist:
It preaches, as Time's gnomon can,
This monument in London mist!Where are the passions they essayed,
And where the tears they made to flow?
Where the wild humours they portrayed
For laughing worlds to see and know?
Othello's wrath and Juliet's woe?
Sir Peter's whims and Timon's gall?
And Millamant and Romeo?
Into the night go one and all.
Where are the braveries, fresh or frayed?
The plumes, the armours -- friend and foe?
The cloth of gold, the rare brocade,
The mantles glittering to and fro?
The pomp, the pride, the royal show?
The cries of war and festival?
The youth, the grace, the charm, the glow?
Into the night go one and all.
The curtain falls, the play is played:
The Beggar packs beside the Beau;
The Monarch troops, and troops the Maid;
The Thunder huddles with the Snow.
Where are the revellers high and low?
The clashing swords? The lover's call?
The dancers gleaming row on row?
Into the night go one and all.Nay, tell me now in what strange air
The Roman Flora dwells to-day.
Where Archippiada hides, and where
Beautiful Thais has passed away?
Whence answers Echo, afield, astray,
By mere or stream,--around, below?
Lovelier she than a woman of clay;
Nay, but where is the last year's snow?
Where is wise Heloise, that care
Brought on Abeilard, and dismay?
All for her love he found a snare,
A maimed poor monk in orders grey;
And where's the Queen who willed to slay
Buridan, that in a sack must go
Afloat down Seine,--a perilous way -
Nay, but where is the last year's snow?
Where's that White Queen, a lily rare,
With her sweet song, the Siren's lay?
Where's Bertha Broad-foot, Beatrice fair?
Alys and Ermengarde, where are they?
Good Joan, whom English did betray
In Rouen town, and burned her? No,
Maiden and Queen, no man may say;
Nay, but where is the last year's snow?
ENVOY.
Prince, all this week thou need'st not pray,
Nor yet this year the thing to know.
One burden answers, ever and aye,
'Nay, but where is the last year's snow?'Tell me ye King-craft of to-day
Where is Athens, who made men free;
Then sank into stupor by the way,
Subdued by the Spartan tyranny?
And Rome that staggered to death, perdie,
Stabbed by the sword of Hannibal,
And bled by patrician infamy --
The Dragon of Greed destroyed them all!
Cleon and Pericles held sway
O'er the foes of Greek democracy.
The Gracchi brothers struggled to stay
The stress of the Ceasars' stern decree.
And look at Rienzi's passion, he
Who strove the republic to recall!
Slain at last for his perfidy --
The Dragon of Greed destroyed them all!
What of Florence and Venice, say?
And the Netherlands that ruled the sea?
And Cromwell's England more strong than they
Which banished the throne and the bended knee?
Yes, and Savonarola's plea,
And William of Orange's rise and fall?
Yea, though they labored for you and me --
The Dragon of Greed destroyed them all!
ENVOY.
Prince! 'tis the year of your jubilee,
The great republic is in your thrall.
And who will restore her armory?--
The Dragon of Greed destroyed them all!Here stand my books, line upon line
They reach the roof, and row by row,
They speak of faded tastes of mine,
And things I did, but do not, know:
Old school books, useless long ago,
Old Logics, where the spirit, railed in,
Could scarcely answer 'yes' or 'no' -
The many things I've tried and failed in!
Here's Villon, in morocco fine,
(The Poet starved, in mud and snow,)
Glatigny does not crave to dine,
And Rene's tears forget to flow.
And here's a work by Mrs. Crowe,
With hosts of ghosts and bogies jailed in;
Ah, all my ghosts have gone below -
The many things I've tried and failed in!
He's touched, this mouldy Greek divine,
The Princess D'Este's hand of snow;
And here the arms of D'Hoym shine,
And there's a tear-bestained Rousseau:
Here's Carlyle shrieking 'woe on woe'
(The first edition, this, he wailed in);
I once believed in him--but oh,
The many things I've tried and failed in!
ENVOY.
Prince, tastes may differ; mine and thine
Quite other balances are scaled in;
May you succeed, though I repine -
'The many things I've tried and failed in!'With a ripple of leaves and a tinkle of streams
The full world rolls in a rhythm of praise,
And the winds are one with the clouds and beams -
Midsummer days! Midsummer days!
The dusk grows vast; in a purple haze,
While the West from a rapture of sunset rights,
Faint stars their exquisite lamps upraise -
Midsummer nights! O midsummer nights!
The wood's green heart is a nest of dreams,
The lush grass thickens and springs and sways,
The rathe wheat rustles, the landscape gleams -
Midsummer days! Midsummer days!
In the stilly fields, in the stilly ways,
All secret shadows and mystic lights,
Late lovers murmur and linger and gaze -
Midsummer nights! O midsummer nights!
There's a music of bells from the trampling teams,
Wild skylarks hover, the gorses blaze,
The rich, ripe rose as with incense steams -
Midsummer days! Midsummer days!
A soul from the honeysuckle strays,
And the nightingale as from prophet heights
Sings to the Earth of her million Mays -
Midsummer nights! O midsummer nights!
Envoy
And it's O, for my dear and the charm that stays -
Midsummer days! Midsummer days!
It's O, for my Love and the dark that plights -
Midsummer nights! O midsummer nights!My reading is extremely deep and wide;
And as our modern education goes—
Unique I think, and skilfully applied
To Art and Industry and Autres Choses
Through many years of scholarly repose.
But there is one thing where I disappoint
My numerous admirers (and my foes).
Painting on Vellum is my weakest point.
I ride superbly. When I say I 'ride'
The word's too feeble. I am one of those
That dominate a horse. It is my pride
To tame the fiercest with tremendous blows
Of heel and knee. The while my handling shows
Such lightness as a lady's. But Aroint
Thee! Human frailty with thy secret woes!
Painting on Vellum is my weakest point.
Painting on Vellum: not on silk or hide
Or ordinary Canvas: I suppose
No painter of the present day has tried
So many mediums with success, or knows
As well as I do how the subject grows
Beneath the hands of genius, that anoint
With balm. But I have something to disclose—
Painting on Vellum is my weakest point.
Envoi
Prince! do not let your Nose, your royal Nose,
Your large imperial Nose get out of Joint.
For though you cannot touch my golden Prose,
Painting on Vellum is my weakest point.Squire Adam had two wives, they say,
Two wives had he, for his delight,
He kissed and clypt them all the day
And clypt and kissed them all the night.
Now Eve like ocean foam was white
And Lilith roses dipped in wine,
But though they were a goodly sight
No lady is so fair as mine.
To Venus some folk tribute pay
And Queen of Beauty she is hight,
And Sainte Marie the world doth sway
In cerule napery bedight.
My wonderment these twain invite,
Their comeliness it is divine,
And yet I say in their despite,
No lady is so fair as mine.
Dame Helen caused a grievous fray,
For love of her brave men did fight,
The eyes of her made sages fey
And put their hearts in woeful plight.
To her no rhymes will I indite,
For her no garlands will I twine,
Though she be made of flowers and light
No lady is so fair as mine.
L'Envoi
Prince Eros, Lord of lovely might,
Who on Olympus dost recline,
Do I not tell the truth aright?
No lady is so fair as mine.LA COUR.
When these Old Plays were new, the King,
Beside the Cardinal's chair,
Applauded, 'mid the courtly ring,
The verses of Moliere;
Point-lace was then the only wear,
Old Corneille came to woo,
And bright Du Parc was young and fair,
When these Old Plays were new!
LA COMEDIE.
How shrill the butcher's cat-calls ring,
How loud the lackeys swear!
Black pipe-bowls on the stage they fling,
At Brecourt, fuming there!
The Porter's stabbed! a Mousquetaire
Breaks in with noisy crew -
'Twas all a commonplace affair
When these Old Plays were new!
LA VILLE.
When these Old Plays were new! They bring
A host of phantoms rare:
Old jests that float, old jibes that sting,
Old faces peaked with care:
Menage's smirk, de Vise's stare,
The thefts of Jean Ribou,--
Ah, publishers were hard to bear
When these Old Plays were new.
ENVOY.
Ghosts, at your Poet's word ye dare
To break Death's dungeons through,
And frisk, as in that golden air,
When these Old Plays were new!The modish Airs,
The Tansey Brew,
The SWAINS and FAIRS
In curtained Pew;
Nymphs KNELLER drew,
Books BENTLEY read, -
Who knows them, who?
QUEEN ANNE is dead!
We buy her Chairs,
Her China blue,
Her red-brick Squares
We build anew;
But ah! we rue,
When all is said,
The tale o'er-true,
QUEEN ANNE is dead!
Now BULLS and BEARS,
A ruffling Crew,
With Stocks and Shares,
With Turk and Jew,
Go bubbling through
The Town ill-bred:
The World's askew,
QUEEN ANNE is dead!
ENVOY.
Friend, praise the new;
The old is fled:
Vivat FROU-FROU!
QUEEN ANNE is dead!This life--one was thinking to-day,
In the midst of a medley of fancies -
Is a game, and the board where we play
Green earth with her poppies and pansies.
Let manque be faded romances,
Be passe remorse and regret;
Hearts dance with the wheel as it dances -
The wheel of Dame Fortune's roulette.
The lover will stake as he may
His heart on his Peggies and Nancies;
The girl has her beauty to lay;
The saint has his prayers and his trances;
The poet bets endless expanses
In Dreamland; the scamp has his debt:
How they gaze at the wheel as it glances -
The wheel of Dame Fortune's roulette!
The Kaiser will stake his array
Of sabres, of Krupps, and of lances;
An Englishman punts with his pay,
And glory the jeton of France is;
Your artists, or Whistlers or Vances,
Have voices or colours to bet;
Will you moan that its motion askance is -
The wheel of Dame Fortune's roulette?
ENVOY.
The prize that the pleasure enhances?
The prize is--at last to forget
The changes, the chops, and the chances -
The wheel of Dame Fortune's roulette.The hours are passing slow,
I hear their weary tread
Clang from the tower, and go
Back to their kinsfolk dead.
Sleep! death's twin brother dread!
Why dost thou scorn me so?
The wind's voice overhead
Long wakeful here I know,
And music from the steep
Where waters fall and flow.
Wilt thou not hear sue, Sleep?
All sounds that might bestow
Rest on the fever'd bed,
All slumb'rous sounds and low
Are mingled here and wed,
And bring no drowsihed.
Shy dreams flit to and fro
With shadowy hair dispread;
With wistful eyes that glow,
And silent robes that sweep.
Thou wilt not hear me; no?
Wilt thou not hear me, Sleep?
What cause hast thou to show
Of sacrifice unsped?
Of all thy slaves below
I most have laboured
With service sung and said;
Have cull'd such buds as blow,
Soft poppies white and red,
Where thy still gardens grow,
And Lethe's waters weep.
Why, then, art thou my foe?
Wilt thou not hear me, Sleep?
ENVOY.
Prince, ere the dark be shred
By golden shafts, ere now
And long the shadows creep:
Lord of the wand of lead,
Soft-footed as the snow,
Wilt thou not hear me, Sleep!Sweet summer is gone; they have laid her away-
The last sad hours that were touched with her grace-
In the hush where the ghosts of the dead flowers play;
The sleep that is sweet of her slumbering space
Let not a sight or a sound erase
Of the woe that hath fallen on all the lands:
Gather, ye dreams, to her sunny face,
Shadow her head with your golden hands.
The woods that are golden and red for a day
Girdle the hills in a jewelled case,
Like a girl's strange mirth, ere the quick death slay
The beautiful life that he hath in chase.
Darker and darker the shadows pace
Out of the north to the southern sands,
Ushers bearing the winter's mace:
Keep them away with your woven hands.
The yellow light lies on the wide wastes gray,
More bitter and cold than the winds that race,
From the skirts of the autumn, tearing away,
This way and that way, the woodland lace.
In the autumn's cheek is a hectic trace;
Behind her the ghost of the winter stands;
Sweet summer will moan in her soft gray place:
Mantle her head with your glowing hands.
Envoi.
Till the slayer be slain and the spring displace
The might of his arms with her rose-crowned bands,
Let her heart not gather a dream that is base:
Shadow her head with your golden hands.Far in the Past I peer, and see
A Child upon the Nursery floor,
A Child with books upon his knee,
Who asks, like Oliver, for more!
The number of his years is IV,
And yet in Letters hath he skill,
How deep he dives in Fairy-lore!
The Books I loved, I love them still!
One gift the Fairies gave me: (Three
They commonly bestowed of yore)
The Love of Books, the Golden Key
That opens the Enchanted Door;
Behind it BLUEBEARD lurks, and o'er
And o'er doth JACK his Giants kill,
And there is all ALADDIN'S store, -
The Books I loved, I love them still!
Take all, but leave my Books to me!
These heavy creels of old we bore
We fill not now, nor wander free,
Nor wear the heart that once we wore;
Not now each River seems to pour
His waters from the Muses' hill;
Though something's gone from stream and shore,
The Books I loved, I love them still!
ENVOY.
Fate, that art Queen by shore and sea,
We bow submissive to thy will,
Ah grant, by some benign decree,
The Books I loved--to love them still.When the Festal Board, as the papers say,
Groans 'neath the weight of a lot to eat,
At breakfast, Fruhstuck or dejeuner,
(As a bard tri-lingual I'm rather neat)
At breakfast, then, if I may repeat,
This is what gets me into a huff,
This is a query I cannot beat:
Why don't they ever have spoons enough?
I've broken my fast with the grave and gay,
With hoi polloi and with the elite;
I've been all over the U. S. A.
From Dorchester Crossing to Kearney Street.
But aye when I sit in the morning seat
Comes to my notice the self-same bluff,
Plenty of food, but in this they cheat:
Why don't they ever have spoons enough?
Take it at breakfast, only to-day:
This was the layout, fresh and sweet:
Canteloupe, sweet as the new-mown hay; [Footnote: And about as edible.]
Cereal-one of the brands[Footnote: To advertisers: This space for sale.]
of wheat;
Soft-boiled eggs (we've cut out the meat) :
Coffee (a claro-manila-buff) :
Napery, china, and glasses complete-
Why don't they ever have spoons enough?
L'ENVOI
Autocratesses, forgive my heat,
But isn't it time to change that stuff?
Small is the benison I entreat-
Why don't they ever have spoons enough?The dust of Carthage and the dust
Of Babel on the desert wold,
The loves of Corinth, and the lust,
Orchomenos increased with gold;
The town of Jason, over-bold,
And Cherson, smitten in her prime -
What are they but a dream half-told?
Where are the cities of old time?
In towns that were a kingdom's trust,
In dim Atlantic forests' fold,
The marble wasteth to a crust,
The granite crumbles into mould;
O'er these--left nameless from of old -
As over Shinar's brick and slime,
One vast forgetfulness is roll'd -
Where are the cities of old time?
The lapse of ages, and the rust,
The fire, the frost, the waters cold,
Efface the evil and the just;
From Thebes, that Eriphyle sold,
To drown'd Caer-Is, whose sweet bells toll'd
Beneath the wave a dreamy chime
That echo'd from the mountain-hold, -
'Where are the cities of old time?'
ENVOY.
Prince, all thy towns and cities must
Decay as these, till all their crime,
And mirth, and wealth, and toil are thrust
Where are the cities of old time.Swift as sound of music fled
When no more the organ sighs,
Sped as all old days are sped,
So your lips, love, and your eyes,
So your gentle-voiced replies
Mine one hour in sleep that seem,
Rise and flit when slumber flies,
Following darkness like a dream!
Like the scent from roses red,
Like the dawn from golden skies,
Like the semblance of the dead
From the living love that hies,
Like the shifting shade that lies
On the moonlight-silvered stream,
So you rise when dreams arise,
Following darkness like a dream!
Could some spell, or sung or said,
Could some kindly witch and wise,
Lull for aye this dreaming head
In a mist of memories,
I would lie like him who lies
Where the lights on Latmos gleam, -
Wake not, find not Paradise
Following darkness like a dream!
ENVOY.
Sleep, that giv'st what Life denies,
Shadowy bounties and supreme,
Bring the dearest face that flies
Following darkness like a dream!Still sing the mocking fairies, as of old,
Beneath the shade of thorn and holly-tree;
The west wind breathes upon them, pure and cold,
And wolves still dread Diana roaming free
In secret woodland with her company.
'Tis thought the peasants' hovels know her rite
When now the wolds are bathed in silver light,
And first the moonrise breaks the dusky grey,
Then down the dells, with blown soft hair and bright,
And through the dim wood Dian threads her way.
With water-weeds twined in their locks of gold
The strange cold forest-fairies dance in glee,
Sylphs over-timorous and over-bold
Haunt the dark hollows where the dwarf may be,
The wild red dwarf, the nixies' enemy;
Then 'mid their mirth, and laughter, and affright,
The sudden Goddess enters, tall and white,
With one long sigh for summers pass'd away;
The swift feet tear the ivy nets outright
And through the dim wood Dian threads her way.
She gleans her silvan trophies; down the wold
She hears the sobbing of the stags that flee
Mixed with the music of the hunting roll'd,
But her delight is all in archery,
And naught of ruth and pity wotteth she
More than her hounds that follow on the flight;
The goddess draws a golden bow of might
And thick she rains the gentle shafts that slay.
She tosses loose her locks upon the night,
And through the dim wood Dian threads her way.
ENVOY.
Prince, let us leave the din, the dust, the spite,
The gloom and glare of towns, the plague, the blight:
Amid the forest leaves and fountain spray
There is the mystic home of our delight,
And through the dim wood Dian threads her way.The man whom once, Melpomene,
Thou look'st on with benignant sight,
Shall never at the Isthmus be
A boxer eminent in fight,
Nor fares he foremost in the flight
Of Grecian cars to victory,
Nor goes with Delian laurels dight,
The man thou lov'st, Melpomene!
Not him the Capitol shall see,
As who hath crush'd the threats and might
Of monarchs, march triumphantly;
But Fame shall crown him, in his right
Of all the Roman lyre that smite
The first; so woods of Tivoli
Proclaim him, so her waters bright,
The man thou lov'st, Melpomene!
The sons of queenly Rome count ME,
Me too, with them whose chants delight, -
The poets' kindly company;
Now broken is the tooth of spite,
But thou, that temperest aright
The golden lyre, all, all to thee
He owes--life, fame, and fortune's height -
The man thou lov'st, Melpomene!
ENVOY.
Queen, that to mute lips could'st unite
The wild swan's dying melody!
Thy gifts, ah! how shall he requite -
The man thou lov'st, Melpomene?There are laddies will drive ye a ba'
To the burn frae the farthermost tee,
But ye mauna think driving is a',
Ye may heel her, and send her ajee,
Ye may land in the sand or the sea;
And ye're dune, sir, ye're no worth a preen,
Tak' the word that an auld man'll gie,
Tak' aye tent to be up on the green!
The auld folk are crouse, and they craw
That their putting is pawky and slee;
In a bunker they're nae gude ava',
But to girn, and to gar the sand flee.
And a lassie can putt--ony she, -
Be she Maggy, or Bessie, or Jean,
But a cleek-shot's the billy for me,
Tak' aye tent to be up on the green!
I hae play'd in the frost and the thaw,
I hae play'd since the year thirty-three,
I hae play'd in the rain and the snaw,
And I trust I may play till I dee;
And I tell ye the truth and nae lee,
For I speak o' the thing I hae seen -
Tom Morris, I ken, will agree -
Tak' aye tent to be up on the green!
ENVOY.
Prince, faith you're improving a wee,
And, Lord, man, they tell me you're keen;
Tak' the best o' advice that can be,
Tak' aye tent to be up on the green!Fair islands of the silver fleece,
Hoards of unsunned, uncounted gold,
Whose havens are the haunts of Peace,
Whose boys are in our quarrel bold;
OUR bolt is shot, our tale is told,
Our ship of state in storms may toss,
But ye are young if we are old,
Ye Islands of the Southern Cross!
Ay, WE must dwindle and decrease,
Such fates the ruthless years unfold;
And yet we shall not wholly cease,
We shall not perish unconsoled;
Nay, still shall Freedom keep her hold
Within the sea's inviolate fosse,
And boast her sons of English mould,
Ye Islands of the Southern Cross!
All empires tumble--Rome and Greece -
Their swords are rust, their altars cold!
For us, the Children of the Seas,
Who ruled where'er the waves have rolled,
For us, in Fortune's books enscrolled,
I read no runes of hopeless loss;
Nor--while YE last--our knell is tolled,
Ye Islands of the Southern Cross!
ENVOY.
Britannia, when thy hearth's a-cold,
When o'er thy grave has grown the moss,
Still Rule Australia shall be trolled
In Islands of the Southern Cross!When Lent and Responsions are ended,
When May with fritillaries waits,
When the flower of the chestnut is splendid,
When drags are at all of the gates
(Those drags the philosopher 'slates'
With a scorn that is truly sublime),
Life wins from the grasp of the Fates
Sweet hours and the fleetest of time!
When wickets are bowl'd and defended,
When Isis is glad with 'the Eights,'
When music and sunset are blended,
When Youth and the summer are mates,
When Freshmen are heedless of 'Greats,'
And when note-books are cover'd with rhyme,
Ah, these are the hours that one rates -
Sweet hours and the fleetest of time!
When the brow of the Dean is unbended
At luncheons and mild tete-a-tetes,
When the Tutor's in love, nor offended
By blunders in tenses or dates;
When bouquets are purchased of Bates,
When the bells in their melody chime,
When unheeded the Lecturer prates -
Sweet hours and the fleetest of time!
ENVOY.
Reformers of Schools and of States,
Is mirth so tremendous a crime?
Ah! spare what grim pedantry hates -
Sweet hours and the fleetest of time!Up goes the price of our bread--
Up goes the cost of our caking!
People must ever be fed;
Bakers must ever be baking.
So, though our nerves may be quaking,
Dumbly, in arrant despair,
Pay we the crowd that is taking
All that the traffic will bear.
Costly to sleep in a bed!
Costlier yet to be waking!
Costly for one who is wed!
Ruinous for one who is raking!
Tradespeople, ducking and draking,
Charge you as much as they dare,
Asking, without any faking,
All that the traffic will bear.
Roof that goes over our head,
Thirst so expensive for slaking,
Paper, apparel, and lead--
Why are their prices at breaking?
Yet, though our purses be aching,
Little the traffickers care;
Getting, for chopping and steaking,
All that the traffic will bear.
L'ENVOI
Take thou my verses, I pray, King,
Letting my guerdon be fair.
Even a bard must be making
All that the traffic will bear.The ferox rins in rough Loch Awe,
A weary cry frae ony toun;
The Spey, that loups o'er linn and fa',
They praise a' ither streams aboon;
They boast their braes o' bonny Doon:
Gie ME to hear the ringing reel,
Where shilfas sing, and cushats croon
By fair Tweed-side, at Ashiesteel!
There's Ettrick, Meggat, Ail, and a',
Where trout swim thick in May and June;
Ye'll see them take in showers o' snaw
Some blinking, cauldrife April noon:
Rax ower the palmer and march-broun,
And syne we'll show a bonny creel,
In spring or simmer, late or soon,
By fair Tweed-side, at Ashiesteel!
There's mony a water, great or sma',
Gaes singing in his siller tune,
Through glen and heugh, and hope and shaw,
Beneath the sun-licht or the moon:
But set us in our fishing-shoon
Between the Caddon-burn and Peel,
And syne we'll cross the heather broun
By fair Tweed-side at Ashiesteel!
ENVOY.
Deil take the dirty, trading loon
Wad gar the water ca' his wheel,
And drift his dyes and poisons doun
By fair Tweed-side at Ashiesteel!I know Cythera long is desolate;
I know the winds have stripp'd the gardens green.
Alas, my friends! beneath the fierce sun's weight
A barren reef lies where Love's flowers have been,
Nor ever lover on that coast is seen!
So be it, but we seek a fabled shore,
To lull our vague desires with mystic lore,
To wander where Love's labyrinths beguile;
There let us land, there dream for evermore:
'It may be we shall touch the happy isle.'
The sea may be our sepulchre. If Fate,
If tempests wreak their wrath on us, serene
We watch the bolt of heaven, and scorn the hate
Of angry gods that smite us in their spleen.
Perchance the jealous mists are but the screen
That veils the fairy coast we would explore.
Come, though the sea be vex'd, and breakers roar,
Come, for the air of this old world is vile,
Haste we, and toil, and faint not at the oar;
'It may be we shall touch the happy isle.'
Grey serpents trail in temples desecrate
Where Cypris smiled, the golden maid, the queen,
And ruined is the palace of our state;
But happy Loves flit round the mast, and keen
The shrill wind sings the silken cords between.
Heroes are we, with wearied hearts and sore,
Whose flower is faded and whose locks are hoar,
Yet haste, light skiffs, where myrtle thickets smile;
Love's panthers sleep 'mid roses, as of yore:
'It may be we shall touch the happy isle!'
ENVOY.
Sad eyes! the blue sea laughs, as heretofore.
Ah, singing birds your happy music pour!
Ah, poets, leave the sordid earth awhile;
Flit to these ancient gods we still adore:
'It may be we shall touch the happy isle!'While others are asking for beauty or fame,
Or praying to know that for which they should pray,
Or courting Queen Venus, that affable dame,
Or chasing the Muses the weary and grey,
The sage has found out a more excellent way -
To Pan and to Pallas his incense he showers,
And his humble petition puts up day by day,
For a house full of books, and a garden of flowers.
Inventors may bow to the God that is lame,
And crave from the fire on his stithy a ray;
Philosophers kneel to the God without name,
Like the people of Athens, agnostics are they;
The hunter a fawn to Diana will slay,
The maiden wild roses will wreathe for the Hours;
But the wise man will ask, ere libation he pay,
For a house full of books, and a garden of flowers.
Oh! grant me a life without pleasure or blame
(As mortals count pleasure who rush through their day
With a speed to which that of the tempest is tame)!
O grant me a house by the beach of a bay,
Where the waves can be surly in winter, and play
With the sea-weed in summer, ye bountiful powers!
And I'd leave all the hurry, the noise, and the fray,
For a house full of books, and a garden of flowers.
ENVOY.
Gods, grant or withhold it; your 'yea' and your 'nay'
Are immutable, heedless of outcry of ours:
But life IS worth living, and here we would stay
For a house full of books, and a garden of flowers.Gold or silver, every day,
Dies to gray.
There are knots in every skein.
Hours of work and hours of play
Fade away
Into one immense Inane.
Shadow and substance, chaff and grain,
Are as vain
As the foam or as the spray.
Life goes crooning, faint and fain,
One refrain:
'If it could be always May!'
Though the earth be green and gay,
Though, they say,
Man the cup of heaven may drain;
Though, his little world to sway,
He display
Hoard on hoard of pith and brain:
Autumn brings a mist and rain
That constrain
Him and his to know decay,
Where undimmed the lights that wane
Would remain,
If it could be always May.
YEA, alas, must turn to NAY,
Flesh to clay.
Chance and Time are ever twain.
Men may scoff, and men may pray,
But they pay
Every pleasure with a pain.
Life may soar, and Fortune deign
To explain
Where her prizes hide and stay;
But we lack the lusty train
We should gain,
If it could be always May.
Envoy
Time, the pedagogue, his cane
Might retain,
But his charges all would stray
Truanting in every lane -
Jack with Jane -
If it could be always May.Love is sharper than stones or sticks;
Lone as the sea, and deeper blue;
Loud in the night as a clock that ticks;
Longer-lived than the Wandering Jew.
Show me a love was done and through,
Tell me a kiss escaped its debt!
Son, to your death you'll pay your due-
Women and elephants never forget.
Ever a man, alas, would mix,
Ever a man, heigh-ho, must woo;
So he's left in the world-old fix,
Thus is furthered the sale of rue.
Son, your chances are thin and few-
Won't you ponder, before you're set?
Shoot if you must, but hold in view
Women and elephants never forget.
Down from Caesar past Joynson-Hicks
Echoes the warning, ever new:
Though they're trained to amusing tricks,
Gentler, they, than the pigeon's coo,
Careful, son, of the curs'ed two-
Either one is a dangerous pet;
Natural history proves it true-
Women and elephants never forget.
L'ENVOI
Prince, a precept I'd leave for you,
Coined in Eden, existing yet:
Skirt the parlor, and shun the zoo-
Women and elephants never forget.Money taketh town and wall,
Fort and ramp without a blow;
Money moves the merchants all,
While the tides shall ebb and flow;
Money maketh Evil show
Like the Good, and Truth like lies:
These alone can ne'er bestow
Youth, and health, and Paradise.
Money maketh festival,
Wine she buys, and beds can strow;
Round the necks of captains tall,
Money wins them chains to throw,
Marches soldiers to and fro,
Gaineth ladies with sweet eyes:
These alone can ne'er bestow
Youth, and health, and Paradise.
Money wins the priest his stall;
Money mitres buys, I trow,
Red hats for the Cardinal,
Abbeys for the novice low;
Money maketh sin as snow,
Place of penitence supplies:
These alone can ne'er bestow
Youth, and health, and Paradise.Spring at her height on a morn at prime,
Sails that laugh from a flying squall,
Pomp of harmony, rapture of rhyme -
Youth is the sign of them, one and all.
Winter sunsets and leaves that fall,
An empty flagon, a folded page,
A tumble-down wheel, a tattered ball -
These are a type of the world of Age.
Bells that clash in a gaudy chime,
Swords that clatter in onsets tall,
The words that ring and the fames that climb -
Youth is the sign of them, one and all.
Hymnals old in a dusty stall,
A bald, blind bird in a crazy cage,
The scene of a faded festival -
These are a type of the world of Age.
Hours that strut as the heirs of time,
Deeds whose rumour's a clarion-call,
Songs where the singers their souls sublime -
Youth is the sign of them, one and all.
A staff that rests in a nook of wall,
A reeling battle, a rusted gage,
The chant of a nearing funeral -
These are a type of the world of Age.
Envoy
Struggle and turmoil, revel and brawl -
Youth is the sign of them, one and all.
A smouldering hearth and a silent stage -
These are a type of the world of Age.Still sing the mocking fairies, as of old,
Beneath the shade of thorn and holly-tree;
The west wind breathes upon them pure and cold,
And still wolves dread Diana roving free,
In secret woodland with her company.
'Tis thought the peasants' hovels know her rite
When now the wolds are bathed in silver light,
And first the moonrise breaks the dusky gray;
Then down the dells, with blown soft hair and bright,
And through the dim wood, Dian thrids her way.
With water-weeds twined in their locks of gold
The strange cold forest-fairies dance in glee;
Sylphs over-timorous and over-bold
Haunt the dark hollows where the dwarf may be,
The wild red dwarf, the nixies' enemy:
Then, 'mid their mirth and laughter and affright,
The sudden goddess enters, tall and white,
With one long sigh for summers passed away;
The swift feet tear the ivy nets outright,
And through the dim wood Dian thrids her way.
She gleans her sylvan trophies; down the wold
She hears the sobbing of the stags that flee,
Mixed with the music of the hunting rolled,
But her delight is all in archery,
And naught of ruth and pity wotteth she
More than the hounds that follow on the flight;
The tall nymph draws a golden bow of might,
And thick she rains the gentle shafts that slay;
She tosses loose her locks upon the night,
And through the dim wood Dian thrids her way.
ENVOI
Prince, let us leave the din, the dust, the spite,
The gloom and glare of towns, the plague, the blight;
Amid the forest leaves and fountain spray
There is the mystic home of our delight,
And through the dim wood Dian thrids her way.The Turritopsis jellyfish
theoretically might never die
but Nature rarely grants its wish
to settle and transmogrify.
Clear bells with tiny radii
are perfect sea slug snacks – alack!
It grieves me so, I’m apt to cry.
Would you be me, a leatherback?
Though jellies are my staple dish
I’d never eat immortals. Why?
I’m not quite sure - I’m liverish
and yet I would diversify
to eat the slug that ate my guy.
To quote a dipsomaniac,
‘my witness is the empty sky’.
Would you be me, a leatherback?
My girlfriend’s ridged like liquorice
and to my tetrachromatic eye
her unnamed hues glow devilish.
Although she’s 83, she’s spry
but not possessive. No, nor I.
I’m rhymy Jack (not Kerouac
who’d rather choke than versify) .
Would you be me, a leatherback?
Does immortality qualify
if one’s reborn amnesiac?
I ask each drifting passerby,
‘Would you be me, a leatherback’?Hvo vover det? enten den skaldede Mand
Eller han med den tykke, rødlige Top
At gribe den store Bolle paastand
Og hælde dens Indhold i sin Krop?
Den Mand, der gjør det, har vundet Slaget,
Og han være Konge for hele Laget!
Der sad Saamangen, hvis Næses Guld
Beviste dens Eiers daglige Flid;
De kiged i Bollen — den var saa fuld!
»Sligt gjør ei Nogen i vores Tid!«
Enhver bortvendte sit skaldede Hoved
Og Ingen af Gubberne Dysten voved!
Da reiste der sig en Parykmagersøn -
Den Ædling talte kun tretten Aar!
»Vel er jeg om Hagen temmelig grøn,
Men Lammet beskjæmmer de gamle Faar!«
Han hælded i Rallen nu hele Kruset
Og jublende Bravo gjenlød i Huset.
Der sad de gamle Brave,
De saae med lønlig Gru,
Hvorledes den Drengemave
Ei revned' brat endnu.
Den Slurk var ikke hæslig!
Stolt liden Rødtop stod.
Hans Ansigt, Ruder Es liig,
Flammed som friske Blod.
Men der han gik hjem over Gaden
Da snubled hans ene Been;
For tung blev Aftensmaden,
Han sank i en Rendesteen.
Med Hoe'det i Rendesteens Blødme,
Med Munden i Mudderets Grødme,
Med begge Been ivær!
Inddrikkende Bundfaldets Sødme,
Stod han i Aftenens Rødme,
Under Skyglands og Stjerneskjær!I know flies in milk
I know the man by his clothes
I know fair weather from foul
I know the apple by the tree
I know the tree when I see the sap
I know when all is one
I know who labors and who loafs
I know everything but myself.
I know the coat by the collar
I know the monk by the cowl
I know the master by the servant
I know the nun by the veil
I know when a hustler rattles on
I know fools raised on whipped cream
I know the wine by the barrel
I know everything but myself.
I know the horse and the mule
I know their loads and their limits
I know Beatrice and Belle
I know the beads that count and add
I know nightmare and sleep
I know the Bohemians' error
I know the power of Rome
I know everything but myself.
Prince I know all things
I know the rosy-cheeked and the pale
I know death who devours all
I know everything but myself.
Trans. by Galway KinnellBodies of comrade soldiers gleaming white
Within the mill-pool where you float and dive
And lounge around part-clothed or naked quite;
Beautiful shining forms of men alive,
O living lutes stringed with the senses five
For Love's sweet fingers; seeing Fate afar,
My very soul with Death for you must strive;
Because of you I loathe the name of War.
But O you piteous corpses yellow-black,
Rotting unburied in the sunbeam's light,
With teeth laid bare by yellow Hps curled back
Most hideously; whose tortured souls took
flight
Leaving your limbs, all mangled by the fight,
In attitudes of horror fouler far
Than dreams which haunt a devil's brain at
night;
Because of you I loathe the name of War.
Mothers and maids who loved you, and the wives
Bereft of your sweet presences; yea, all
Who knew you beautiful; and those small lives
Made of that knowledge; O, and you who call
For life (but vainly now)  from that dark hall
Where wait the Unborn, and the loves which are
In future generations to befall;
Because of you I loathe the name of War,
l'envoi
Prince Jesu, hanging stark upon a tree
Crucified as the malefactors are
That man and man henceforth should brothers be;
Because of you I loathe the name of War.By Mystic's banks I held my dream.
(I held my fishing rod as well,)
The vision was of dace and bream,
A fruitless vision, sooth to tell.
But round about the sylvan dell
Were other sweet Arcadian shrines,
Gone now, is all the rural spell,
Arcadia has trolley lines.
Oh, once loved, sluggish, darkling stream,
For me no more, thy waters swell,
Thy music now the engines' scream,
Thy fragrance now the factory's smell;
Too near for me the clanging bell;
A false light in the water shines
While Solitude lists to her knell,--
Arcadia has trolley lines.
Thy wooded lanes with shade and gleam
Where bloomed the fragrant asphodel,
Now bleak commercially teem
With signs 'To Let,' 'To Buy,' 'To Sell.'
And Commerce holds them fierce and fell;
With vulgar sport she now combines
Sweet Nature's piping voice to quell.
Arcadia has trolley lines.Toy qu'une étoile favorable
Retient au gré de ses desirs,
Dans cette ville desirable
Où demeurent tous les plaisirs ;
Chasse la tristesse importune,
Pren le temps pendant qu'il est tien,
Jouïs de ta bonne fortune,
Mange mon loup, mange mon chien.
Les plaisirs sont suivis de peines,
Et qui peut s'assurer qu'un jour
Il n'yra pas dans les Ardennes,
Ou dans le fons de Luxembour ?
C'est la loy de nôtre naissance
De sentir le mal et le bien,
Tandis qu'il est en ta puissance,
Mange mon loup, mange mon chien.
Le temps qui toute chose efface,
Par qui tout est ensevely,
Semble user de la même audace
Du Maître de Corbinelly,
Aux Roys, aux Reynes, aux Princesses,
Il dit d'un sévère maintien,
Use vîte de tes richesses,
Mange mon loup, mange mon chien.
Beauté juste, sage et sévère,
Dont les yeux peuvent tout charmer,
Marquise que chacun révere
Et qu'aucun n'oseroit aymer,
Digne d'avoir sous ton Empire
Cent mille coeurs comme le mien,
Permets que je te puisse dire
Mange mon loup, mange mon chien.
Je voudrois bien, prodigue d'ambre
Qui coute icy beaucoup d'argent,
T'en remplir toute cette chambre,
Où l'on voit un Triton nageant ;
Mais une raison conveincante
Ne veut pas que j'en face rien ;
Pren donc ces Turrons d'Alicante,
Mange mon loup, mange mon chien.
Pour moy, qui, comme Promethée
Me sens déchirer nuit et jour,
Et voy mon ame becquetée
D'un insatiable vautour,
Je dis à cet oyseau funeste,
A qui mon coeur sert d'entretien,
Achève tôt ce qui me reste,
Mange mon loup, mange mon chien.
Je n'ai pû m'empêcher d'écrire ;
Mais si par un mauvais succès,
De cecy, qui n'est que pour rire,
L'on vient à vous faire un procês ;
Interrogez sur ces Affaires
Riés comme Saint Adrien,
Et dites à vos Commissaires,
Mange mon loup, mange mon chien.(dedicated to Mr. Yo -Yo Ma, a great cellist)
a glance
a glimpse
a shimmering
a wondrous nature
captures
touches
senses
fe els
spontaneous
informal
outdoor
light
reflects
nuances
romance
pe rfumes
sea
tree
human
garden
< br>objects
riverside
dancers
countryside
flowers
figures
effects
atmosphe re
bright
vibrant
elegant
flamboy ant
(inspired by John Singer Sargent's In a Medici Villa)Il chante encor, l'essaim railleur des fées,
Bien protégé par l'épine et le houx
Que le zéphyr caresse par bouffées.
Diane aussi, l'épouvante des loups,
Au fond des bois cache son coeur jaloux.
Son culte vit dans plus d'une chaumière.
Quand les taillis sont baignés de lumière,
A l'heure calme où la lune paraît,
Échevelée à travers la clairière,
Diane court dans la noire forêt.
De nénuphars et de feuilles coiffées,
La froide nixe et l'ondine aux yeux doux
Mènent le bal, follement attifées,
Et près du nain, dont les cheveux sont roux,
Les sylphes verts dansent et font les fous.
On voit passer une figure altière,
Et l'on entend au bord de la rivière
Un long sanglot, un soupir de regret
Et des pas sourds qui déchirent du lierre :
Diane court dans la noire forêt.
Diane, au bois récoltant ses trophées,
Entend le cerf gémissant fuir ses coups
Et se pleurer en plaintes étouffées.
Un vent de glace a rougi ses genoux ;
Ses lévriers, ivres de son courroux,
Sont accourus à sa voix familière.
La grande Nymphe à la fauve paupière
Sur son arc d'or assujettit le trait ;
Puis, secouant sa mouvante crinière,
Diane court dans la noire forêt.
Prince, il est temps, fuyons cette poussière
Du carrefour, et la forêt de pierre.
Sous le feuillage et sous l'antre secret,
Nous trouverons la ville hospitalière ;
Diane court dans la noire forêt.I
Lady and Queen and Mystery manifold
And very Regent of the untroubled sky,
Whom in a dream St. Hilda did behold
And heard a woodland music passing by:
You shall receive me when the clouds are high
With evening and the sheep attain the fold.
This is the faith that I have held and hold,
And this is that in which I mean to die.
II
Steep are the seas and savaging and cold
In broken waters terrible to try;
And vast against the winter night the wold,
And harbourless for any sail to lie.
But you shall lead me to the lights, and I
Shall hymn you in a harbour story told.
This is the faith that I have held and hold,
And this is that in which I mean to die.
III
Help of the half-defeated, House of gold,
Shrine of the Sword, and Tower of Ivory;
Splendour apart, supreme and aureoled,
The Battler's vision and the World's reply.
You shall restore me, O my last Ally,
To vengence and the glories of the bold.
This is the faith that I have held and hold,
And this is that in which I mean to die.
Envoi
Prince of the degradations, bought and sold,
These verses, written in your crumbling sty,
Proclaim the faith that I have held and hold
And publish that in which I mean to die.WRITTEN FOR HIS MOTHER
Dame du ciel, regents terrienne,
Emperiere des infemaux palus....
Lady of Heaven and earth, and therewithal
Crowned Empress of the nether clefts of Hell,—
I, thy poor Christian, on thy name do call,
Commending me to thee, with thee to dwell,
Albeit in nought I be commendable.
But all mine undeserving may not mar
Such mercies as thy sovereign mercies are;
Without the which (as true words testify)
No soul can reach thy Heaven so fair and far.
Even in this faith I choose to live and die.
Unto thy Son say thou that I am His,
And to me graceless make Him gracious.
Said Mary of Egypt lacked not of that bliss,
Nor yet the sorrowful clerk Theopbilus,
Whose bitter sins were set aside even thus
Though to the Fiend his bounden service was.
Oh help me, lest in vain for me should pass
(Sweet Virgin that shalt have no loss thereby!)
The blessed Host and sacring of the Mass
Even in this faith I choose to live and die.
A pitiful poor woman, shrunk and old,
I am, and nothing learn'd in letter-lore.
Within my parish-cloister I behold
A painted Heaven where harps and lutes adore,
And eke an Hell whose damned folk seethe full sore:
One bringeth fear, the other joy to me.
That joy, great Goddess, make thou mine to be,—
Thou of whom all must ask it even as I;
And that which faith desires, that let it see.
For in this faith I choose to live and die.
O excellent Virgin Princess! thou didst bear
King Jesus, the most excellent comforter,
Who even of this our weakness craved a share
And for our sake stooped to us from on high,
Offering to death His young life sweet and fair.
Such as He is, Our Lord, I Him declare,
And in this faith I choose to live and die.
Dante Gabriel Rossetti, trans.He lived in a cave by the seas,
He lived upon oysters and foes,
But his list of forbidden degrees,
An extensive morality shows;
Geological evidence goes
To prove he had never a pan,
But he shaved with a shell when he chose, -
'Twas the manner of Primitive Man.
He worshipp'd the rain and the breeze,
He worshipp'd the river that flows,
And the Dawn, and the Moon, and the trees,
And bogies, and serpents, and crows;
He buried his dead with their toes
Tucked-up, an original plan,
Till their knees came right under their nose, -
'Twas the manner of Primitive Man.
His communal wives, at his ease,
He would curb with occasional blows;
Or his State had a queen, like the bees
(As another philosopher trows):
When he spoke, it was never in prose,
But he sang in a strain that would scan,
For (to doubt it, perchance, were morose)
'Twas the manner of Primitive Man!
On the coasts that incessantly freeze,
With his stones, and his bones, and his bows;
On luxuriant tropical leas,
Where the summer eternally glows,
He is found, and his habits disclose
(Let theology say what she can)
That he lived in the long, long agos,
'Twas the manner of Primitive Man!
From a status like that of the Crees,
Our society's fabric arose, -
Develop'd, evolved, if you please,
But deluded chronologists chose,
In a fancied accordance with Mos
es, 4000 B. C. for the span
When he rushed on the world and its woes, -
'Twas the manner of Primitive Man!
But the mild anthropologist,--HE'S
Not RECENT inclined to suppose
Flints Palaeolithic like these,
Quaternary bones such as those!
In Rhinoceros, Mammoth and Co.'s,
First epoch, the Human began,
Theologians all to expose, -
'Tis the MISSION of Primitive Man.
ENVOY.
MAX, proudly your Aryans pose,
But their rigs they undoubtedly ran,
For, as every Darwinian knows,
'Twas the manner of Primitive Man!The big teetotum twirls,
And epochs wax and wane
As chance subsides or swirls;
But of the loss and gain
The sum is always plain.
Read on the mighty pall,
The weed of funeral
That covers praise and blame,
The -isms and the -anities,
Magnificence and shame:--
"O Vanity of Vanities!"
The Fates are subtle girls!
They give us chaff for grain.
And Time, the Thunderer, hurls,
Like bolted death, disdain
At all that heart and brain
Conceive, or great or small,
Upon this earthly ball.
Would you be knight and dame?
Or woo the sweet humanities?
Or illustrate a name?
O Vanity of Vanities!
We sound the sea for pearls,
Or drown them in a drain;
We flute it with the merles,
Or tug and sweat and strain;
We grovel, or we reign;
We saunter, or we brawl;
We search the stars for Fame,
Or sink her subterranities;
The legend's still the same:--
"O Vanity of Vanities!"
Here at the wine one birls,
There some one clanks a chain.
The flag that this man furls
That man to float is fain.
Pleasure gives place to pain:
These in the kennel crawl,
While others take the wall.
She has a glorious aim,
He lives for the inanities.
What come of every claim?
O Vanity of Vanities!
Alike are clods and earls.
For sot, and seer, and swain,
For emperors and for churls,
For antidote and bane,
There is but one refrain:
But one for king and thrall,
For David and for Saul,
For fleet of foot and lame,
For pieties and profanities,
The picture and the frame:--
"O Vanity of Vanities!"
Life is a smoke that curls--
Curls in a flickering skein,
That winds and whisks and whirls,
A figment thin and vain,
Into the vast Inane.
One end for hut and hall!
One end for cell and stall!
Burned in one common flame
Are wisdoms and insanities.
For this alone we came:--
"O Vanity of Vanities!"
Envoy
Prince, pride must have a fall.
What is the worth of all
Your state's supreme urbanities?
Bad at the best's the game.
Well might the Sage exclaim:--
"O Vanity of Vanities!"Freres humains qui apres nous vivez,
N'ayez les coeurs contre nous endurcis ...
Men, brother men, that after us yet live,
Let not your hearts too hard against us be;
For if some pity of us poor men ye give,
The sooner God shall take of you pity.
Here are we five or six strung up, you see,
And here the flesh that all too well we fed
Bit by bit eaten and rotten, rent and shred,
And we the bones grow dust and ash withal;
Let no man laugh at us discomforted,
But pray to God that he forgive us all.
If we call on you, brothers, to forgive,
Ye should not hold our prayer in scorn, though we
Were slain by law; ye know that all alive
Have not wit always to walk righteously;
Make therefore intercession heartily
With him that of a virgin's womb was bred,
That his grace be not as a dr-y well-head
For us, nor let hell's thunder on us fall;
We are dead, let no man harry or vex us dead,
But pray to God that he forgive us all.
The rain has washed and laundered us all five,
And the sun dried and blackened; yea, perdie,
Ravens and pies with beaks that rend and rive
Have dug our eyes out, and plucked off for fee
Our beards and eyebrows; never we are free,
Not once, to rest; but here and there still sped,
Driven at its wild will by the wind's change led,
More pecked of birds than fruits on garden-wall;
Men, for God's love, let no gibe here be said,
But pray to God that he forgive us all.
Prince Jesus, that of all art lord and head,
Keep us, that hell be not our bitter bed;
We have nought to do in such a master's hall.
Be not ye therefore of our fellowhead,
But pray to God that he forgive us all.
Algernon Charles Swinburne, trans.Frères humains qui après nous vivez
N'ayez les coeurs contre nous endurciz,
Car, ce pitié de nous pauvres avez,
Dieu en aura plus tost de vous merciz.
Vous nous voyez ci, attachés cinq, six
Quant de la chair, que trop avons nourrie,
Elle est piéca devorée et pourrie,
Et nous les os, devenons cendre et pouldre.
De nostre mal personne ne s'en rie:
Mais priez Dieu que tous nous veuille absouldre!
Se frères vous clamons, pas n'en devez
Avoir desdain, quoy que fusmes occiz
Par justice. Toutefois, vous savez
Que tous hommes n'ont pas le sens rassiz;
Excusez nous, puis que sommes transsis,
Envers le filz de la Vierge Marie,
Que sa grâce ne soit pour nous tarie,
Nous préservant de l'infernale fouldre
Nous sommes mors, ame ne nous harie;
Mais priez Dieu que tous nous vueille absouldre!
La pluye nous a débuez et lavez,
Et le soleil desséchez et noirciz:
Pies, corbeaulx nous ont les yeulx cavez
Et arraché la barbe et les sourciz.
Jamais nul temps nous ne sommes assis;
Puis ca, puis là, comme le vent varie,
A son plaisir sans cesser nous charie,
Plus becquetez d'oiseaulx que dez à couldre.
Ne soyez donc de nostre confrarie;
Mais priez Dieu que tous nous vueille absouldre!
Prince Jhésus, qui sur tous a maistrie,
Garde qu'Enfer n'ait de nous seigneurie:
A luy n'avons que faire ne que souldre.
Hommes, icy n'a point de mocquerie;
Mais priez Dieu que tous nous vueille absouldre!F alse beauty that costs me so dear,
R ough indeed, a hypocrite sweetness,
A mor, like iron on the teeth and harder,
N amed only to achieve my sure distress,
C harm that's murderous, poor heart's death,
O covert pride that sends men to ruin,
I mplacable eyes, won't true redress
S uccour a poor man, without crushing?
M uch better elsewhere to search for
A id: it would have been more to my honour:
R etreat I must, and fly with dishonour,
T hough none else then would have cast a lure.
H elp me, help me, you greater and lesser!
E nd then? With not even one blow landing?
Or will Pity, in line with all I ask here,
Succour a poor man, without crushing?
That time will come that will surely wither
Your bright flower, it will wilt and yellow,
Then if I can grin, I'll call on laughter,
But, yet, that would be foolish though:
You'll be pale and ugly: and I'll be old,
Drink deep then, while the stream's still flowing:
And don't bring trouble on all men so,
Succour a poor man, without crushing.
Amorous Prince, the greatest lover,
I want no evil that's of your doing,
But, by God, all noble hearts must offer
To succour a poor man, without crushing.A t dawn of day, when falcon shakes his wing,
M ainly from pleasure, and from noble usage,
B lackbirds too shake theirs then as they sing,
R eceiving their mates, mingling their plumage,
O, as the desires it lights in me now rage,
I 'd offer you, joyously, what befits the lover.
S ee how Love has written this very page:
E ven for this end are we come together.
D oubtless, as my heart's lady you'll have being,
E ntirely now, till death consumes my age.
L aurel, so sweet, for my cause now fighting,
O live, so noble, removing all bitter foliage,
R eason does not wish me unused to owing,
E ven as I'm to agree with this wish, forever,
Duty to you, but rather grow used to serving:
Even for this end are we come together.
And, what's more, when sorrow's beating
Down on me, through Fate's incessant rage,
Your sweet glance its malice is assuaging,
Nor more or less than wind blows smoke away.
As, in your field, I plant I lose no grain,
For the harvest resembles me, and ever
God orders me to plough, and sow again:
Even for this end are we come together.
Princess, listen to this I now maintain:
That my heart and yours will not dissever:
So much I presume of you, and claim:
Even for this end are we come together.Item
This I give to my poor mother
As a prayer now, to our Mistress
- She who bore bitter pain for me,
God knows, and also much sadness -
I've no other castle or fortress,
That my body and soul can summon,
When I'm faced with life's distress,
Nor has my mother, poor woman:
Ballade
‘Lady of Heaven, earthly queen,
Empress of the infernal regions,
Receive me, a humble Christian,
To live among the chosen ones,
Though I'm worth less than anyone.
Your grace, my Lady and Mistress
Is greater than my sinfulness,
Grace without which, I tell no lie,
None deserve their blessedness.
In this faith let me live and die.
Say to your Son that I am His.
Through Him all my sins are lost:
Forgive me, as Mary Egypt was,
Or, so they say, Theophilus,
Who by your grace was still blameless,
Though he vowed the Devil a guest.
Protect me always from like excess,
Virgin, who bore, without a cry,
Christ whom we celebrate at Mass.
In this faith let me live and die.
I am a woman, poor and old,
I can neither read nor spell.
At Mass in church, here, I behold,
A painted Heaven, with harps: a Hell,
Where the damned are boiled, as well.
One gives me joy: one strikes me cold,
Grant me the joy, Great Goddess,
On whom all sinners must rely,
Fill me with faith and no slackness.
In this faith let me live and die.
V  irgin, you bore, O High Princess,
I   ssue, whose kingdom is endless,
L  ord, who took on a littleness
L  ike ours: to save us left the sky,
O ffering his lovely youth to death.
N  ow, such is our Lord: such we confess:
In this faith let me live and die.The sound says love is not a crush;
As one we moved from plain to dote.
The love became more than a blush.
You are my boo, that is my vote.
My words are true, no need to note.
I love you, Anne; with my very all!
You’ll know by actions that cause rote;
A love more than love could recall.
The sound is song of a blue Thrush,
It sings a song that please by mote.
His feathers are a stunning plush,
His owners are the wealthy Vacote,
They live by bay and have a boat.
Let’s dance on this oceanic ball,
I know it’s love that keeps afloat.
A love more than love could recall.
Let love speak- every qualm stay hushed.
The birds' song tells the love I wrote.
The song says my heart goes to mush,
I love you so much that I do gloat;
Each day our love I do promote!
The love you give me does enthrall..
My days to you I do devote;
A love more than love could recall.
Our hills are big and very lush,
They’re full of plums and then a cote,
That keeps safe mistletoe's thrush
A bird that sings the lovers' note;
There even lies a pretty goat!
To give, I have the wherewithal,
On my word, I do not misquote,
A love more than love could recall.
Look at the waves, how they do gush
And beat on the stockades of the boat,
With one weak spot the boat could crush
To portions that are very mote.
But it does not; we are the boat!
For never will we sink and fall!
These are the words we need to note.
A love more than love could recall.
(Anne)
Let us be timed, let us not rush.
I wish we fly and never float:
forever our time will be flush;
Our love forever will be rote,
As we pilot our joyous boat.
Your face hangs on my every wall.
In love, you too have my true vote;
A love more than love could recall.
Upon the sea, upon this boat,
I stand to shout aloud this call;
Our love, both man and God will note;
A love more than love could recall.Where are the ribbons I tie my hair with?
Where is my lipstick? Where are my hose -
The sheer ones hoarded these weeks to wear with
Frocks the closets do not disclose?
Perfumes, petticoats, sports chapeaus,
The blouse Parisian, the earrings Spanish -
Everything suddenly up and goes.
And where in the world did the children vanish?
This is the house I used to share with
Girls in pinafores, shier than does.
I can recall how they climbed my stairs with
Gales of giggles on their tiptoes.
Last seen wearing both braids and bows
(And looking rather Raggedy-Annish),
When they departed nobody knows -
Where in the world did the children vanish?
Two tall strangers, now I must bear with,
Decked in my personal furbelows,
Raiding the larder, rending the air with
Gossip and terrible radios.
Neither my friends nor quite my foes,
Alien, beautiful, stern and clannish,
Here they dwell, while the wonder grows:
Where in the world did the children vanish?
Prince, I warn you, under the rose,
Time is the thief you cannot banish.
These are my daughters, I suppose.
But where in the world did the children vanish?Because we never build a nest
And no one of us ever sings,
We are the butt of every jest
That strutting loud-mouthed robin flings.
Unless the field with laughter rings
And we are meek in our replies
His claws and beak to bear he brings;
Have pity on all butterflies!
Since we are of no home possessed,
And have no joy in courts and kings,
And love on working-days to rest,
The name of 'Idlers' to us clings.
On all our gypsy travellings
They follow us with jeering cries.
From every rose a spider springs;
Have pity on all butterflies!
A little thing is our request-
Some peace from nets of sticks and strings,
An hour to feel the sunlight's zest,
To 'scape the deadly bee that stings.
From hostile fortune's bolts and slings
Give us release ere Summer dies-
We dread the Winter's threatenings;
Have pity on all butterflies!
L'ENVOI
Great Pan, kind lord of living things,
Look on us now with friendly eyes.
We pray to you on trembling wings,
Have pity on all butterflies!When our yacht sails seaward on steady keel
And the wind is moist with breath of brine
And our laughter tells of our perfect weal,
We may carol the praises of ruby wine;
But if, automobiling, my woes combine
And fuel gives out in my road-machine
And it's sixteen miles to that home of mine--
Then ho! For a gallon of gasoline!
When our coach rides smoothly on iron-shod wheel
With a deft touch guiding each taut drawn line
And the inn ahead holds a royal meal,
We may carol the praises of ruby wine;
But when, on some long and steep incline,
In a manner entirely unforeseen
The motor stops with a last sad whine--
Then ho! For a gallon of gasoline!
When the air is crisp and the brooks congeal
And our sleigh glides on with a speed divine
While the gay bells echo with peal on peal,
We may carol the praises of ruby wine;
But when, with perverseness most condign,
In the same harsh snowstorm, cold and keen,
My auto stops at the six-mile sign--
Then ho! For a gallon of gasoline!
ENVOY
When yacht or Coach Club fellows dine
We may carol the praises of ruby wine;
But when Automobile Clubmen convene
Then ho! For a gallon of gasoline!
Submitted by John MartinI'm greedy by nature, and often in vain
Have lingered too long o'er the succulent hare,
Accepting the jelly, ignoring the pain,
Intent on receiving far more than my share.
I worship the plover's egg, tasty and rare,
And idolize fanciful French fricasses;
But what, darling dainties, with you can compare,
Soused salmon and lamb and young ducks and green peas?
I ask for real turtle, again and again-
Observe the Lord Mayor's John Thomases stare!
For kitchen-recitals to Susan and Jane,
And powdered impertinence, what do I care?
I sit down to eat, and I vow and declare,
I'd honour a dish were it made of stewed bees,
Though loyal to you, should you chance to be there,
Soused salmon and lamb and young ducks and green peas.
I cherish a chef, be he Grecian or Dane;
I even can relish a collop of bear;
I love ev'ry calf- if it boasts a fine brain-
And melt at a pullet, or even a pair.
Though gold's on the table and stately the fare,
I greet a grand entree with almost a sneeze
If you, dearest dainties, are sweet on the air-
Soused salmon and lamb and young ducks and green peas.
L'envoi:
O Redcoats of England, who struggle and dare,
Your glory's a morsel no glutton can please;
My yearning is all for a soft-cushioned chair,
Soused salmon and lamb and young ducks and green peas.I am not ambitious at all:
I am not a poet, I know
(Though I do love to see a mere scrawl
To order and symmetry grow).
My muse is uncertain and slow,
I am not expert with my tools,
I lack the poetic argot:
But I hope I have kept to the rules.
When your brain is undoubtedly small,
'Tis hard, sir, to write in a row,
Some five or six rhymes to Nepaul,
And more than a dozen to Joe:
The metre is easier though,
Three rhymes are sufficient for 'ghouls,'
My lines are deficient in go,
But I hope I have kept to the rules.
Unable to fly let me crawl,
Your patronage kindly bestow:
I am not the author of Saul,
I am not Voltaire or Rousseau:
I am not desirous, oh no!
To rise from the ranks of the fools,
To shine with Gosse, Dobson and Co.:
But I hope I have kept to the rules.
Dear Sir, though my language is low,
Let me dip in Pierian pools:
My verses are only so so,
But I hope I have kept to the rules.I am standing under the mistletoe,
And I smile, but no answering smile replies
For her haughty glance bids me plainly know
That not for me is the thing I prize;
Instead, from her coldly scornful eyes,
Indifference looks on my barefaced guile;
She knows, of course, what my act implies—
But look at those lips! Do they hint a smile?
I stand here, eager, and beam and glow,
And she only looks a refined surprise
As clear and crisp and as cold as snow,
And as—Stop! I will never criticise!
I know what her cold glance signifies;
But I’ll stand just here as I am awhile
Till a smile to my pleading look replies—
But look at those lips! Do they hint a smile?
Just look at those lips, now! I claim they show
A spirit unmeet under Christmas skies;
I claim that such lips on such maidens owe
A—something—the custom justifies;
I claim that the mistletoe rule applies
To her as well as the rank and file;
We should meet these things in a cheerful guise—
But look at those lips! Do they hint a smile?
ENVOY
These customs of Christmas may shock the wise,
And mistletoe boughs may be out of style,
And a kiss be a thing that all maids despise—
But look at those lips, do! They hint a smile!The soft wind from the south land sped,
He set his strength to blow,
From forests where Adonis bled,
And lily flowers a-row:
He crossed the straits like streams that flow,
The ocean dark as wine,
To my true love to whisper low,
To be your Valentine.
The Spring half-raised her drowsy head,
Besprent with drifted snow,
'I'll send an April day,' she said,
'To lands of wintry woe.'
He came,--the winter's overthrow
With showers that sing and shine,
Pied daisies round your path to strow,
To be your Valentine.
Where sands of Egypt, swart and red,
'Neath suns Egyptian glow,
In places of the princely dead,
By the Nile's overflow,
The swallow preened her wings to go,
And for the North did pine,
And fain would brave the frost her foe,
To be your Valentine.
ENVOY.
Spring, Swallow, South Wind, even so,
Their various voice combine;
But that they crave on ME bestow,
To be your Valentine.Nay, be you pardoner or cheat,
Or cogger keen, or mumper shy,
You'll burn your fingers at the feat,
And howl like other folks that fry.
All evil folks that love a lie!
And where goes gain that greed amasses,
By wile, and trick, and thievery?
'Tis all to taverns and to lasses!
Rhyme, rail, dance, play the cymbals sweet,
With game, and shame, and jollity,
Go jigging through the field and street,
With MYST'RY and MORALITY;
Win gold at GLEEK,--and that will fly,
Where all you gain at PASSAGE passes, -
And that's? You know as well as I,
'Tis all to taverns and to lasses!
Nay, forth from all such filth retreat,
Go delve and ditch, in wet or dry,
Turn groom, give horse and mule their meat,
If you've no clerkly skill to ply;
You'll gain enough, with husbandry,
But--sow hempseed and such wild grasses,
And where goes all you take thereby? -
'Tis all to taverns and to lasses!
ENVOY.
Your clothes, your hose, your broidery,
Your linen that the snow surpasses,
Or ere they're worn, off, off they fly,
'Tis all to taverns and to lasses!O brother men who after us remain,
Do not look coldly on the scene you view,
For if you pity wretchedness and pain,
God will the more incline to pity you.
You see us hang here, half a dozen who
Indulged the flesh in every liberty
Till it was pecked and rotted, as you see,
And these our bones to dust and ashes fall.
Let no one mock our sorry company,
But pray to God that He forgive us all.
If we have called you brothers, don’t disdain
The appellation, though alas it’s true
That not all men are equal as to brain,
And that our crimes and blunders were not few.
Commend us, now that we are dead, unto
The Virgin Mary’s son, in hopes that He
Will not be sparing of His clemency,
But save our souls, which Satan would enthrall.
We’re dead now, brothers; show your charity
And pray to God that He forgive us all.
We have been rinsed and laundered by the rain,
And by the sunlight dried and blackened too.
Magpie and crow have plucked our eyeballs twain
And cropped our eyebrows and the beards we grew.
Nor have we any rest at all, for to
And fro we sway at the wind’s fantasy,
Which has no object, yet would have us be
(Pitted like thimbles)  at its beck and call.
Do not aspire to our fraternity,
But pray to God that He forgive us all.
Prince Jesus, we implore Your Majesty
To spare us Hell’s distress and obloquy;
We want no part of what may there befall.
And, mortal men, let’s have no mockery,
But pray to God that He forgive us all.
Translated by: Richard Wilbur(ballade) An Astute Observation
Here is a statement flagrante curioso...
Most pianist's listenability would be drastically increased if they would eliminate their andante furiosoThere the kites come
Head grasped in the children’s hands
Looking for wind
While their tails get tickled by sand
Ah, there comes the wind
And the kites soar into the sky
The children let out more rope
To see the kites go high high high
They flew hither and thither
Twisting their long necks
The passing by birds
Gave them loving pecks
They swished their magnificent tails
Hugging each other again and again
They danced to the beat of the wind
Even when started had the rain
Later they  stopped playing
The sea was crashing, forming foam
As a child said to the others
“We’ve played enough, lets go home”.Walking Along The Beach In Nova Scotia
Walking barefoot  in the sand
on a quiet Sunday morning
at peace with natures surroundings.
A warm sunny day with
a faint scent of fish filtering through the air.
The ocean breeze caressing my body,
giving me a tranquil feeling,
in this awesome atmosphere.
At peace with nature,
enjoying every moment,
I heard the cry of the loon.
I saw him standing at the waters edge
as if to say, good morning.
He spread his wings to a full span,
held it there awhile.
I watched with anticipation
wondering what was yet to come
from this magnificent creature
of the wild.
He stood like a king looking at me,
took flight and soared through the sky.
The sand dollars were plentiful,
displaying their artistic designs.
I continued to walk as
the sand massaged my feet.
It was a joyous morning
walking along the
beach.
Written:  August 31,20071. The Public Pier
Here beyond the screaming beach,
the volleyball and surfers,
the fishers try
to pull something
alive from the veiled
depths, and some succeed.
Fearless pre-teens
leap off the railing,
then bob like seals
amid the light beams
dancing on the green surface.
Ruby’s Diner, at the far end,
half a mile toward Catalina,
gets $8 a cheeseburger.
and the trash boat
gurgling away from its dock
seems to signify that some,
at least, have taken that bait.
We’re neither land nor sea here,
neither fish nor fowl,
though both fish and fowl
are all around  us
out on this
island in the sky,
this bridge
to nowhere
and everywhere
2. The Poets’ Pier
The poets line the pier,
pens dangling out
over the green depths.
Poker-faced, they stand
or sit on benches.
Every now and then
a line tugs,
a pen dips,
a poet
pulls something up
and over the rail.
Shining, exotic,
the poem flops on the deck.
The poet smiles,
and the others,
not so fortunate
yet today,
keep their watch
out toward the sea.FAT dragons spoil the
fitches, plead says
john, before i take the
beach boys away.
FAT dragons put on a
suit, wash teath, and
drive away, into his
own private hell.
PLEAD says john, before
i take the beach boys
away.
FAT dragon gets old, have
some kids, goes to work,
comes home with his hands
on fire, and repeats what
his father did to him.
PLEAD says john, before
i take the beach boys away.
FAT dragon silently flys
away...While children playing
And parents walking along
Beach is playground now!Golden Moon has appeared high above the night Sea;
Heavy wind is blowing fast after a long spell of heat;
Sea looks beautiful enticing new comers to swim soon!
But the 2004 Tsunami has changed the nature of Sea
From harmless beach into dangerous beach of beauty!
Swayed by beauty swimmers have drowned to death
By sudden high tides that develop now and then there!
River tributaries joining the Sea mouth has created island
Where many go for boating seeing the beauty wonderful
And also swim long swayed by the enjoyment soothing;
Then the tragedy occurs by sudden current in the Sea!
Warning boards are displayed here and there for all to see;
But who cares at them while enjoying comforts and beauty!
Alertness when let loose men of ease can’t escape tight noose!The two of us alone on that stony Cheathrú Rua beach
On a July evening that almost seemed like my reason for being.
It was our last day together and the sun was burning strong.
The coral tucked snugly in under tranquil lapping waves
Like a well fitted carpet – well, at least in appearance –
For its prickle could ignite fires on tender bare feet.
But this day grit between my toes was of little pertinence
As we talked of life and our paths here, sharing tales,
Sharing moments that made us laugh until we cried.
And then you paused, a serious stare. An instant frozen forever:
Your golden hair blew gently in the passing sea breeze,
You looked at me intensely and said simply, “I’ll miss you.”
I could not speak, my throat was blocked.
I spoke only with my eyes when ours locked.
Our faces were ones that only a coral Connemara beach could remember.
The sea it glistened.I sit here in my cups wondering
where it all went and why.
Fishermen cleaning their wares along
the decrepit pier seem to sigh with each
careless toss, unwanted refuse, fit only
for seagulls and pelicans, viciously
vying for their day’s sustenance.
Blue and white sails, reflecting the morose
sea, up and down the shore, remind me of the way
the wharf smelt the day my sun went down:
decaying fish pickled in brine and all around
the moaning of a ship far out on the horizon.One summer's day, with nothing better to do,
I went to the beach to enjoy the view.
Lots of cute babes lying around in the sand
Trying their best to improve their tan.
Others strutting around, showing off their stuff
With swimwear so small, almost in the buff.
One gal, probably from Bimini
Wore a very teeny, weeny Bikini,
Very daring, three slices of zucchini.
Her costume was so very spare
Almost like it wasn't there.
Another beauty, this one from New York
Wore only two Band-Aids and a cork.
Very innovative, I'll have to say
Anyway, it really made my day.
Even if you're almost over the hill
Your inner passions are with you still.
I find great pleasure just being a fan
Even if they call me a dirty old man.
I really did enjoy my day
And for tomorrow—?
It's the topless beach down the way!An umbrella being dragged at the day's end.
A seagull churns its wings,
avoiding sunlight,
the hard flight of Icarus.
Pink swimsuits blown in the wind,
in search of due course.
Time is needy, a bronzed babe walks by, a regular
statue of Liberty, her flesh turning to
green palor as the water cools.
In this empty beach dream of deepening sky,
the wet Kremlin and White House
are eroded as our childless hopes.
An old woman collects
seashells-caverns of poverty
to be sold to our deaf ears.
The ocean roars of stolen property.My owners they took me to the beach
They parked facing the sea it was in reach
But I was ready to make my escape
As the whole journey a plan I did make
My owners they opened the car door
And I lept and shot out quickly before
They could do anything to stop me
I was cleverer than they thought they see
My owners they stood there staring in disbelief
They hadn't time to even clip on my leash
I charged happily up and down the sand
Lucky for them it was a beach with dogs not banned
My owners they decided to ignore me
It was easier to leave me play by the sea
I barked at the waves telling them not to taunt
They kept coming then going they me did haunt
My owners they just watched from afar
I knew however I was still under their radar
Sea gulls they rose to the skies when I approached
Waving their wings screeching at me they reproached
My owners they started call me back
I noticed a picnic they'd started to unpack
I headed their way hoping for food
That exercise had got me in that hungry mood
My owners heads turned as I just shot past
They tried to catch me but I was too fast
For I had seen something better you see
It was over the road and meant just for me
My owners now they shot up shouting running after me
But I was too fast and enjoying things you see
For in the garden just over the road
Lots of holes rabbits had burrowed
My owners now however much they did shout
My temporary deafness had just broken out
I shot in and out of the holes oh what fun
As from different holes appeared my head and my bum
My owners were now getting cross
Why I don't understand I'm still at a loss
But eventually as I shot out a hole
Strong hands caught me my fun they had stole
My owners put me on my long lead
And muttered because I was very dirtied
But I will always remember my day of great fun
My time at the seaside and what I had done.I don't know if Poetry Lover
(hereafter called plover,
a shore bird with short tail)
aspires to become a poet
or is your run-of-the-mill
poetaster (google it)
A bird that runs and hides
when it doesn't comprehend
a simple poem like a haiku
and pipes deleted words
like someone demented
come out, plover!I stood on a sandy beach
on an April weekend.
The sun was shining bright
on each wave
that carried its reflection in.
The sky in the west
was filled with mottled clouds
and on occasional breaks;
the sun’s rays peaked through.
An easterly breeze
lifted the sand into little swirls
and carried them a short while
before depositing them down again,
as I walked along a sandy beach in April.
5 April 2008Why not long walks on the beach
Whispering sweet nothings to each
Walking bare foot in the sand
Walking together hand in hand
Watching the waves come crashing in
Feeling the dampness on my skin
Feeling the gentle breeze on my face
One of god's beauties, what a wonderful place
Looking up towards all the stars
On this magic night, this will be all ours
Love the ocean once in a while
Forgetting your problems and making you smile!At your side, I will stand, together we'll walk, through the sand. With the setting sun, and a summer breeze, reflecting our love, on the open seas. A walk on the beach, I will share, hand in hand, we walk with care. Making our hearts, strong and brave, along with the passions, of thee ocean waves. Together in love, our souls will teach, and guide our future, as we walk on the beach. For I am in love...oh, , sadness...
your circle killing me..
and your memories waves flooded me..
my life is a sky without lights..
where is your yelling o happiness..? ? ?
and in which wilderness, can i found you..? ? ?
i am a star without sense...
i am a candy without taste..
and here alone in that beach....I’ll go among the dead to see my friend.
The place I leave is beautiful: the sea
Repeats the winds’ far swell in its long sound,
And, there beside it, houses solemnly
Shine with the modest courage of the land,
While swimmers try the verge of what they see.
I cannot go, although I should pretend
Some final self whose phantom eye could see
Him who because he is not cannot change.
And yet the thought of going makes the sea,
The land, the swimmers, and myself seem strange,
Almost as strange as they will someday be.Let’s talk while we walk on the sandy beach
The moon kissed sand cold under our feet
Makes our feeling’s warm, desires hot
Twosome we make a nice pair
Let me hold your hands and kiss you
My dear on your lascivious lips
Let’s  club our feelings and make it one
We have lot to know and lot to do
My dear come close to me be by my side
The surf is sweeping  under our feet
Let me lift you and smooch you
To my hearts content
Lets enjoy this evening
And make a day to remember
In the days and years to comeShe sits on the arenaceous beach
with her legs extended out in front
and her hands behind her back
as she takes in the glorious day.
The borrowed ocean slides off
of her glistening bronze stature
as the sand cushions her long legs
and penetrates her curling toes.
I'd give just about everything I had
just to shrink down to one foot tall;
So I could sit on her luxurious lap
and admire her beauty forever!At The Beach
You roll down the window
And even before you see it
You smell that salty, ocean scent
You already know your there
At the beach
Where the breeze is best
Where the sun is most powerful
Mother Nature’s birthplace
At the beach
There so much to do
Starting from building sand castles
To finding shells so odd looking
To riding tsunami on your surfboard
To tanning yourself like bread in the toaster
To fishing with your grandpa
To snorkeling with fish
To going on cruises
To riding a dolphin
Just so much to do
The list is as big as space
As long as infinity
At the beach
As you walk on the shore
You see the sky red as the sun sits on the water
You feel the sand filling the gaps between your toes
You hear the soothing sounds of the waves
At the beach
Some claim to see the most wondrous things
Like beautiful mermaids sitting on rocks
Or the mysterious Loch Ness Monster
And even the lost city of Atlantis
At the beach
There nothing better than the beach
Where beauty was given its name
Where Happiness cannot be expressed
At the beach
By: KhalidMany have trod
this sandy beach
seeking for shells.
Along the shore
their footprints merge
in shifting sands.
Rising and falling
the ocean sighs
and washes all.
I stand alone
at water's edge.
I have no shells.
Looking back
I cannot tell
the way I came.at the beach
building castles
all of sand
summer dusk
a mockingbird mimics
Debussy's l'après-midi
both of these were published by paper wasp, a journla of haiku, in the summer 2009 issuePebbles on the beach
Pierce through our heels as we walk
A mild price to pay
For the damage we subject
It to by littering waste.
18th October 2006
7.14 pmThe largest stones are piled against the sea-wall
since that huge storm, a hundred years ago.
For the sea will never leave the beach alone –
might you think it would fling
the smallest stones the furthest?
No – to re-assert its power,
it challenges the heftiest resistance,
with inexhaustible, ruthless determination
rolling, thrusting, flinging in impatient storm
the largest, furthest; then grading with such patient delicacy
over the years, the smooth but fine-scratched stones
of so many colours – how can it have found,
how long for it to find, so many lucent colours of wet stone?
These sometime finds – searching with a child’s fine eye –
of purest  pebbled marble - how many thousand miles
has the sea rolled these from southern shores?
And these smooth stones of reddest brick,
or rubbed, etched glass? Or ancient serpentine,
bright green?
Then after a night of wildest storm,
the air intoxicating with its ozone,
new treasures thrown up on the beach:
green glass globes from fishing nets,
cork mats, boat wood, torn seaweed
in thick chunks like beached, exhausted octopods;
the beach re-shaped; even some parabolas of sand
while the seethe… keesh… of the dying storm
draws incessantly, then spews the finest shingle
in its maw like a hungry concrete-mixer.
The beach spreads out its shining, wet
new treasure for the child-bright eye.
This afternoon, the rock pools will be full;
all will be new; sea-god a child again.Beach, beach,
Here is Puri
Here is Lord of all
Here is humanity
Here is shortage of time.
Beach, beach,
Here on this beach
See so many shops,
Camel, horse
Here see shopkeepers.
I like this beach
I like as because
Beach is here within
My own life swallowed by rivers.Softly and humbly to the Gulf of Arabs
The convoys of dead sailors come;
At night they sway and wander in the waters far under,
But morning rolls them in the foam.
Between the sob and clubbing of the gunfire
Someone, it seems, has time for this,
To pluck them from the shallows and bury them in burrows
And tread the sand upon their nakedness;
And each cross, the driven stake of tidewood,
Bears the last signature of men,
Written with such perplexity, with such bewildered pity,
The words choke as they begin -
'Unknown seaman' - the ghostly pencil
Wavers and fades, the purple drips,
The breath of wet season has washed their inscriptions
As blue as drowned men's lips,
Dead seamen, gone in search of the same landfall,
Whether as enemies they fought,
Or fought with us, or neither; the sand joins them together,
Enlisted on the other front.
_______________________________________ ______
German Translation
Strandbegräbnis
Ergeben und sanft zum Golf der Araber
Kommen die Konvois der toten Matrosen;
Nachts irren sie schwankend im Wasser tief unten,
Doch der Morgen läßt sie im Schaum rollen.
Zwischen dem Schluchzen und Knüppeln von Geschützen
Hat jemand, so scheint es, die Zeit gefunden,
Sie an seichten Stellen aufzusammeln und in Reihen zu begraben
Und den Sand über ihrer Nacktheit festzutreten;
Und jedes Kreuz, ein getriebener Pfahl aus Treibholz,
Trägt die letzte Unterschrift eines Mannes,
Geschrieben mit solcher Bestürzung, mit solch verwirrtem Mitleid,
Die Worte ersticken, sobald sie beginnen -
“Unbekannter Seemann“ - der gespenstische Stift
Zittert und verblaßt, das Purpur tropft,
Der Atem der nassen Jahreszeit hat jede Inschrift
Blau wie die Lippen der Ertrunkenen gefärbt,
Tote Seemänner, fort, denselben Landfall zu suchen,
Wo sie sich als Feinde bekämpft,
Oder mit uns kämpften, oder keines davon, im Sand jetzt zusammen,
Angeworben an der anderen Front.Sitting on the beach chairs
watching the setting sun
holding hands and reminiscing
how it all begun
Sitting on the beach chairs
watching the ships out on the sea
holding hands and smiling
together we're meant to be
Sitting on the beach chairs
watching people walking past
holding hands and knowing
that our love will always last
Sitting on the beach chairs
watching the waves along the shore
holding hands we realize
our love is stronger than before
Sitting on the beach chairs
watching the changing tide
holding hands with happiness
to be by each others side
Sitting on the beach chairs
watching the sunrise
holding hands with tears of joy
there are no more good-byesfootprints of sandpipers
were so transient
the sea a sandwiper
where it came and wentWhile you walk the water's edge,
turning over concepts
I can't envision, the honking buoy
serves notice that at any time
the wind may change,
the reef-bell clatters
its treble monotone, deaf as Cassandra
to any note but warning. The ocean,
cumbered by no business more urgent
than keeping open old accounts
that never balanced,
goes on shuffling its millenniums
of quartz, granite, and basalt.
It behaves
toward the permutations of novelty—
driftwood and shipwreck, last night's
beer cans, spilt oil, the coughed-up
residue of plastic—with random
impartiality, playing catch or tag
ot touch-last like a terrier,
turning the same thing over and over,
over and over. For the ocean, nothing
is beneath consideration.
The houses
of so many mussels and periwinkles
have been abandoned here, it's hopeless
to know which to salvage. Instead
I keep a lookout for beach glass—
amber of Budweiser, chrysoprase
of Almadén and Gallo, lapis
by way of (no getting around it,
I'm afraid)  Phillips'
Milk of Magnesia, with now and then a rare
translucent turquoise or blurred amethyst
of no known origin.
The process
goes on forever: they came from sand,
they go back to gravel,
along with treasuries
of Murano, the buttressed
astonishments of Chartres,
which even now are readying
for being turned over and over as gravely
and gradually as an intellect
engaged in the hazardous
redefinition of structures
no one has yet looked at.On the beach of dreams, we sit
watching a never setting sun.
Never wondering how long
our love will last,
or how much time, we have.
Our dreams stretch out forever
like our love my dear.
Our hearts beat as one
whenever you are near.
Each day as the sun rises,
I want to return to the beach.
The beach of dreams,
which both of us share.
17 March 2008Beach
Sunny, warm
Quiet, calm, wonderful
A place to think
VacationFine, warm sand under the skin;
breeze playing with the long hair;
seagull`s yells and distant babel;
she feels invisible - stretched
on the overcrowded beach;
innocent, bare-back Eve
from the holy Bible.As I walk along the deserted beach
I feel the damp sand surronding my feet
I feel the cool relaxing breeze creep up upon me with ease
As I look out at the restless waves my thoughts unwind like restless days
The beach is a very quiet and calming placebeach volleyball today.
you wear your cap
to protect you from the sun.
you wear your beach shorts
blue shorts with big white flowers
prints.
you walk barefoot.
and then you decide to walk straight
to the internet cafe.
and you are here now.
you do not like
anybody else.
cruel world. hot sun. your flight
is still tomorrow morning.
another loud night.
an impatient self trying to be
completely silent.
shut.Silver white sands spill from my hands
As they flow the grip tightening shows
They cannot be contained, they cant be owned
Each individual, yet collectively as one
Stand and be judged under the conceited sun
Cast no shadow on the beach of doubt
There are always answers all about
Try as you may some will only dismay
There is no easy in this world so queasy
Let not pride wash with the foregoing tide
While you dwell.. find the hidden prize shell
A memory, a keepsake for not to forsake
The past is spent, the future is in the ever-present
Hesitate and all is lost, make haste at all cost
The world for the living awaits no one
When all is said and done…..
(C)  Damien Dthere is something about the ocean
that brings out the earth-mother in me
it is a place i love to go to write or
to ponder life's mysteries
being out in the ocean with
the waves spraying over me
feels something of a baptism
a cleansing of my soul's debris
the beach has a magnificent beauty
that never ceases to amaze me
and makes me feel one with the earth
in rhythmn and harmony
i realize as i look out to sea
how very small i really must be
in the overall scheme of things
i love the sea for it brings
out the spirituality in me
the feeling of being totally free
like seagulls overhead and
the sand underneath my feet
or the engulfing sun warming me
to get down to the nitty-gritty
the sea is a poet's paradise to meParadise is the word,
no other to be called,
a beach like no other
The Sun here is to Shy
Shy! My SunShine
Delray, Delray Beach!
The Paradise...So easy to find...
So dear to me, for so long in my past,
You the Beach I desired...
And there you Are,
Always, day and night,
Beautiful Delray,
Open as no other heart
Safe, protected, Welcoming...
Love, My Beach, My Delray,
The City I call Home!I am walking along a street, on soft asphalt,  and
I am sticking heels  into the zebra.
of the marquise on the other side firmly heated up.
the crescent shaped  bun stuffed with the chocolate
is swimming in the shop, from the warmth,
one moment, and I will  wet my legs  at the edge,
and then, I will catch myself crests of wave
swimming of up on down, and  I will  feel  blissful chill.
now, one bend and...welcomes me auriferous familiar
sand.your glasses, are covering with half a face.
but I can see the smile, from a distance,  it is not...
a duplicate...One of my fav poemzz.......
The sea is calm to-night.
The tide is full, the moon lies fair
Upon the straits; on the French coast the light
Gleams and is gone; the cliffs of England stand;
Glimmering and vast, out in the tranquil bay.
Come to the window, sweet is the night-air!
Only, from the long line of spray
Where the sea meets the moon-blanched land,
Listen! you hear the grating roar
Of pebbles which the waves draw back, and fling,
At their return, up the high strand,
Begin, and cease, and then again begin,
With tremulous cadence slow, and bring
The eternal note of sadness in.
Sophocles long ago
Heard it on the A gaean, and it brought
Into his mind the turbid ebb and flow
Of human misery; we
Find also in the sound a thought,
Hearing it by this distant northern sea.
The Sea of Faith
Was once, too, at the full, and round earth's shore
Lay like the folds of a bright girdle furled.
But now I only hear
Its melancholy, long, withdrawing roar,
Retreating, to the breath
Of the night-wind, down the vast edges drear
And naked shingles of the world.
Ah, love, let us be true
To one another! for the world, which seems
To lie before us like a land of dreams,
So various, so beautiful, so new,
Hath really neither joy, nor love, nor light,
Nor certitude, nor peace, nor help for pain;
And we are here as on a darkling plain
Swept with confused alarms of struggle and flight,
Where ignorant armies clash by night.The sea is calm to-night.
The tide is full, the moon lies fair
Upon the straits; - on the French coast the light
Gleams and is gone; the cliffs of England stand,
Glimmering and vast, out in the tranquil bay.
Come to the window, sweet is the night-air!
Only, from the long line of spray
Where the sea meets the moon-blanch'd land,
Listen! you hear the grating roar
Of pebbles which the waves draw back, and fling,
At their return, up the high strand,
Begin, and cease, and then again begin,
With tremulous cadence slow, and bring
The eternal note of sadness in.
Sophocles long ago
Heard it on the {AE}gean, and it brought
Into his mind the turbid ebb and flow
Of human misery; we
Find also in the sound a thought,
Hearing it by this distant northern sea.
The Sea of Faith
Was once, too, at the full, and round earth's shore
Lay like the folds of a bright girdle furl'd.
But now I only hear
Its melancholy, long, withdrawing roar,
Retreating, to the breath
Of the night-wind, down the vast edges drear
And naked shingles of the world.
Ah, love, let us be true
To one another! for the world, which seems
To lie before us like a land of dreams,
So various, so beautiful, so new,
Hath really neither joy, nor love, nor light,
Nor certitude, nor peace, nor help for pain;
And we are here as on a darkling plain
Swept with confused alarms of struggle and flight,
Where ignorant armies clash by night.As shingle slides upon the shore
this gentle summer night, we stroll,
the great bear pointing to the pole
as if to prove what stars are for.
A far light winks once then is gone
as shingle slides upon the shore;
impermanence we know is law
and, hand in hand, we wander on
bemused by moonlight on the sea
and troubled by a distant war;
as shingle slides upon the shore
I turn to you and you to me
and though, above, the jet-planes roar,
the universe has come to be
a moon that's mirrored in the sea
as shingle slides upon the shore.Come praise unnecessary wars, although
Videos and narratives must disprove
Theses of  conspiracy theorists, who
Govern us from their pretended love
Of Freedom, and Democracy.  Rhetoric
Trumps reality, no facts must interfere
With their Dominion.   Never dare connect
Belief with fact, lest then there should appear
Black helicopters, agents unidentified
Who confiscate your dreams, and then deride
Plain evidence.  Time is not on your side,
You poets!   Write of waves and tides
That echo on some distant, white-cliffed shore -
Rattling pebbles,  gestures, winds -  no more.
2006Down to the beach
Down to the beach
On a sunny day we go
Beach bags packed with sun screen lotions
Hands rubbing people’s backs in slow motion
Glistening oily bodies radiating with sensation
Down to the beach
Down to the beach
Where a chilly sea breeze blows
Let’s have some fun
In the red-hot sun
Down to the beach
Only there the ladies reveal saucy behinds
Whenever the raging sun is still kind
Down to the beach
As never-ceasing waves play across the shores
People happily play dreading any rainy downpour
Down to the beach
Where young lovers closely nestle
As sand creatures cause the sand to bristle
Seagulls gliding in the air with screams and whistles
Kids picking up shells and building stormy sand castles
Down to the beach
Where mostly good vibes flow
Down to the beach
We go whilst there is still sun without snow
Sylviachidi.comLittle surfer chic
Cleaning out my clock.
Including a schematic,
Of your sensory socks.
Please care to move your foot
While
Rubbing round my leg,
Like a little surfer chic
Stroking it again.
Your sitting on a wave
Or riding my surf board
And I’m a shark in your ocean
While you swim from the shore.
Little hippy chic
I’ll rest my jaws on you
A playful bite
Of  a white
Whose ballast
Floats here too.
So little surfer girl
take a trip to your beach
And I’ll dig your hole
With my shovel
Until the ocean I’ve reached.
Copyright (c)       David DeSantisIT is a beauteous evening, calm and free,
The holy time is quiet as a Nun
Breathless with adoration; the broad sun
Is sinking down in its tranquillity;
The gentleness of heaven broods o'er the sea:
Listen! the mighty Being is awake,
And doth with his eternal motion make
A sound like thunder--everlastingly.
Dear Child! dear Girl! that walkest with me here,
If thou appear untouch'd by solemn thought,
Thy nature is not therefore less divine:
Thou liest in Abraham's bosom all the year;
And worshipp'st at the Temple's inner shrine,
God being with thee when we know it not.In his tenth July some instinct
taught him to arm the waiting wave,
a giant where its mouth hung open.
He rode on the lip that buoyed him there
and buckled him under. The beach was strung
with children paddling their ages in,
under the glare od noon chipping
its light out. He stood up, anonymous
and straight among them, between
their sand pails and nursery crafts.
The breakers cartwheeled in and over
to puddle their toes and test their perfect
skin. He was my brother, my small
Johnny brother, almost ten. We flopped
down upon a towel to grind the sand
under us and watched the Atlantic sea
move fire, like night sparklers;
and lost our weight in the festival
season. He dreamed, he said, to be
a man designed like a balanced wave…
how someday he would wait, giant
and straight.
Johnny, your dream moves summers
inside my mind.
He was tall and twenty that July,
but there was no balance to help;
only the shells came straight and even.
This was the first beach of assault;
the odor of death hung in the air
like rotting potatoes, the junkyard
of landing craft waited open and rusting.
The bodies were strung out as if they were
still reaching for each other, where they lay
to blacken, to burst through their perfect
skin. And Johnny Pole was one of them.
He gave in like a small wave, a sudden
hole in his belly and the years all gone
where the Pacific noon chipped its light out.
Like a bean bag, outflung, head loose
and anonymous, he lay. Did the sea move fire
for its battle season? Does he lie there
forever, where his rifle waits, giant
and straight?…I think you die again
and live again,
Johnny, each summer that moves inside
my mind.(Nonasyllabics)
In retrospect the tragic nature
of sea is a taste wept too daily,
too depleted by freedom's rupture;
the eyes have other secrets to see
and deeper use for the detritus
within us: the bright effluvium
of ego dries up, mired as it is
in wealth, that remedial medium.
Blame it on fate, on beach memories--
pebble put in the pocket or shell
fragments; any memento carries
us as much as we it. Time capsule
contains every evening's interval.
The ocean observes its own puddle.Palilan, Jimenez, Misamis Ocidental
circa 1996
here
sit on this shore
watch the silver tips
of the rumbling waves
pushed by the wind
who do not hold back
their wings
and forever bidding goodbyes
and forever abandoning my old blues
and are probably concernedTHE SUNLIGHT glitters keen and bright,
Where, miles away,
Lies stretching to my dazzled sight
A luminous belt, a misty light,
Beyond the dark pine bluffs and wastes of sandy gray.
The tremulous shadow of the Sea!
Against its ground
Of silvery light, rock, hill, and tree,
Still as a picture, clear and free,
With varying outline mark the coast for miles around.
On—on—we tread with loose-flung rein
Our seaward way,
Through dark-green fields and blossoming grain,
Where the wild brier-rose skirts the lane,
And bends above our heads the flowering locust spray.
Ha! like a kind hand on my brow
Comes this fresh breeze,
Cooling its dull and feverish glow,
While through my being seems to flow
The breath of a new life, the healing of the seas!
Now rest we, where this grassy mound
His feet hath set
In the great waters, which have bound
His granite ankles greenly round
With long and tangled moss, and weeds with cool spray wet.
Good-by to Pain and Care! I take
Mine ease to-day
Here where these sunny waters break,
And ripples this keen breeze, I shake
All burdens from the heart, all weary thoughts away.
I draw a freer breath, I seem
Like all I see—
Waves in the sun—the white-winged gleam—
Of sea-birds in the slanting beam—
And far-off sails which flit before the south-wind free.
So when Time’s veil shall fall asunder,
The soul may know
No fearful change, nor sudden wonder,
Nor sink the weight of mystery under,
But with the upward rise, and with the vastness grow.
And all we shrink from now may seem
No new revealing;
Familiar as our childhood’s stream,
Or pleasant memory of a dream
The loved and cherished Past upon the new life stealing.
Serene and mild the untried light
May have its dawning;
And, as in summer’s northern night
The evening and the dawn unite,
The sunset hues of Time blend with the soul’s new morning.
I sit alone; in foam and spray
Wave after wave
Breaks on the rocks which, stern and gray,
Shoulder the broken tide away,
Or murmurs hoarse and strong through mossy cleft and cave.
What heed I of the dusty land
And noisy town?
I see the mighty deep expand
From its white line of glimmering sand
To where the blue of heaven on bluer waves shuts down!
In listless quietude of mind,
I yield to all
The change of cloud and wave and wind
And passive on the flood reclined,
I wander with the waves, and with them rise and fall.
But look, thou dreamer! —wave and shore
In shadow lie;
The night-wind warns me back once more
To where, my native hill-tops o’er,
Bends like an arch of fire the glowing sunset sky.
So then, beach, bluff, and wave, farewell!
I bear with me
No token stone nor glittering shell,
But long and oft shall Memory tell
Of this brief thoughtful hour of musing by the Sea.As we walked along the beach, crashing waves
thundered in our ears and a light, salted mist,
dampened our lips.
The sun began to set and the voice of the beach,
traveled across the ocean waves.
'I am the beach, and here you shall find peace.
I am the beach, here you shall find love.
In this domain, my beach, the answers you
search for, could very well be found here.
For at this beach, there is much,
that has been revealed.
The sparkled, white grains of sand, that blanket
this beach, has been a bed of comfort, to many.
Pause, as you come upon this beach, and listen
to the symphony of waves and the chorus of
birds, singing their song, as they glide in the wind.
Feel the power of this beach, as it seems to
renew your inner being. You need not question
the beach and its mystical powers. For as
millions before you have found, the beach...
and its magical transference to one...have
existed, since the beginning of time.
Be not troubled, for the beach is close at
hand. You need only to deliver your strife,
to the tranquility of the beach and it shall
be exercised from you.
When you go from this beach...leave with
the peace that you have found here.'
© Joe Faziosomewhere in my darkness there was a spark
today it ignited rare thoughts of you
only seconds before....
I had stuck the cold barrel of a gun
directly beneath the gap in my front teeth
and into the far reaches of my
ninety proof alcohol drenched mouth
squeezing the cheeks of my ass tighter
so as not to blow my brains onto the floor
I steadied my trembling hand
wishing instead
to paint the walls and ceiling
with all that remained of my love
___a masterpiece for martyrs
my humanity
I had drained with my last piss
death was inviting me over
for one last drink of my own self pity
I was ready to accept its invitation
when somewhere in my darkness
there was that tiny little spark
which ignited rare thoughts of you
.....it was then I knew I didn't want to die
without you BitchI saw from the beach, when the morning was shining,
A bark o'er the waters move gloriously on;
I came when the sun o'er that beach was declining,
The bark was still there, but the waters were gone.
And such is the fate of our life's early promise,
So passing the spring-tide of joy we have known;
Each wave that we danced on at morning ebbs from us,
And leaves us, at eve, on the bleak shore alone.
Oh, who would not welcome that moment's returning
When passion first waked a new life through his frame,
And his soul, like the wood that grows precious in burning,
Gave out all its sweets to love's exquisite flame.On a summer break
Do not read your law books
It is a chance for you
To the see the moon
In boracay beachPlash…keesh… plash…keesh
the waves throw themselves
onto the pebbly beach,
but as if they regret their own angry generosity,
pull back a sieved undertow of finer pebbles
mixed with rogh toe-grating sand;
their generosity the swathe of larger pebbles
which gleam like jewels, before the salt-water
dries them into centuries of scratched, scoured surface,
dull as familiarity.
That swathe of jewels – magic to a child;
but now I’m older, yields a mental miracle
of nature ceaselessly at work:
green bottle-glass pebble –  rounded to a smooth, safe shape
for the child to spot and pick up –
that’s easy to trace:  from fishermen’s magic globes, the net-floats,
or bottles thrown  carelessly overboard
on some romantic cruise..
white chalk – that’s easy too: final shape
whose roundness may resist at last the restless sea
chewing away at Dover’s so emotive cliffs;
just the right size for a tiny fist
to write on concrete; it could write but scratch
that slate or blackboard with its ABC.
a gorgeous mottled red: as if from pillar
of some exotic Eastern temple; a closer look
suggests some mighty compression of the earth
that’s left a substance just about halfway
between soft Devon clay and harder granite;
and here a softer red; shaped from some brick
the sea has stolen from some poor defence;
but that will write too, stir a first artistic effort
setting off the white; but leave a trace of itself
on that small, tight fist;
now the shades of green – the hardest stone,
serpentine, which glows when wet or waxed:
how long did this stone take
to shape – and then to roll on ocean floor
from distant shore and ancient mountain range?
a whole range of semi-transparent yellow-browns,
agate and suchlike, best when wet; their structure
easily breaks down, too small for fun;
but here’s a slatey grey, veined with white, as if
some modern sculptor had seen its possible potential,
smoothed it with a loving hand; nature,
says the aesthete, meeting art..
the occasional alabaster sparkler just survives;
so dull now, that you’ll need to smash it first;
but here’s the pride of all this sea-tossed mile of treasure trove:
a ravishing, smooth, moon-white marble, maiden aristocrat;
how long, how far, to roll and sieve this
like some ageless prospector sieving for gold or diamond?
what Greek palace tipped by an earthquake
into a blue Aegean sea? Into the crummy pocket of the shorts
that one goes, to line up with its kinsfolk
on the window-sill..
a sea-shore (you can hear it in the word itself..) ,
a beach, a child with blowing hair and eager eyes;
these two spell happiness; live nature’s most compatible."Tie stille, barn min!
Imorgen kommer Fin,
Fa'er din,
Og gi'er dich Esbern Snares öine og hjerte at lege med!"
Zealand Rhyme.
"BUILD at Kallundborg by the sea
A church as stately as church may be,
And there shalt thou wed my daughter fair,"
Said the Lord of Nesvek to Esbern Snare.
And the Baron laughed. But Esbern said,
"Though I lose my soul, I will Helva wed!"
And off he strode, in his pride of will,
To the Troll who dwelt in Ulshoi hill.
"Build, O Troll, a church for me
At Kallundborg by the mighty sea;
Build it stately, and build it fair,
Build it quickly," said Esbern Snare.
But the sly Dwarf said, "No work is wrought
By Trolls of the Hills, O man, for naught.
What wilt thou give for thy church so fair?"
"Set thy own price," quoth Esbern Snare.
"When Kallundborg church is builded well,
Thou must the name of its builder tell,
Or thy heart and thy eyes must be my boon."
"Build," said Esbern, "and build it soon."
By night and by day the Troll wrought on;
He hewed the timbers, he piled the stone;
But day by day, as the walls rose fair,
Darker and sadder grew Esbern Snare.
He listened by night, he watched by day,
He sought and thought, but he dared not pray;
In vain he called on the Elle-maids shy,
And the Neck and the Nis gave no reply.
Of his evil bargain far and wide
A rumor ran through the country-side;
And Helva of Nesvek, young and fair,
Prayed for the soul of Esbern Snare.
And now the church was wellnigh done;
One pillar it lacked, and one alone;
And the grim Troll muttered, "Fool thou art!
To-morrow gives me thy eyes and heart!"
By Kallundborg in black despair,
Through wood and meadow, walked Esbern Snare,
Till, worn and weary, the strong man sank
Under the birches on Ulshoi bank.
At his last day's work he heard the Troll
Hammer and delve in the quarry's hole;
Before him the church stood large and fair:
"I have builded my tomb," said Esbern Snare.
And he closed his eyes the sight to hide,
When he heard a light step at his side:
"O Esbern Snare! a sweet voice said,
"Would I might die now in thy stead!"
With a grasp by love and by fear made strong,
He held her fast, and he held her long;
With the beating heart of a bird afeard,
She hid her face in his flame-red beard.
"O love!" he cried, "let me look to-day
In thine eyes ere mine are plucked away;
Let me hold thee close, let me feel thy heart
Ere mine by the Troll is torn apart!
"I sinned, O Helva, for love of thee!
Pray that the Lord Christ pardon me!"
But fast as she prayed, and faster still,
Hammered the Troll in Ulshoi hill.
He knew, as he wrought, that a loving heart
Was somehow baffling his evil art;
For more than spell of Elf or Troll
Is a maiden's prayer for her lover's soul.
And Esbern listened, and caught the sound
Of a Troll-wife singing underground:
"To-morrow comes Fine, father thine:
Lie still and hush thee, baby mine!
"Lie still, my darling! next sunrise
Thou'lt play with Esbern Snare's heart and eyes!"
"Ho! ho!" quoth Esbern, "is that your game?
Thanks to the Troll-wife, I know his name!"
The Troll he heard him, and hurried on
To Kallundborg church with the lacking stone.
"Too late, Gaffer Fine!" cried Esbern Snare;
And Troll and pillar vanished in air!
That night the harvesters heard the sound
Of a woman sobbing underground,
And the voice of the Hill-Troll loud with blame
Of the careless singer who told his name.
Of the Troll of the Church they sing the rune
By the Northern Sea in the harvest moon;
And the fishers of Zealand hear him still
Scolding his wife in Ulshoi hill.
And seaward over its groves of birch
Still looks the tower of Kallundborg church
Where, first at its altar, a wedded pair,
Stood Helva of Nesvek and Esbern Snare!just hold my hand, love
lead me to heaven
under the stars
by the side of the sea,
just sit by my side, love
and let our eyes say our thoughts
fingers in the sand
spell out your love for me
listen to the waves, love
as they strike against the rocks
they drum out a message
of your love just for me
just hold my hand tightly love
lead me to the cove
our special secret place
for all eternity
just hold me in your arms, love
let my ears hear your heart
it beats strong and loud
it beats for only me
just gaze at the stars, love
as they twinkle in the twilight
they fllash a special morse code
that sings your love for me
as the shadows lengthen, love
and the sun enters the sea
your fingers in my hair
love me warm and tenderly
the moon has risen high, love
your beloved face so silvery
joy shines out from within your eyes
as my lashes close langourously
just you and me love
no one else, only the warm blue sea
golden sands, swaying palms
only you and only me
just hold my hand, love
lead me to heaven
under the stars
by the side of the sea,
just sit by my side, love
and let our eyes say our thoughts
fingers in the sand
spell out your love for me
listen to the waves, love
as they strike against the rocks
they drum out a message
of your love just for me
just hold my hand tightly love
lead me to the cove
our special secret place
for all eternity
just hold me in your arms, love
let my ears hear your heart
it beats strong and loud
it beats for only me
just gaze at the stars, love
as they twinkle in the twilight
they fllash a special morse code
that sings your love for me
as the shadows lengthen, love
and the sun enters the sea
your fingers in my hair
love me warm and tenderly
the moon has risen high, love
your beloved face so silvery
joy shines out from within your eyes
as my lashes close langourously
just you and me love
no one else, only the warm blue sea
golden sands, swaying palms
only you and only me
< br>
just hold my hand, love
lead me to heaven
under the stars
by the side of the sea,
just sit by my side, love
and let our eyes say our thoughts
fingers in the sand
spell out your love for me
listen to the waves, love
as they strike against the rocks
they drum out a message
of your love just for me
just hold my hand tightly love
lead me to the cove
our special secret place
for all eternity
just hold me in your arms, love
let my ears hear your heart
it beats strong and loud
it beats for only me
just gaze at the stars, love
as they twinkle in the twilight
they fllash a special morse code
that sings your love for me
as the shadows lengthen, love
and the sun enters the sea
your fingers in my hair
love me warm and tenderly
the moon has risen high, love
your beloved face so silvery
joy shines out from within your eyes
as my lashes close langourously
just you and me love
no one else, only the warm blue sea
golden sands, swaying palms
only you and only me
just hold my hand, love
lead me to heaven
under the stars
by the side of the sea,
just sit by my side, love
and let our eyes say our thoughts
fingers in the sand
spell out your love for me
listen to the waves, love
as they strike against the rocks
they drum out a message
of your love just for me
just hold my hand tightly love
lead me to the cove
our special secret place
for all eternity
just hold me in your arms, love
let my ears hear your heart
it beats strong and loud
it beats for only me
just gaze at the stars, love
as they twinkle in the twilight
they fllash a special morse code
that sings your love for me
as the shadows lengthen, love
and the sun enters the sea
your fingers in my hair
love me warm and tenderly
the moon has risen high, love
your beloved face so silvery
joy shines out from within your eyes
as my lashes close langourously
just you and me love
no one else, only the warm blue sea
golden sands, swaying palms
only you and only meTo the beach, my dog and I run,
Play catch frisbees, just for fun.
Umbrella's to block the sun,
Waves crash upon the sand.
My dog chases gulls that try to land. Sky so blue, sand so white,
My dog and I, were up at daylight.
Winds are warm and blowing slight,
Ocean sprays, dog strays,
Sand blows, through our toes. It gets cool, the sun goes down,
My dog and I, head back to town.
It's time we leave the beach to rest.
After all, we were just a guest.
All the birds have flown away.
We will come back, another day.
Just me and my dog, to play.Cloudless the day with blue vaulting it's way
Into the air and sea. Running the length
Of the cove and foaming at breakpoint, swaying
Wavelets, their cotton-wool edgings resenting
Speed, shushed by the tide, begin gentle ride
To shore with lullaby sound, they reach ground
And flatten, soundlessly. Canoes come gliding
The length of the shimmering bay, around
Yachts, tacking in breeze, and all become one
With the flickering diamond-struck cove, millpond
Still, and quiet today, Meadfoot beach shone.
Cafe' chairs askew, we laughed as fondly,
Owners training young dog tried practising
Alongside sandy waves, but puppy,  foam-
Struck, chased away when called, and came back
Dancing wet delight,  so was taken home.
As children battled to keep castles dry
From tide, I head home, whispering goodbye.We went to the beach to get wind in our hair
to stand on the sand and simply to stare.
To let the surf tickle toes and dampen our clothes
as we played 'run away'
from the wavelets at play.
We went to the beach to climb on the rocks
find cool shallow pools where we'd take of our socks,
and peer in the waters to see what we might find
that the waves of the sea,
had last left behind.
We went to the beach to find coloured shells
the kind that when placed to our ears
make the sound of the ocean appear,
and gathered rocks that we never would find
in the places we walked,
for most of the time.
We went to the beach and all that, we did find
and the smell of the salt refreshed our tired minds.
I'll never forget the laughter and sounds
and the freedom to run,
on that wet sandy ground.
We went to the beach my family and I
and there we were one,
with the ocean, the beach, and the sky.When Mother was a young girl,
what would she have felt
to be shown how her life would turn out—
her husband and sons,
and how things went with the family,
later a grandchild dead at 13,
four surviving to bring in
still another generation?
When she was on the beach, say,
in Atlantic City in that picture from the'30s,
skin fair and fresh as apple flesh,
looking into the camera
like a comet at a sky
it's about to cross?
Could she have seen
the crone she is at 85,
Or leaving her beloved east coast
for a life in the midwest?
I don't think so. Nor
the dignity life has conferred upon her
through hard choices
and tears.My Garden—like the Beach—
Denotes there be—a Sea—
That's Summer—
Such as These—the Pearls
She fetches—such as MeAlong side the sea shore I walk,
Alone, none by my side to talk,
Every evening in the Juhu Beach,
Very near my house to reach.
On the sands, Policemen in the jeep,
A vigil, up and down, they keep,
For the safety, in their daily rounds,
Of the visiting tourists.
The hot spicy fast food vendors,
Sell the food to their customers,
With pungent smell of different sorts,
From their glass case moving carts,
Some kids build a sand castle.
Some dig deep pits with a tussle.
Some play cricket, the players
Unmindful of the beach walkers.
Some, for a swim, jump into the sea,
Some stand, with fear, near the sea,
Some pick up fresh shells in the water
And yet others throw rubbish into the water.
Young couples hug each other,
As they move, step by step, closer,
Into their own imaginary paradise,
Not caring for other's prejudice.
Fishermen with their pricy catch,
Looking for a fair price to fetch,
Dock their boats on the pitch,
Marked reserved for them each.
A group of retired old men,
Busy on subjects in common,
Talk about their days bygone,
And pristine glories one by one.
I, for one, go on my own way,
On the wet side of the bay,
Keeping my view on the seaside,
And the landside panorama aside.
The red ball of the setting sun,
Descending slowly into the horizon,
Appear to drown itself in the sea, Arabian,
Before the eyes of men and women.
For a moment my imagination,
Runs riot now and then,
To the sea what'll happen
When this scene becomes a real one?
Then will there be a sea
For any one of us to see?
Or will the earth survive
For any one of us to live?
What is seen goes unbelievable!
What is unseen is believable!
The ways of nature are quite funny
And appear to be deceptive really!Early one evening
I caught the lore
Of the fresh air
From the calm sea shore
I crept out of bed
Then out of the house
I made not a sound
Just like a mouse
I walked down the path
On to the sand
Loving the sea
And the layer of the land
I walked to the water
My feet felt it splash
I listen to the birds
And the waves crash
I looked in the distance
The suns going down
I backed from the water
And sat on the ground
The skies changing colors
From purple violet to red
I sat back resting
Relaxing my head
The sky continued to change
Every color shades
Every color bright and vivid
Not a one cascades
Orange yellow white
To gray
Theses beautiful colors
End another day
I watch the night
Slowly enter
Feeling as though
I’m in the center
I feel relaxed
Fully at peace
Watching the night
Fully increase
The colors are gone
The night is now black
I can’t wait till tomorrow
When the colors come back
I lay there awhile
Then get up and start walking
Stars shining bright
The crickets now talking
Of the sun setting colors I think
As I lay back in my bed
Their beauty their shade and their life
All relaxing inside of my headHmm... such a fresh air I smell
On the beach of the dreamland,
Hmm… the sun seems to fit so well,
On the mantel of the golden sand.
Look… the sea is inviting me,
To bath in the kingdom of mermaids,
This is the only place it seems to be
The perfect spot for lovers and their maids.
Oh… I can see a couple having fun,
And I can see the children stand,
Under the hot and shiny sun,
Building lovely castles from the sand.
And as for me, I’ll let them be,
I’m going to have another peach,
My piña colada is waiting for me,
While I’ll write my poem on the Negrils beach.
27/02/08a nude beach
looks like fun
yet my pale moon
should never see the sun
but to my pleading wife
I gave in at last
and now my life
is a pain in the ass.Omaha Beach.
Who fought for freedom there?
Was there a single coward
or were they all like me?
La Liberté, they sang,
as bullets from those Mausers
brought their own deadly welcome.
What if they gave a war
a question full of logic,
and not a single soul
would show his frightened face.On A Far Away Beach At Dawn
Your face is etched in the stars that dot a sky about to lose its black
Mirrored as a reflection on a luminous sheet of sea at low tide
The image skittered like sand pipers dissolving as the first rays
Of an impatient sun scattered light on the slate gray sand
A harsh westerly blew to shore and slapped my face
Assails my nose with the briny redolence of shoreline waste
From afar clam diggers sat on empty pails digging and
Poking with bamboo spatulas the water logged sand
I heard your voice mingle with the twittering of the shore birds
As they skipped and darted leaving their v marks on the glistening sand
I thought of my easy chair, my garden, I thought of your smile...of home
A harsh westerly slapped my face, a briny redolence assailed my nose.On a rocky beach
I fished my fresh fish
From that rocky beach
Some time agoWind whines and whines the shingle,
The crazy pierstakes groan;
A senile sea numbers each single
Slimesilvered stone.
From whining wind and colder
Grey sea I wrap him warm
And touch his trembling fineboned shoulder
And boyish arm.
Around us fear, descending
Darkness of fear above
And in my heart how deep unending
Ache of love!ON the beach at night alone,
As the old mother sways her to and fro, singing her husky song,
As I watch the bright stars shining--I think a thought of the clef of
the universes, and of the future.
A VAST SIMILITUDE interlocks all,
All spheres, grown, ungrown, small, large, suns, moons, planets,
comets, asteroids,
All the substances of the same, and all that is spiritual upon the
same,
All distances of place, however wide,
All distances of time--all inanimate forms,
All Souls--all living bodies, though they be ever so different, or in
different worlds,
All gaseous, watery, vegetable, mineral processes--the fishes, the
brutes,                                                      10
All men and women--me also;
All nations, colors, barbarisms, civilizations, languages;
All identities that have existed, or may exist, on this globe, or any
globe;
All lives and deaths--all of the past, present, future;
This vast similitude spans them, and always has spann'd, and shall
forever span them, and compactly hold them, and enclose them.ON the beach, at night,
Stands a child, with her father,
Watching the east, the autumn sky.
Up through the darkness,
While ravening clouds, the burial clouds, in black masses spreading,
Lower, sullen and fast, athwart and down the sky,
Amid a transparent clear belt of ether yet left in the east,
Ascends, large and calm, the lord-star Jupiter;
And nigh at hand, only a very little above,
Swim the delicate brothers, the Pleiades.                          10
From the beach, the child, holding the hand of her father,
Those burial-clouds that lower, victorious, soon to devour all,
Watching, silently weeps.
Weep not, child,
Weep not, my darling,
With these kisses let me remove your tears;
The ravening clouds shall not long be victorious,
They shall not long possess the sky- shall devour the stars only in
apparition:
Jupiter shall emerge- be patient- watch again another night- the
Pleiades shall emerge,
They are immortal- all those stars, both silvery and golden, shall
shine out again,                                             20
The great stars and the little ones shall shine out again- they
endure;
The vast immortal suns, and the long-enduring pensive moons, shall
again shine.
Then, dearest child, mournest thou only for Jupiter?
Considerest thou alone the burial of the stars?
Something there is,
(With my lips soothing thee, adding, I whisper,
I give thee the first suggestion, the problem and indirection,)
Something there is more immortal even than the stars,
(Many the burials, many the days and nights, passing away,)
Something that shall endure longer even than lustrous Jupiter,     30
Longer than sun, or any revolving satellite,
Or the radiant brothers, the Pleiades.The waves race up the shore,
and then retreat quickly.
It’s hard to tell what they seek
or what they leave behind.
Children paddle at the waters edge
and then scramble to higher ground.
Making believe each in coming wave
is chasing after them.
Seagulls fly overhead,
looking down upon it all,
waiting to swoop down,
should any child let his ice cream fall.
The parents with newspapers sheltering their heads
are so unaware of the dramas played out there,
as children play,
happily on the beach.
(29 May 2007)At dawn, bare footed, viewing as far as eyes can reach,
the water's edge advances and recedes along the beach.
Before me I see a carpet of half-buried shells of sea-creatures,
tide washed and rippled in sodden sand along the beach.
I move, exploring, sodden sand oozing between my toes,
beyond me the wavelets breaking on the sand along the beach.
Behind me, my wandering trail is blurred and indistinct,
as the water's edge advances and recedes along the beach.
At mid-day, on the soft dry sand behind the water's edge,
undressed worshippers lie in the sun that beats down along the beach.
At night, the moon's reflection at the water's edge
resembles sea serpents playing in the wavelets along the beach.Please don't tie me up in a relation,
please don't ask me silly questions,
please don't take away me freedom,
please don't sweet talk,
i know without you I'd have to walk.
Please don't buy me flowers,
please don't light up like a tower,
please don't make promises,
please don't make my heart who misses,
fake hugs and fake kisses,
please get out of my life when it's all over,
please don't look for me like a rover,
please don't let me be your lover,
please don't get emotional,
i won't cry coz i am rational,
please don't look like i betrayed you,
who said i ever loved you? ,
please don't try to negotiate,
please stop pretending and don't agitate,
please don't take my heart away,
please let the sand slip away,
please don't behave like a leech,
am only asking for *** on the beach.Waves crashing on the beach
Sand in my toes
Sun setting
Trees swaying
Throwing rounds rocks in the water
Lying in each others arms
Birds on a log
Crabs crawling along the waters edge
Our footprints through the sand
Scattered like the stars in the skyIt is always the dispossessed—
someone driving a huge rusted Dodge
that’s burning oil, and must cost
twenty-five dollars to fill.
Today before seven I saw, through
the morning fog, his car leave the road,
turning into the field. It must be
his day off, I thought, or he’s out
of work and drinking, or getting stoned.
Or maybe as much as anything
he wanted to see
where the lane through the hay goes.
It goes to the bluff overlooking
the lake, where we’ve cleared
brush, swept the slippery oak
leaves from the path, and tried to destroy
the poison ivy that runs
over the scrubby, sandy knolls.
Sometimes in the evening I’ll hear
gunshots or firecrackers. Later a car
needing a new muffler backs out
to the road, headlights withdrawing
from the lowest branches of the pines.
Next day I find beer cans, crushed;
sometimes a few fish too small
to bother cleaning and left
on the moss to die; or the leaking
latex trace of outdoor love....
Once I found the canvas sling chairs
broken up and burned.
Whoever laid the fire gathered stones
to contain it, like a boy pursuing
a merit badge, who has a dream of work,
and proper reward for work.There are things in life that everybody wants….
She believes that in order to find the perfect shell
one has to comb a lot of beaches; walking for miles
barefoot in the foamy wash, with the sun by your side
and the past behind you for better or worse. She believes
perfection exists as with sand and water, sun and sky;
certain things like us are meant to grow old together,
once having discovered one another. For it is
in those moments, when the sun and sky close their eyes.
that the moon will ebb the tide and the water will depart
from the sandy shore leaving behind for our discovery
that perfect shell. The one everybody wants…..
2008 © TSa mother tells a story to her son
'there are three men
one of them went to the beach
and found a beautiful shell in the beach
then he showed it to another man
a beautiful shell he discovered
the last one heard from others
that there's beautiful shell in the beach.'
the mother looks to her son then smiles
'now my child,
from three of them
which one who really knows
the beauty of the shell in the beach? '
from C.M.B.Oh they won't let us show it at the beach no they won't let us show it at the beach
They think we're gonna grab it if it gets within our reach
And they won't let us show it at the beach
But you can show it in your parlor to most anyone you choose
You can show it at a party with your second shot of booze
You can show it on the corner wearin' overcoat and shoes
But they won't let us show it at the beach
No they won't let us show it at the beach friends
Ah they won't us show it at the beach
Oh they're sure we're gonna grab it if it gets within our reach
So they won't let us show it at the beach
But you can show it in the movies on the cineramic screen
You can show it in the most sophisticated magazine
You can show it while you're bouncing on the high school trampoline
But they won't let us show it at the beach
But if you've got a gun it's legal to display it on your hip
You can show your butcher knives to any interested kid
But if it's made for lovin' then you'd better keep it hid
And they won't let us show it at the beachStanding On The Beach
We are standing on the beach
Watching the sunset slowly go down
With  this slow blowing breeze
and waves rolling across our feet
With you standing so ever close
You in front and me just behind
With our hands so ever inter twined
With your hair blowing in my face
It smelling so ever saccharine
I loosen one hand reach up
And pull your hair aside
Then I lean my head so ever slightly
Towards your sweet smell neck
Then I begin to lightly kiss it
from top to bottom
I can notice the chill bumps
Across your exposed skin
You moan so ever slightly
As to give your approval
You softly curse my head
As to want me to continue
This so ever lightly kissing of the neckBirds swimming in the sky
Colours blended with the kite
Beach's gleaming in sandy white
Sun shining a beauty in my eye.
Boats sliding pass sunbather's row
As they gaze up the sky so blue
Images painted on clouds so white
A background to my imaginary flight.
I was there and where were you
Nowhere to perceive but just a shadow,
In the shades of trees and sandy beaches
An image reflected on water's surface,
A mirage of you lost in the shady trees
Lost in the sky's white coloured shades.
In nature and in man's work of wonder
We get lost to find and discover
The truth an image in our mind reveals
As we fly up high and come down our heels.
Out here we lay by the sun's rays,
Counting footsteps on the sandy beaches.that beach where we sit together
beside the sea
where our hands stretch out
to be held again
like yesterday
is actually a vow, a promise
that never shall again
the sea and the earth part
like two lovers taking opposite ways
the sea licks the thighs of the earth
and the earth surrenders
in utter pleasureI'd like to return to the world again,
To the dutiful, work-a-day world of men, -
For I'm sick of the beach-comber's lot,
Of the one volcano flaming hot,
With the snow round its edge and the fire in its throat,
And the tropical island that seems a-float
Like a world set in space all alone in the sea . . .
How I wish that a ship, it would stop for me.
I'm sick of the brown girl that loves me, I'm sick
Of the cocoanut groves, - you can't take me too quick
From this place, though it's rich in all nature can give . . .
For I want to return where it's harder to live,
Where men struggle for life, where they work and find sweet
Their rest after toil, and the food that they eat . . .
What? A ship's in the offing? . . . dear God, let me hide, -
They're in need of a sailor, are waiting for the tide
To put off? . . . I will hide where the great cliff hangs sheer -
Give 'em mangoes and goats, and don't tell 'em I'm here!The summer we spent at the beach
left us far from where we started.
You were content to spend your days,
nights, in quiet somnambulism.
Spending endless days without
waking or caring or seeing the
turbulent waves slowly pulling
the sand from under our feet.
While I spent my days walking the dunes
looking for driftwood and shells,
sweet pea flowers and scrub pines.
The days were cool and the seagulls
called their warning.
They should have been whispering
my name, that and goodbye.The beach is where I want to go,
To listen to the ocean voices ebb and flow.
Lather on the sun block,
And come near the shore and take a walk.
The athletes playing beach volleyball,
And listen to the seagulls call.
The seagulls chasing after bread,
Beach-goers ducking and covering thier heads.
The ocean breeze going through my hair.
Children throwing sand everywhere.
Playing in the cerulean tide,
Watching the sun behind the horizon, so wide.
People on thier stomachs to get brown and tan,
Getting thier bronzer all over thier hands.
Getting a whiff of the salty spray,
The beach is the place to get away.Salt spray on your lips
crashing waves crescendo in your ears
breaking upon cragged rocks
of ancient fears
until a gentle mist
from the distance falls
subduing sound and wind
and wafting on the air
the sound of tranquil music
as shadows dance
and the sun drifts out of sight
the sand warm beneath your feet
wind gentle in your hair
scented spray takes your senses
into raptures no one but you could know
and as you open your eyes
I fill them with my soft deep blueness
arms entwine your body
with such embrace as moonlight
has for snow capped mountains
and as your head swirls
you are lost in the sweetest wine
of such deep kisses
made of some magic time
when lips could only utter
such loving tenderness
that makes hearts melt
into one another.I'll walk beside you hand in hand
Where the golden surf cries out for land.
With every dream within our reach
Where the sea comes in to kiss the beach.I once ate a peach on the beach.Louder than gulls the little children scream
Whom fathers haul into the jovial foam;
But others fearlessly rush in, breast high,
Laughing the salty water from their mouthes-
Heroes of the nursery.
The horny boatman, who has seen whales
And flying fishes, who has sailed as far
As Demerara and the Ivory Coast,
Will warn them, when they crowd to hear his tales,
That every ocean smells of tar.Squat, unshaven, full of gas,
Joseph Samuels, former clerk
in four large cities, out of work,
waits in the darkened underpass.
In sanctuary, out of reach,
he stares at the fading light outside:
the rain beginning: hears the tide
that drums along the empty beach.
When drops first fell at six o'clock,
the bathers left. The last car's gone.
Sun's final rays reflect upon
the streaking rain, the rambling dock.
He takes an object from his coat
and holds it tightly in his hand
(eyes on the stretch of endless sand) .
And then, in darkness, cuts his throat.FOR the fairest maid in Hampton
They needed not to search,
Who saw young Anna favor
Come walking into church,--
Or bringing from the meadows,
At set of harvest-day,
The frolic of the blackbirds,
The sweetness of the hay.
Now the weariest of all mothers,
The saddest two years' bride,
She scowls in the face of her husband,
And spurns her child aside.
"Rake out the red coals, goodman,--
For there the child shall lie,
Till the black witch comes to fetch her
And both up chimney fly.
"It's never my own little daughter,
It's never my own," she said;
"The witches have stolen my Anna,
And left me an imp instead.
"Oh, fair and sweet was my baby,
Blue eyes, and hair of gold;
But this is ugly and wrinkled,
Cross, and cunning, and old.
"I hate the touch of her fingers,
I hate the feel of her skin;
It's not the milk from my bosom,
But my blood, that she sucks in.
"My face grows sharp with the torment;
Look! my arms are skin and bone!
Rake open the red coals, goodman,
And the witch shall have her own.
"She'll come when she hears it crying,
In the shape of an owl or bat,
And she'll bring us our darling Anna
In place of her screeching brat."
Then the goodman, Ezra Dalton,
Laid his hand upon her head:
Thy sorrow is great, O woman!
I sorrow with thee," he said.
"The paths to trouble are many
And never but one sure way
Leads out to the light beyond it:
My poor wife, let us pray."
Then he said to the great All-Father,
"Thy daughter is weak and blind;
Let her sight come back, and clothe her
Once more in her right mind.
"Lead her out of this evil shadow,
Out of these fancies wild;
Let the holy love of the mother
Turn again to her child.
"Make her lips like the lips of Mary
Kissing her blessed Son;
Let her hands, like the hands of Jesus,
Rest on her little one.
"Comfort the soul of thy handmaid,
Open her prison-door,
And thine shall be all the glory
And praise forevermore."
Then into the face of its mother
The baby looked up and smiled;
And the cloud of her soul was lifted,
And she knew her little child.
A beam of the slant west sunshine
Made the wan face almost fair,
Lit the blue eyes' patient wonder
And the rings of pale gold hair.
She kissed it on lip and forehead,
She kissed it on cheek and chink
And she bared her snow-white bosom
To the lips so pale and thin.
Oh, fair on her bridal morning
Was the maid who blushed and smiled,
But fairer to Ezra Dalton
Looked the mother of his child.
With more than a lover's fondness
He stooped to her worn young face,
And the nursing child and the mother
He folded in one embrace.
"Blessed be God!" he murmured.
"Blessed be God!" she said;
"For I see, who once was blinded,--
I live, who once was dead.
"Now mount and ride, my goodman,
As thou lovest thy own soul!
Woe's me, if my wicked fancies
Be the death of Goody Cole!"
His horse he saddled and bridled,
And into the night rode he,
Now through the great black woodland,
Now by the white-beached sea.
He rode through the silent clearings,
He came to the ferry wide,
And thrice he called to the boatman
Asleep on the other side.
He set his horse to the river,
He swam to Newbury town,
And he called up Justice Sewall
In his nightcap and his gown.
And the grave and worshipful justice
(Upon whose soul be peace!)
Set his name to the jailer's warrant
For Goodwife Cole's release.
Then through the night the hoof-beats
Went sounding like a flail;
And Goody Cole at cockcrow
Came forth from Ipswich jail.
.Upon a lonely desart Beach
Where the white foam was scatter'd,
A little shed uprear'd its head
Though lofty Barks were shatter'd.
The Sea-weeds gath'ring near the door,
A sombre path display'd;
And, all around, the deaf'ning roar,
Re-echo'd on the chalky shore,
By the green billows made.
Above, a jutting cliff was seen
Where Sea Birds hover'd, craving;
And all around, the craggs were bound
With weeds- for ever waving.
And here and there, a cavern wide
Its shad'wy jaws display'd;
And near the sands, at ebb of tide,
A shiver'd mast was seen to ride
Where the green billows stray'd.
And often, while the moaning wind
Stole o'er the Summer Ocean;
The moonlight scene, was all serene,
The waters scarce in motion:
Then, while the smoothly slanting sand
The tall cliff wrapp'd in shade,
The Fisherman beheld a band
Of Spectres, gliding hand in hand-
Where the green billows play'd.
And pale their faces were, as snow,
And sullenly they wander'd:
And to the skies with hollow eyes
They look'd as though they ponder'd.
And sometimes, from their hammock shroud,
They dismal howlings made,
And while the blast blew strong and loud
The clear moon mark'd the ghastly croud,
Where the green billows play'd!
And then, above the haunted hut
The Curlews screaming hover'd;
And the low door with furious roar
The frothy breakers cover'd.
For, in the Fisherman's lone shed
A MURDER'D MAN was laid,
With ten wide gashes in his head
And deep was made his sandy bed
Where the green billows play'd.
A Shipwreck'd Mariner was he,
Doom'd from his home to sever;
Who swore to be thro' wind and sea
Firm and undaunted ever!
And when the wave resistless roll'd,
About his arm he made
A packet rich of Spanish gold,
And, like a British sailor, bold,
Plung'd, where the billows play'd!
The Spectre band, his messmates brave
Sunk in the yawning ocean,
While to the mast he lash'd him fast
And brav'd the storm's commotion.
The winter moon, upon the sand
A silv'ry carpet made,
And mark'd the Sailor reach the land,
And mark'd his murd'rer wash his hand
Where the green billows play'd.
And since that hour the Fisherman
Has toil'd and toil'd in vain!
For all the night, the moony light
Gleams on the specter'd main!
And when the skies are veil'd in gloom,
The Murd'rer's liquid way
Bounds o'er the deeply yawning tomb,
And flashing fires the sands illume,
Where the green billows play!
Full thirty years his task has been,
Day after day more weary;
For Heav'n design'd, his guilty mind
Should dwell on prospects dreary.
Bound by a strong and mystic chain,
He has not pow'r to stray;
But, destin'd mis'ry to sustain,
He wastes, in Solitude and Pain-
A loathsome life away.Oh, how I missed you, Lonely Beach,
Where I have left my soul,
The rugged rocks surround me,
I sit there, lost, alone.
Before me is the ocean,
The stormy Irish Sea,
It comes to me, I’m part of you,
And know, you’re part of me.
You send a wave to kiss my feet,
And then you back away,
You tantalise, you hypnotise,
You hold me, make me sway.
I grip the rock to steady me,
Lest I fall in too deep,
I’m lost in love for you now,
The way back now, so steep.
Another wave comes crashing,
Bestows a gentle kiss,
And now I get to taste you,
You linger on my lips.
I’m filled now with a passion,
For you, I can’t ignore,
I’m satisfied, contented,
And leave you on the shore.lift your skirt
thump your feet to the waves
a flamenco at beach
flamenco beach
the waves
a flamenco outing
lulling me to sleep
a rolling flamenco at sea
flamenco beachApril Cannon Beach
the sea lions too taken up
by the sights
April Cannon Beach
we join the sea lions
in their songs of praise
Oregan Coast March
a fountain of
whales
Every spring, gray whales make their way north from the breeding grounds of Baja California to the summer playground of the Bering Sea. Traveling about five miles per hour, it takes the whale some three weeks to make the journey, passing the scenic Oregon coast in late March and April. Stop in Cannon Beach to see Haystack Rock, the artsy little hamlet of Yachats, backed by verdant Cape Perpetua, and Sea Lion Caves, where you take an elevator down 200 feet to view hundreds of sea lions squawking on the rocks.We walked on the beach
my shadow and I.
Rocks protruded
out of the sand
and a big ship passed by.
The tide was high
and the angry sea crashed
and slapped spray
upon the rocks.
a Strong wind scratched
me with buckets full of sand
and I wondered what had happened
to a perfect day at the beach,
but later the wind died down.
a Single gull surfed the air
and suddenly it wasn’t there
and only the green sea,
the white-hot sun,
surf crashing on the beach
and I remained.When I walk om Margate’s beach
something is caught,
in the sound of the breaking waves
and it echoes there forever more.
The beach is wiped clear
by the rushing waters
of the high tide,
but somehow footprints
walk the beach
as if they were just set there.
In the pleasant summer
golden bodies spreads
right around me
and the waves,
are filled with children
splashing and laughing
at the joy of living.We would climb the highest dune,
from there to gaze and come down:
the ocean was performing;
we contributed our climb.
Waves leapfrogged and came
straight out of the storm.
What should our gaze mean?
Kit waited for me to decide.
Standing on such a hill,
what would you tell your child?
That was an absolute vista.
Those waves raced far, and cold.
'How far could you swim, Daddy,
in such a storm?'
'As far as was needed,' I said,
and as I talked, I swam.I dreamed about an Easterbunny
on Zuma Beach, where it was sunny.
She would have graced big city malls
and told me she liked Matzo Balls.
By which she meant those oval eggs
that hang off males, between the legs.
Though dark of skin her real home
was not the Southern town of Rome.
Hugh Hefner was her dear old dad
he'd started this attractive fad.
Down in Australia they have bunnies
surrounding little shacks called dunnies.
They are the ones whose nether hole
has been designed the novel role
of laying eggs, some green some yellow
for white man and the coloured fellow.
Back to the bunny at my feet,
she said that she was glad to meet
a hunk like me, so well endowed
and might she, kindly, be allowed
to cuddle up close to my skin
where we could share in wicked sin.
I saw the sadness in her eyes
and, being better than those guys
who would have jumped at this small chance
I did remain in  mental trance
until those bunnyhands caressed
the little curlies on my chest.
Such loneliness and such despair
it was so cruel and unfair,
of God to make her in creation
and then prevent all fornication,
thus someone had to give her aid
that's how on Zuma I got laid.Sun soaked revelations
on a patio deck.
I had long forgotten
the simple joys
Of returning to origin.
In its bosom,
the well worn comfort
Of familiarity,
combined with the
clear remembrance
Of lake breeze air.
Every milestone,
And accomplishment,
All seen by the unending tide
Of water in motion.
From the eyes of my window:
the first breath of my brother
and the last sight of my cousin.
The first taste of a woman
and my last meeting with her.
All trials,
Tribulations,
And friendships
Have come, gone
and began again
here.
Lonely winter nights,
The ferocity of the wind off the beach
almost too much to bear.
Nowhere to go,
Except the solace of a guitar,
You taught yourself well back then.
My first car,
Driving around in circles,
a “summer town” deserted in the winter,
And a father
Eager to pass this rite to his son.
Later,
Cracks in a marriage,
like holes in a wall,
and a lonely teenager hoping for the best.
Ultimately,
reconciliation.
My first taste of addiction.
Parents out of town,
I wanted to be the “cool kid”.
A party remembered,
The stench of cigarettes,
Never
Again
Forgotten.
All within these walls.
Outside,
Clear hot air.
I lay back
And gaze deeply
Into the trunk,
of the tree,
I have seen all
My life.
My great aunt used to tell me
that on the branches,
Of this particular tree
Sits a wise old owl.
He will watch over you
During this life.
To a child
An owl shaped branch,
Can give breath quite easily.
Yet I never truly understood
Her message.
Now
That branch is long since gone,
As is she.
And at times when I need her wisdom
Most
I remember the owl.
Today it is clear to me.
Just as the roots
Of a tree anchor
mighty oak,
My home
Anchors me.
I lay back
In my chair.
Feet up,
exhalation.
I am home,
Rooted once again.
Copyright (c)           David DeSantisyoung women, old women
in their heart
despite the years
the yearning to be beautiful
young women, old women
they look at each other
one with envy
the other with fear and contempt (of the wrinkles, old age)
young women, old women
they look into each other
one for amother
the other for a daughterStanding on the edge of nothingness
the wind of regret blowing through me
as my deamons dance the ring of deception
that I'm becoming more tempted to join
'Come, ' I hear them say as they weave
'You belong to us, don't you see?
The dreams that make you scream,
the Dark Mistress that forever stands beside you,
everything that makes you who you are
is nothing but a beautiful lie to keep you alive.'
How do you fight a shadow when you are weak;
when misery is engraved into your soul?
How do you resist the urge to fade away
when all your heart ever feels is pain?
Love has long since abanonded me
Happiness stopped coming to my door years ago
and I have fallen from Grace since the day my heart broke
So with nothing to lose
and nothing to gain
I take my deamons' hand and dance...
And the lie takes my life.All my days before yesterday
Were for me just a joke…
My heart is bouncing inside me now
Like nice music of the type of rock…
I wish it can express itself
And frankly can wake up out of its shock…
I am afraid you become too proud of yourself
And hesitate telling me:
“I do like you also Doc”! ! !
Wael Karameh Karameh
July 11,2009.I walked to the cliff top to watch the sunset
thinking of you and the time that we met
I watched as the sun drifted down from the sky
a reminding reflection of light in your eyes
A myriad birds flocked from over the hill
returning to roost as the world stood still
their fawning and waving high up in the air
brought memories to me how you unfurl your hair
The sea seemed to amble as if in a trance
when reaching the rocks leaping into a dance
its light sparking rainbows in fine misty haze
a lasting encounter of how we embrace
The sun kissed the horizon like I kiss your lips
it was saying goodnight with its light fingertips
caressing the ocean and stretching my way
a beautiful end to a beautiful day.When the sun rise in the morning
then you shine like a brighten lady
When the moon set in the evening
then you look like a beautiful lady
When I go to bed in the night
then you twinkle like stars
When the cool breeze touches me
then I take care of your love
When you are under my arms
then I tell you how much I love you
When I say my night prayers
then I thank God for giving you to me
When I close my eyes to sleep
then you rest your head on my chest
and listen to my heart beat says you are mine.you appear there
in front of me
very nearly transparent
your presence looking like a reflection
in a mist shrouded mirror
so hazy a strong puff
might blow you away like fog
yet this Love is not the memory
of a beautiful dream...
when I reach out
you are thereThe stars glisten……,
Around the moon…..,
Like the eyes of angels…,
That hail the soon….,
Coming birth….,
Of the Savior….,
Who will rid the world….,
Of all its sin…..,
Yes, Jesus Christ will be born….,
On A Beautiful Night Of Christmas Silence….,
Hail the Lord, Jesus Christ….,
On A Beautiful Night Of Christmas Silence….! ! !
.......................................Tr ade Martin,  2011.When you smile:
Your eyes shine so bright,
you get this grin on your face that could melt ice
your cheeks get rosy
you are a beautiful sight
When you laugh:
Your eyes get a sparkle in them
You get this grin on your face that
will make others laugh with you
Your entire body starts to shake
You are a beautiful sight
When you lay sleeping:
Your brows draw together
Your lips pucker up
You will tense up, then relax
You are so peaceful
You are a beautiful sight
When you are just you:
You have the most beautiful eyes
Your face is so express full
You make the person you are with relax
You are there for me always
You are a Beautitiful PersonCorinna, Pride of Drury-Lane,
For whom no Shepherd sighs in vain;
Never did Covent Garden boast
So bright a batter'd, strolling Toast;
No drunken Rake to pick her up,
No Cellar where on Tick to sup;
Returning at the Midnight Hour;
Four Stories climbing to her Bow'r;
Then, seated on a three-legg'd Chair,
Takes off her artificial Hair:
Now, picking out a Crystal Eye,
She wipes it clean, and lays it by.
Her Eye-Brows from a Mouse's Hide,
Stuck on with Art on either Side,
Pulls off with Care, and first displays 'em,
Then in a Play-Book smoothly lays 'em.
Now dextrously her Plumpers draws,
That serve to fill her hollow Jaws.
Untwists a Wire; and from her Gums
A Set of Teeth completely comes.
Pulls out the Rags contriv'd to prop
Her flabby Dugs and down they drop.
Proceeding on, the lovely Goddess
Unlaces next her Steel-Rib'd Bodice;
Which by the Operator's Skill,
Press down the Lumps, the Hollows fill,
Up hoes her Hand, and off she slips
The Bolsters that supply her Hips.
With gentlest Touch, she next explores
Her Shankers, Issues, running Sores,
Effects of many a sad Disaster;
And then to each applies a Plaster.
But must, before she goes to Bed,
Rub off the Daubs of White and Red;
And smooth the Furrows in her Front,
With greasy Paper stuck upon't.
She takes a Bolus e'er she sleeps;
And then between two Blankets creeps.
With pains of love tormented lies;
Or if she chance to close her Eyes,
Of Bridewell and the Compter dreams,
And feels the Lash, and faintly screams;
Or, by a faithless Bully drawn,
At some Hedge-Tavern lies in Pawn;
Or to Jamaica seems transported,
Alone, and by no Planter courted;
Or, near Fleet-Ditch's oozy Brinks,
Surrounded with a Hundred Stinks,
Belated, seems on watch to lie,
And snap some Cull passing by;
Or, struck with Fear, her Fancy runs
On Watchmen, Constables and Duns,
From whom she meets with frequent Rubs;
But, never from Religious Clubs;
Whose Favour she is sure to find,
Because she pays them all in Kind.
CORINNA wakes. A dreadful Sight!
Behold the Ruins of the Night!
A wicked Rat her Plaster stole,
Half eat, and dragged it to his Hole.
The Crystal Eye, alas, was miss'd;
And Puss had on her Plumpers piss'd.
A Pigeon pick'd her Issue-Peas;
And Shock her Tresses fill'd with Fleas.
The Nymph, tho' in this mangled Plight,
Must ev'ry Morn her Limbs unite.
But how shall I describe her Arts
To recollect the scatter'd Parts?
Or show the Anguish, Toil, and Pain,
Of gath'ring up herself again?
The bashful Muse will never bear
In such a Scene to interfere.
Corinna in the Morning dizen'd,
Who sees, will spew; who smells, be poison'd.
Submitted by Andrew MayersBeautiful is the 'thank you'
Wrapped with gratitude,
Offered to peace prone people
Who offer what is real-themselves
To nurse  with love and humility
napalm asphyxiated victims
in our stained world
veiling ambition with face of
humanity.Beautiful is the moment
when sunlit world fades away
And with it mind made mirror
While look inward drawn, sight insight led,
and heart shuts out desire to let in
consciousness.O beautiful for spacious skies,
For amber waves of grain,
For purple mountain majesties
Above the fruited plain!
America! America!
God shed His grace on thee
And crown thy good with brotherhood
From sea to shining sea!
O beautiful for pilgrim feet,
Whose stern, impassioned stress
A thoroughfare for freedom beat
Across the wilderness!
America! America!
God mend thine every flaw,
Confirm thy soul in self-control,
Thy liberty in law!
O beautiful for heroes proved
In liberating strife,
Who more than self their country loved,
And mercy more than life!
America! America!
May God thy gold refine,
Till all success be nobleness,
And every gain divine!
O beautiful for patriot dream
That sees beyond the years
Thine alabaster cities gleam
Undimmed by human tears!
America! America!
God shed His grace on thee
And crown thy good with brotherhood
From sea to shining sea!The mountains and glens of Aberfoyle are beautiful to sight,
Likewise the rivers and lakes are sparkling and bright;
And its woods were frequented by the Lady of the Lake,
And on its Lakes many a sail in her boat she did take.
The scenery there will fill the tourist with joy,
Because 'tis there once lived the bold Rob Roy,
Who spent many happy days with his Helen there,
By chasing the deer in the woods so fair.
The little vale of Aberfoyle and its beautiful river
Is a sight, once seen, forget it you'll never;
And romantic ranges of rock on either side
Form a magnificent background far and wide.
And the numerous lochs there abound with trout
Which can be had for the taking out,
Especially from the Lochs Chon and Ard,
There the angler can make a catch which will his toil reward.
And between the two lochs the Glasgow Water Works are near,
Which convey water of Loch Katrine in copious streams clear
To the inhabitants of the Great Metropolis of the West,
And for such pure water they should think themselves blest.
The oak and birch woods there are beautiful to view,
Also the Ochil hills which are blue in hue,
Likewise the Lake of Menteith can be seen far eastward,
Also Stirling Castle, which long ago the English beseiged very hard.
Then away to Aberfoyle, Rob Roy's country,
And gaze on the magnificent scenery.
A region of rivers and mountains towering majestically
Which is lovely and fascinating to see.
But no words can describe the beautiful scenery.
Aberfoyle must be visited in order to see,
So that the mind may apprehend its beauties around,
Which will charm the hearts of the visitors I'll be bound.
As for the clachan of aberfoyle, little remains but a hotel,
Which for accomodation which will suit the traveller very well.
And the bedding thereis clean and good,
And good cooks there to cook the food.
Then away to the mountains and lakes of bonnie Aberfoyle,
Ye hard-working sons and daughters of daily toil;
And traverse its heathery mountains and viewits lakes so clear,
When the face of Nature's green in the spring of the year.I suppose we start with Lipstick
Red, Cherrie, spread on nice and Thick
Then a hair piece, or a Wig
The best that they can Rig
Now we come to lots of Jewelry
Fake diamonds, rubies are Tom-Foolery
Or things hanging from there Ears
That look like Chandeliers
Also nail polish, perfume, fancy Soap
With all this stuff I don't know how they Cope
I really know that women are beautiful on any given Day
But no make-up, no fake-up, would be the best WayBeautiful
This world,
Beautiful
This life.
Beautiful
And
Beautiful
Everyth ing
Including
The sunrise
And also
The sunset.
Beautiful
And
Beautiful,
The sky
And
The sea,
The air
And
The water.
Beautiful
This life
And
Beautiful
This earth,
Where we are.Beautiful Balmermo on the bonnie banks of Tay,
It's a very bonnie spot in the months of June or May;
The scenery there is charming and fascinating to see,
Especially the surroundings of the old Abbey,
Which is situated in the midst of trees on a rugged hill,
Which visitors can view at their own free will;
And the trees and shrubberies are lovely to view,
Especially the trees on each side of the avenue
Which leads up to the Abbey amongst the trees;
And in the summer time it's frequented with bees,
And also crows with their unmusical cry,
Which is a great annoyance to the villagers that live near by.
And there in the summer season the mavis sings,
And with her charming notes the woodland rings;
And the sweet-scented zephyrs is borne upon the gale,
Which is most refreshing and invigorating to inhale.
Then there's the stately Castle of Balmerino
Situated in the midst of trees, a magnificent show,
And bordering on the banks o' the silvery Tay,
Where visitors can spend a happy holiday.
As they view the castle and scenery around
It will help to cheer their spirits I'll be bound;
And if they wish to view Wormit Bay
They can walk along the braes o' the silvery Tay.Ye lovers of the picturesque, away and see
Beautiful Balmoral, near by the River Dee;
There ye will see the deer browsing on the heathery hills,
While adown their sides run clear sparkling rills.
Which the traveller can drink of when he feels dry,
And admire the dark River Dee near by,
Rolling smoothly and silently on its way,
Which is most lovely to see on a summer day.
There the trout do sport and play
During the live-long summer day;
Also plenty of salmon are there to be seen,
Glittering like silver in the sun's sheen.
And the mountains are rugged and wild to be seen,
But the woodlands are beautiful when Nature's face is green;
There numerous rabbits do gambol all day
Amongst the green scrubbery all lively and gay.
There's one charming spot most magnificent to be seen,
'Tis Balmoral Castle, the Highland Home of our Queen;
The surrounding scenery is enchanting to see,
While near by rolls past the lovely River Dee.
Therefore, ye lovers of the picturesque, away and see
Beautiful Balmoral Castle and its grand scenery,
And the sight will fill your hearts with glee,
As ye walk along the bonnie banks o' the River Dee.Really beautiful,
Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful,
Nothing but beautiful.
Your eyes, Your hand-less hand,
Your presence, Your leg-less leg,
And Your doing all action
Without any presentation.
Really beautiful, and one who
Is not able to recognized You
Is really a fool and see
That fool himself is also beautiful.A shimmering of your hair
As I glance in awe
A quiver of your lips
As I swallow in anticipation
A flashing of your eyes
As I stand near not far
A movement of your hips
As I watch you walk
A gesture of your hand
As I lower my lips
A laughter in the air
As I make another quip
A sigh from deep within
As I tell you my intent
A gasp from tender breast
As I look so deep within
A tremble in your legs
As I make you remember
And you have absolutely no doubt
Beauty is in the making
Through each breath
Each of us are together taking.How Beautiful of birds
of the air,
seeing their awesome
wonderful flair.
So quiet it would be
without their sound
watching them as they
fly all around.
Sweet harmony do they make.
A lonesome world this would be,
for no birds making flight
these wonderful creatures I see.
Beautiful birds of nature
wonderful sounds to my ear
touching me with wonder,
so gentle with serenity
and so dear.
wrote 4-28-07I never knew the beauty was there.
I was a little girl with curvaceous hips, and thighs.
I was perfect in size.
I was young, tender, and firm.
I remember a little pudgy girl.
Fat hips and thighs.
Only a love saw the good in what I despised.
Then a look back, showed all the beauty in me.
I‘ve grown into a
Beautiful Black Woman
I have full breast, hips and thighs.
I’m a voluptuous full figured woman.
I’m beautiful, strong, intelligent, and independent.
I’ve brought beauty to the world.
I ‘m proud and not ashamed
I shall not apologize for who I’ve become.
I’m a sexy brown thick sista (sister) .
Finer than the rarest bottle of wine
I’m good to you, and for you
I know now the beauty is in me
I’m a Beautiful Black WomanBlue eyes so full of life
A wonder all of their own
So beautiful and precious
Oh to see those eyes smile
Such a beautiful sight
How I love to look into those eyes
When I look into them
A kind of peace comes over me
Beautiful blue eyes
Always haunting me
...teasing me
Reminding me of what I want...can't have
Why do they haunt me so
When will I be free of them
Constantly held captive by those blue eyes
Beautiful blue eyes
Always there
A reminder of what I want...can't have
Such beautiful blue eyes
Beautiful blue eyes...Beautiful city
Beautiful city, the centre and crater of European confusion,
O you with your passionate shriek for the rights of an equal
humanity,
How often your Re-volution has proven but E-volution
Roll’d again back on itself in the tides of a civic insanity!Ye lovers of the picturesque, away, away!
To beautiful Comrie and have a holiday;
Aud bask in the sunahine and inhale the fragrant air
Emanating from the woodlands and shrubberies there.
The charming village of Comrie is most lovely to be seen,
Especially in the summer season when the trees are green;
And near by is Loch Earn and its waters sparkling clear,
And as the tourist gazes thereon his spirits it will cheer.
Then St. Fillans is a beautiful spot, I must confess,
It is really a picture of rural loveliness;
Because out of the quiet lake the river ripples merrily,
And all round are hills beautiful in shape and nothing uncomely.
The rocky knoll to the south is a most seductive place,
And in the hotel there visitors will find every solace;
And the flower-decked cottages are charming to see,
Also handsome villas suitable for visitors of high and low degree.
Then there's St. Fillan's Hill, a prehistoric fort,
And visitors while there to it should resort;
And to the tourist the best approach is from the west,
Because in climbing the hill his strength it will test.
And descending the hill as best one may,
The scene makes the tourist's heart feel gay;
And by the west side is reached a wooded deli,
And about two hundred yards from that there's St. Fillan's Well.
Oh, charming Comrie! I must conclude my lay,
And to write in praise of thee I virtually do say
That your lovely mountains and silver birches will drive dull care away:
Therefore lovers of the picturesque, away, away!
To beautiful Comrie end have a holidoy,
And I'm sure you will return with spirits, light and gay,
After viewing the Sylvan beauties and hoary beeches there,
Also pines, ferns, and beautiful oaks, I do declare.Ye lovers of the picturesque, if ye wish to drown your grief,
Take my advice, and visit the ancient town of Crieff;
The climate is bracing, and the walks lovely to see.
Besides, ye can ramble over the district, and view the beautiful scenery.
The town is admirably situated from the cold winter winds,
And the visitors, during their stay there, great comfort finds,
Because there is boating and fishing, and admission free,
Therefore they can enjoy themselves right merrily.
There is also golf courses, tennis greens, and good roads,
Which will make the travelling easier to tourists with great loads,
And which will make the bicyclists' hearts feel gay,
Because they have everything there to make an enjoyable holiday.
The principal river there is the Earn, rolling on its way,
And which flows from Loch Earn, and joins the silvery Tay
Above Newburgh, after a course of more than thirty miles;
And as the tourist views the scene with joy he smiles.
The princely domain of Drummond Castle is most beautiful to be seen,
Especially when the woody landscape is blown full green,
And from the entrance gate to the castle an avenue extends all the way,
And to view the branches of the frees interlacing makes the heart feel gay.
Drummond Castle's flowery gardens are really very grand;
They cannot be surpassed in Great Britain,
And in the summer-time the bee and the butterfly are there on the wing,
And with the carolling of birds the gardens doth ring.
And from Knock Hill on the north and west,
The view from its summit is considered the best;
Because the Grampians and the Ochils can be seen,
While the beautiful rich fertile valley lies between.
And there are many seats where the weary traveller can rest,
And there is also a fountain of water, the very best,
While visitors can drink of while resting there,
And gaze on the magnificent scenery and inhale the pure air.
Then there's Lady Mary's Walk near the Bridge of Turret,
Which I hope visitors will go and see and not forget,
Because near by grows a magnificent oak most lovely to see,
Which is known by the name of Eppie Callum's Tree.
And at each end of this walk the visitors can ascend Laggan Hill,
And as they view the woods and fields with joy their hearts
And they will find seats plenteous on this elevated bower,
On which they may rest and wile away the hour.
The Hydropathic is situated on an eminence most grand,
And is one of the largest buildings in fair Scotland;
And capable of accommodating five hundred visitors, who often call there,
To recuperate their health and breathe the fragrant air.
Then there's Abercairny, which is most beautiful to view,
And Her Majesty the Queen visited the grounds in 1842;
And the park and the trees has the aspect of a southern scene,
And the lovely appearance of it gladdened the heart of our Queen.
Then there's the village of Foulis, which tourists ought to see,
Because the scenery there is charming and pretty;
And there's a sycamore tree there that was planted 300 years ago,
And I'm sure the sight thereof will please both high and low.
Therefore, in conclusion, to all lovers of the beautiful I will say,
If ye really wish to spend an enjoyable holiday,
I would recommend Crieff for lovely scenery and pure air;
Besides, the climate gives health to many visitors during their stay there.Roll on, roll on, and stare!
Beautiful daughters of heaven
Three-sixty-five, Twenty-four-seven
Roll on, roll on, and beware!
Beautiful daughters of hell
With eyes of an angel
But beautiful daughters I praise thee
Praise be onto mothers that raise thee
For when a child is born a sweet girl
Heaven itself is raised from hell
Beautiful daughters are the seeds of peace
Their instinctive love we need not decrease
Bearing along the humane fruit of compassion
The golden qualities of a cherished companion
Beautiful daughters I praise thee
Praise be onto thy mothers that raise thee
Copyright 2006 - Sylvia Chidifrost bitten rain drop
watched by crystal eyes
spinning in whirl-winds
dancing across still skies
loved by many
across the feilds it flies
but even with the beauty
a broken heart dies1     Beautiful dreamer, wake unto me,
2     Starlight and dewdrops are waiting for thee;
3     Sounds of the rude world heard in the day,
4     Lull'd by the moonlight have all pass'd a way!
5     Beautiful dreamer, queen of my song,
6     List while I woo thee with soft melody;
7     Gone are the cares of life's busy throng, --
8     Beautiful dreamer, awake unto me!
9     Beautiful dreamer awake unto me!
10   Beautiful dreamer, out on the sea
11   Mermaids are chaunting the wild lorelie;
12   Over the streamlet vapors are borne,
13   Waiting to fade at the bright coming morn.
14   Beautiful dreamer, beam on my heart,
15   E'en as the morn on the streamlet and sea;
16   Then will all clouds of sorrow depart, --
17   Beautiful dreamer, awake unto me!
18   Beautiful dreamer, awake unto me!Beautiful city of Edinburgh, most wonderful to be seen,
With your ancient palace of Holyrood and Queen's Park Green,
And your big, magnificent, elegant New College,
Where people from all nations can be taught knowledge.
The New College of Edinburgh is certainly very grand
Which I consider to be an honour to fair Scotland,
Because it's the biggest in the world, without any doubt,
And is most beautiful in the inside as well as out.
And the Castle is wonderful to look upon,
Which has withstood many angry tempests in years bygone;
And the rock it's built upon is rugged and lovely to be seen
When the shrubberies surrounding it are blown full green.
Morningside is lovely and charming to be seen;
The gardens there are rich with flowers and shrubberies green
And sweet scented perfumes fill the air,
Emanating from the sweet flowers and beautiful plants there.
And as for Braidhill, it's a very romantic spot,
But a fine place to visit when the weather is hot;
There the air is nice and cool, which will help to drive away sorrow
When ye view from its summit the beautiful city of Edinburgh.
And as for the statues, they are very grand-
They cannot be surpassed in any foreign land;
And the scenery is attractive and fascinating to the eye,
And arrests the attention of tourists as they pass by.
Lord Melville's Monument is most elegant to be seen,
Which is situated in St. Andrew's Square, amongst shrubberies green,
Which seems most gorgeous to the eye,
Because it is towering so very high.
The Prince Albert Consort Statue looks very grand,
Especially the granite blocks whereon it doth stand,
Which is admired by all tourists as they pass by,
Because the big granite blocks seem magnificent to the eye.
Princes Street West End Garden Is fascinating to be seen,
With its beautiful big trees and shrubberies green,
And its magnificent water fountain in the valley below
Helps to drive away from the tourist all care and woe.
The Castle Hotel is elegant and grand,
And students visit it from every foreign land,
And the students of Edinburgh often call there
To rest and have luncheon, at a very cheap fare.
Queen Street Garden seems charming to the eye,
And a great boon it is to the tenantry near by,
As they walk along the grand gravel walks near there,
Amongst the big trees and shrubberies, and inhale pure air.
Then, all ye tourists, be advised by me,
Beautiful Edinburgh ye ought to go and see.
It's the only city I know of where ye can wile away the time
By viewing its lovely scenery and statues fine.
Magnificent city of Edinburgh, I must conclude my muse,
But to write in praise of thee I cannot refuse.
I will tell the world boldly without dismay
You have the biggest college in the world at the present day.
Of all the cities in the world, Edinburgh for me;
For no matter where I look, some lovely spot I see;
And for picturesque scenery unrivalled you do stand.
Therefore I pronounce you to be the Pride of Fair Scotland.We loved eachother
Our hearts were warm
You loved me
I loved you back
But the sands of time
Made our love lack
I needed you
And hated you also
We screamed, we yelled
Our mutual hatred swelled
The day finally came
When you handed back your token
The emotion inside had finally woken
My spirit was broken
I became a shell
Wishing you would burn in hell
I wanted so bad to scream and yell
My mind has been set up after all
I swallow my demon, and then I fallInner voice
straining to be heard
Evincing what I already
know to be true
Yet your web of lies
Is so beautifully spun
before me that
I so want to find
even the tiniest glimmer
of truth in those lies
Convincing myself that
those beautiful lies
originated from some
beautiful truthAs I walked down the steps,
my eyes caught your innocence.
The moisture on your lips
inviting to be kissed.
Your firm suple breast
could not make me rest;
And as you walked towards me
all I wanted was us to be alone.
As I see you bid farewell,
I wish to see you again.
But in my mind you shall remain forever
as my beautiful little strangerBEAUTIFUL lofty things:  O'Leary's noble head;
My father upon the Abbey stage, before him a raging crowd:
'This Land of Saints,' and then as the applause died out,
'Of plaster Saints'; his beautiful mischievous head thrown back.
Standish O'Grady supporting himself between the tables
Speaking to a drunken audience high nonsensical words;
Augusta Gregory seated at her great ormolu table,
Her eightieth winter approaching:  'Yesterday he threatened my life.
I told him that nightly from six to seven I sat at this table,
The blinds drawn up'; Maud Gonne at Howth station waiting a train,
Pallas Athene in that straight back and arrogant head:
All the Olympians; a thing never known again.They look at my dark complexion and they laugh.
But that don’t bother me.
For I’m beautiful.
Beautiful me.
I love my wide nose,
and thick lips.
I’m beautiful.
Beautiful me.
Now, my hips are wide,
and I got a lot of junk in my trunk.
But I’m beautiful.
Beautiful me.
My hair may be coarse,
And my breast are not enhance.
But I’m still beautiful.
Beautiful me.
So they may point, and laugh if they want too.
They may even call me names because of my
dark skin.  I won’t cry because beauty is in
the eye of the beholder.  And in my eyes
I’m beautiful.
Beautiful me.Beautiful Monikie! with your trees and shrubberies green
And your beautiful walks, most charming to be seen:
'Tis a beautiful place for pleasure-seekers to resort,
Because there they can have innocent sport,
taking a leisure walk all round about,
And see the ang1ers fishing in the pand for trout.
Besides, there's lovely white swans swimming on the pond,
And Panmure Monument can be seen a little distance beyond;
And the scenery all round is enchanting I declare,
While sweet-scented fragrance fills the air.
Then away, pleasure-seekers of bonnie Dundee,
And have a day's outing around Monikie,
And inhale the pure air, on a fine summer day,
Which will help to drive dull care away;
As ye gaze on the beautiful scenery there,
Your spirits will feel o'erjoyed and free frozen care.
Then near to the pond there's a beautiful green sward,
Where excursionists can dance until fatigue does them retard;
And if they feel thirsty, the Monikie water's near by,
Where they can quench their thirst if very dry.
Then, after that, they can have a walk at their ease,
Amongst the green shrubbery and tall pine trees;
And in the centre of the pand they can see
Three beautiful little islets dressed in green livery.
Monikie is as bonnie a place as ye could wish to see,
And about eleven or twelve miles from bonnie Dundee;
It's the only place I know of to enjoy a holiday,
Because there's a hall of shelter there to keep the rain away.
Then there's a large park, a very suitable place,
For the old and the young, if they wish to try a race;
It's there they can enjoy themselves during the live-long summmer day,
Near to the little purling burn, meandering on its way,
And emptying itself into the pond of Monikie,
Which supplies the people with water belonging to Dundee.All ye tourists who wish to be away
From the crowded city for a brief holiday;
The town of Nairn is worth a visit, I do confess,
And it's only about fifteen miles from Inverness.
And in the summer season it's a very popular bathing-place,
And the visitors from London and Edinburgh finds solace,
As they walk along the yellow sand beach inhaling fresh air;
Besides, there's every accommodation for ladies and gentlemen there.
Then there's a large number of bathing coaches there,
And the climate is salubrious, and very warm the air;
And every convenience is within the bathers' reach,
Besides, there's very beautiful walks by the sea beach.
The visitors to Nairn can pass away the time agreeably,
By viewing Tarbetness, which slopes downwards to the sea;
And Queen Street is one of the prettiest thoroughfares,
Because there's splendid shops in it, and stocked with different wares.
And there's ornamental grounds, and lovely shady nooks,
Which is a great advantage to visitors while reading their books;
And there's a certain place known as the Ladies' Beach,
So private that no intruder can them reach.
And there's many neat cottages with gardens very nice,
And picturesque villas, which can be rented at a reasonable price;
Besides, there's a golf course for those that such a game seeks,
Which would prove a great attraction to the knights of clubs and cleeks.
The surrounding scenery of Nairn is magnificent to be seen,
Especially its fertile fields and woodlands so green;
Besides, not far from Nairn, there's Cawdor Castle, the ancient seat
Of the noble Thanes of Cawdor, with its bold turrets so neat.
And its massive proportions is very imposing to see,
Because the arched entrance is secured by a drawbridge and a fosse;
And visitors will be allowed all over the grounds to roam,
Besides shown over the castle if the Earl is not at home.
The scenery surrounding the castle is charming in the summertime,
And the apples in the orchard there is very fine,
Also the flower-beds are most beautiful to see,
Especially in the month of June, when the birds sing merrily.
Then there's the ancient stronghold of the Bays of Lochloy,
And visitors when they see it will it heartily enjoy;
And a little further on there's the blasted heath of Macbeth,
And a hillock where the witches are wont to dance till out of breath.
And as the visitors to Nairn walk along the yellow sand,
They can see, right across the Moray Firth, the Black Island so grand,
With its productive fields and romantic scenery,
And as the tourist gazes thereon his heart fills with ecstasy.
And Darnaway Castle is well worthy of praise,
And to oblige all visitors there are open days,
When they can see the castle where one thousand warriors in all
Oft have assembled in the Earl of Randolph's Hall.
And in conclusion I will say for good bathing Nairn is the best,
And besides its pleasant scenery is of historical interest;
And the climate gives health to many visitors while there,
Therefore I would recommend Nairn for balmy pure air.Bonnie Mary, the Maid o' the Tay,
Come! Let's go, and have a holiday
In Newport, on the braes o' the silvery Tay,
'Twill help to drive dull care away.
The scenery there is most enchanting to be seen,
Especially the fine mansions with their shrubbery green;
And the trees and ivy are beautiful to view
Growing in front of each stately home in the avenue.
There the little birds and beautiful butterflies
Are soaring heavenwards almost to the skies,
And the busy bees are to be seen on the wing,
As from flower to flower they hummingly sing,
As they gather honey all the day,
From flowery gardens of Newport on the braes o' the Tay.
And as we view the gardens our hearts will feel gay
After being pent up in the workshop all the day.
Then there's a beautiful spot near an old mill,
Suitable for an artist to paint of great skill,
And the trees are arched o'erhead, lovely to be seen,
Which screens ye from the sunshine's glittering sheen.
Therefore, holiday makers, I'd have ye resort
To Newport on the braes o' the Tay for sport,
And inhale the pure air with its sweet perfume,
Emanating from the flowery gardens of Newport and the yellow broom.
And when bright Sol sinks in the West
You'll return home at night quite refreshed,
And dream in your beds of your rambles during the day
Along the bonnie braes o' the silvery Tay.North Berwick is a watering-place with golfing links green,
With a fine bathing beach most lovely to be seen;
And there's a large number of handsome villas also,
And often it's called the Scarborough of Scotland, as Portobello.
The greatest attraction is Tantallon Castle, worthy of regard,
About three miles distant to the eastward;
Which in time of war reoeived many a shock,
And it's deemed impregnable and built on a perpendicular rock
The castle was built in times unknown to history,
But 'tis said it belonged to the Douglas family;
And the inside is a labyrinth of broken staircases,
Also ruined chambers and many dismal places.
Then there's the Berwick Law Hill, 612 feet high,
Which no doubt is very attractive to the eye,
And skirted with a wood and a public walk,
Where visitors can enjoy themselves and have a social talk.
The wood is really lovely and enchanting to be seen,
In the spring or summer season when the trees are green;
And as ye listen to the innocent birds singing merrily there,
'Twill help to elevate your spirits and drive away dull care.
Then near by Tantallon is the fishing village of Canty Bay,
Where boats can be hired to the Bass Rock, about two miles away;
And the surrounding scenery is magnificent to see,
And as the tourists view the scene it fills their hearts with glee.
Then away! then away! pleasure-seekers in bands,
And view Gullane with its beautiful sands,
Which stretch along the sandy shores of Fife,
Where the tourist can enjoy himself and be free from strife.It ought to be lovely to be old
to be full of the peace that comes of experience
and wrinkled ripe fulfilment.
The wrinkled smile of completeness that follows a life
lived undaunted and unsoured with accepted lies
they would ripen like apples, and be scented like pippins
in their old age.
Soothing, old people should be, like apples
when one is tired of love.
Fragrant like yellowing leaves, and dim with the soft
stillness and satisfaction of autumn.
And a girl should say:
It must be wonderful to live and grow old.
Look at my mother, how rich and still she is! -
And a young man should think: By Jove
my father has faced all weathers, but it's been a life!Don’t cover your face with your long bangs;
Try to hide your figure with your hands.
Look away when eyes lock into yours
Because you feel
They’ll cringe at the sight.
Don’t converse with the floor when you walk;
Avoid all the people that pass.
Slouch down, hunchbacked, in a crowd
Desperately, trying hard
To merge with the ground.
Don’t tell yourself you won’t pass;
Talk in a whisper.
Contract your open hand, fist it,
Drawing in,
Clutched tightly with your heart.
Don’t frown at your image on the tainted glassframe;
Look at me- I mean what I say.
Stand tall. Chest up. Look straight.
I twirled you around.
Tucked a stray hair gently behind your ear,
Wiped off the tears with my hands
And stared.
You’re beautiful.
So many have yet to see, my friend.
When our world and views are so blemished;
Superficial reigning like an implorable mountain,
Where minds cannot compass through the mists
To find the unsullied hearts below.
But even if this unwinding path continues
Let time not wait, and pass,
But mine voice to you
Past your teary eyes,
Gaze upon you, and whisper:
Beautiful.
Grace Tan
25 Jan ‘07Honesty is beautiful
Kindness is beautiful
Intelligence is beautiful
Talent is beautiful
Beautiful is a romance with such abundance
Beautiful are the flowers that roam the earth
Beautiful is awaking to the sound of singing birds
Beautiful is a disguise
Playing hide and seek inside and outside
Beautiful is as naked as the rising sun
Beautiful is delightful and truthful
Beautiful is the golden daylight that shines
And the taste of sweet colored red wine
Beautiful was never ever created by mistake
Beautiful is the ingredient we bake life's cake
When all or nothing is at stake
I am beautiful
You are beautiful
We are beautiful
Beautiful is great
Beautiful is sweet
Beautiful is love
Beautiful is power
Come to me Mr. & Mrs. Beautiful
Let me into your little secret
Of why you are so obedient and dutiful
Copyright 2005 - Sylvia Chidi
www.sylviachidi.com
Check out my bestseller Alien book from Amazon in September 2012. (Only Trees Live Forever)
All my books are available on AmazonThe grass is green
I can be seen,
I am so mean
That's why I'm mean
Look at me
I'm full of glee,
I love the sea
like a buzzy bee
I love you too
That's what I do,
I go to the zoo
To see you!Your so beautiful
Beautiful to me
Your so beautiful
God sent you here for me
How could I have known my love for you
Would grow into something so beautiful
My love to you I found
So sacred and so true
I promised all my love to only you
At night I pray weýll meet and always stay
And when I say ýi love youý
In a special way,
I wanna spend my life with only you
Your so beautiful
Beautiful to me
I just love the way you make me feel
I just wanna listen to the music
And think about your pretty smile
I just think about you and only you
Your so special to me
I just love you
Please, donýt you go nowhere
Your so beautiful
Beautiful to me
Your so beautiful
God sent you here for meAnd he showed me a pure River of Water of Life, clear as crystal, proceeding out of the Throne of God and of the Lamb." -- Rev. xxii. 1
Shall we gather at the river
Where bright angel feet have trod;
With its crystal tide forever
Flowing by the throne of God?
CHORUS.
Yes, we'll gather at the river,
The beautiful, the beautiful river --
Gather with the saints at the river
That flows by the throne of God.
On the margin of the river,
Washing up its silver spray,
We will walk and worship ever,
All the happy, golden day.
Yes, we'll gather at the river,
The beautiful, the beautiful river --
Gather with the saints at the river
That flows by the throne of God.
On the bosom of the river,
Where the Saviour-king we own,
We shall meet, and sorrow never
'Neath the glory of the throne. Cho.
Yes, we'll gather at the river,
The beautiful, the beautiful river --
Gather with the saints at the river
That flows by the throne of God.
Ere we reach the shining river,
Lay we every burden down;
Grace our spirits will deliver,
And provide a robe and crown. Cho.
Yes, we'll gather at the river,
The beautiful, the beautiful river --
Gather with the saints at the river
That flows by the throne of God.
At the smiling of the river,
Rippling with the Saviour's face,
Saints, whom death will never sever,
Lift their songs of saving grace. Cho.
Yes, we'll gather at the river,
The beautiful, the beautiful river --
Gather with the saints at the river
That flows by the throne of God.
Soon we'll reach the shining river,
Soon our pilgrimage will cease,
Soon our happy hearts will quiver
With the melody of peace. Cho.
Yes, we'll gather at the river,
The beautiful, the beautiful river --
Gather with the saints at the river
That flows by the throne of God.Off on the prairie, where the balmy air
Kisses the waving corn,
There lives a farmer, with a daughter fair--
Fair as a summer's morn!
She has a nature gentle as a dove,
Pure as the mountain snows;
Say! is it strange that everyone should love--
Love such a girl as Rose?
Beautiful Rose! lovely Rose!
Pride of the prairie bower!
Everybody loves her--everybody knows
She is the fairest flower.
Rose is a lady yet from early dawn,
Labors her skillful hand;
She is the housewife, now her mother's gone--
Gone to the better land.
Rose has the beauty--father has the gold--
Both will be hers one day;
For she is young, while he is growing old--
Old people pass away.
Clerks from the city, plowmen from the field,
Lords from a foreign land;
Each in their turn have very humbly kneeled--
Kneeled for her heart and hand.
But to them all she made the same reply--
Kindly but firmly, "No!"
And none but I can tell the reason why--
Why she should treat them so.Beautiful Rothesay, your scenery is most grand,
You cannot be surpassed in fair Scotland.
Tis healthy for holiday makers, to go there,
For the benefit of their health, by inhaling the pure air
And to hear the innocent birds, on a fine Summer day,
Carolling their sweet songs, so lively and gay,
Therefore, holiday makers, be advised by me,
And visit beautiful Rothesay, by the side of the Sea.
Then sweet Jessie, let us go,
To Scotland's garden of Eden O!
And spend the lovely Summer day,
In the beautiful village of Rothesay.
There you can see the ships, passing to and fro,
Which will drive away dull care, and woe,
And, the heavens breath smells wooingly there,
Therefore, let's away dear Jessie, to inhale the balmy air.
The mansions, there, are most beautiful to be seen,
Likewise the trees, and shrubberies, green.
Therefore, we will feel happy and gay,
Walking hand in hand, together the live long day.
Along the beautiful walks with our hearts fu' cheerie,
My dear love! Until we grow weary.
Then, return home at night, with our spirits light and gay,
After viewing the beautiful scenery of Rothesay.All ye lovers of the picturesque, away
To beautiful Torquay and spend a holiday
'Tis health for invalids for to go there
To view the beautiful scenery and inhale the fragrant air,
Especially in the winter and spring-time of the year,
When the weather is not too hot, but is balmy and clear.
Torquay lies in a very deep and well-sheltered spot,
And at first sight by strangers it won't be forgot;
'Tis said to be the mildest place in ah England,
And surrounded by lofty hills most beautiful and grand.
Twas here that William of Orange first touched English ground,
And as he viewed the beautiful spot his heart with joy did rebound;
And an obelisk marks the spot where he did stand,
And which for long will be remembered throughout England.
Torquay, with its pier and its diadem of white,
Is a moat beautiful and very dazzling sight,
With its white villas glittering on the sides of its green hills,
And as the tourist gases thereon with joy his heart fills.
The heights around Torquay are most beautiful to be seen,
Especially when the trees and shrubberies are green,
And to see the pretty houses under the cliff is a treat,
And the little town enclosed where two deep valleys meet.
There is also a fine bathing establishment near the pier,
Where the tourist can bathe without any fear;
And as the tourists there together doth stroll,
I advise them to visit a deep chasm called Daddy's Hole.
Then there's Bablicome, only two miles from Torquay,
Which will make the stranger's heart feel gay,
As he stands on the cliff four hundred feet above the sea,
Looking down,'tis sure to fill his heart with ecstasy.
The lodging-houses at Bablicome are magnificent to be seen,
And the accommodation there would suit either king or queen,
And there's some exquisite cottages embowered in the woodland,
And sloping down to the sea shore, is really very grand.
You do not wonder at Napoleon's exclamation
As he stood on the deck of the "Bellerophon," in a fit of admiration,
When the vessel was lying to windbound,
He exclaimed - "Oh, what a beautiful country!" his joy was profound.
And as the tourist there in search of beautiful spots doth rove,
Let them not forget to enquire for Anstey's Cove,
And there they will see a beautiful beach of milky white,
And the sight will fill their hearts with delight.
Oh! beautiful Torquay, with your lovely scenery,
And your magnificent cottages sloping down to the sea,
You are the most charming spot in all England,
With your picturesque bay and villas most grand.
And, in conclusion, to tourists I will say,
Off! off to Torquay and make no delay,
For the scenery is magnificent, and salubrious the air,
And 'tis good for the health to reside there.To Original Music
The people in this nation,
Have kept for many years,
February twenty-second,
That day we love it dear.
It's our forefather's birthday,
Brave, noble Washington;
And may we ever keep it,
Through all the years to come.
CHORUS:
Beautiful twenty-second,
Beautiful twenty-second,
May the people ever keep it,
Beautiful twenty-second.
One of the constitution builders,
Was that brave, noble man,
He fought under that dear flag
That's loved throughout our land.
He went through many battles,
He fought for liberty,
That this glorious republic
A nation great may be.
Chorus --
Oh, keep the twenty-second,
In honor to his name,
Who fought to gain our freedom
From England's British chains.
Now he is sweetly sleeping,
Brave, noble Washington,
May the people not forget him,
Columbia's noblest son.The village of Penicuik, with its neighbouring spinning mills,
Is most lovely to see, and the Pentland Hills;
And though of a barren appearance and some parts steep,
They are covered with fine pasture and sustain flocks of sheep.
There, tourists while there should take a good look,
By viewing the surrounding beauties of Penicuik;
About three miles south-west is the romantic locality
Of Newhall, which is most fascinating and charming to see.
Then about half a mile above Newhall the River Esk is seen,
Which sparkles like crystal in the sun's sheen;
And on the Esk there's a forking ridge forming a linn
Betwixt two birch trees, which makes a noisy din.
And on a rocky protuberance close by is Mary Stuart's bower
Where Scotland's ill-starred Queen spent many an hour,
Which is composed of turf and a nice round seat
Commanding a full view of the linn- the sight is quite a treat.
Then there's Habbie's Howe, where the beauties of summer grow,
Which cannot be excelled in Scotland for pastoral show;
Tis one of the most beautiful landscapes in fair Scotland,
For the scenery there is most charming and grand.
Then ye tourists to the village of Penicuik haste away,
And there spend the lovely summer day
By climbing the heathy, barren Pentland Hills,
And drink the pure water from their crystal rills.WOMEN sit, or move to and fro- some old,
some young;
The young are beautiful- but the old are more beautiful than the
young.Young lovers entwined on the grass
On a beautiful hot summer's day;
Weary new parents breaking into a smile
As they watch their kids giggle and play.
The excited shriek of a bubbling child
As Christmas Day dawns clear;
Old grannies bumbling and grumbling
About all those 'prices so dear! '
The peaceful look on a wrinkled man's face
As he reminisces on times gone past;
The perfect layer of untrodden snow
And the prisms of light that it casts.
The purpley orange setting sun -
Sure to rise pure and bright in the morn;
The cloudless night sky, embedded with stars
That will last from dusk until dawn.
The crystalline tears of a beautiful girl
On receiving a much adored gift;
An undisturbed lake, a shimmering blue,
With only pure white swans adrift.
The flight of confetti that sways in the wind
As the cheerful wedding bells chime;
The gleeful mirth of the poetry fan
When a poet contrives a bad rhyme!
The delicious intensity leading up
To a newly found couple's first kiss;
An unsure child beaming, fully content
Due to a compliment not gone amiss.
The merrily burning, friendly log fire,
By which a tired cat has curled;
I truly believe, and i tell you all now -
We live in a beautiful world!Beauty is not a superficial form
Each has their own in essential nature
And in the actions they perform
Until the dissolution of their life
To leave beauty’s impressions in our hearts
Yesterdays beauty never leaves or departs.
Beauty is all around
Each and every place it may be found
As you look with open eyes
Upon the forms that nature makes
Then man seeks to imitate
Yearning to match that beauty all around.
Beauty if you cannot find
Beauty must be in mind
Beauty is in purity
Beauty of simplicity
Beauty runs right through and through
Beauty in me, and them, and you.
Beauty, beauteous, beautiful
Beauty in heaven
Beauty in fire
Beauty in earth
And finally beauty in a simple verse.Because you’re Beautiful
This poem’s addressed
To you
Because you’re beautiful
No matter what
You do
Because you’re beautiful
The sun rises
Every day
Because you’re beautiful
The mist shrouds a
Dreamy day
Because you’re beautiful
A blossom blooms and holds
Its scent
Because you’re beautiful
Songs sung in your heart
Are meant
Because you’re beautiful
Reflections shine
And glint
Because you’re beautiful
Poems are written
Heaven sent
Because you are beautiful
This is all that this
Poem’s said
Just in case you may have
Any doubt
This poem's heaven sent
To tell you
You are beautiful
And that is what this poem
Is about.It is raining again
In Detroit tonight, Susan.
I happen to think
It is pretty,
As pretty as you,
As pretty
As a hundred girls
Laughing in the park.Pink’s pretty passion, Red’s re-revelries
Blue’s babbling brook, Green’s gracefully glee
Purple’s past presence, Orange's overseas
Yellow’s young yearning, your Love sets me free
Beautiful ranting, of rain color sill
Colors a picture, as image stands still
Full of all fullness, my heart’s past its fill
Loving you darling, with all of my willCrazy Loneliness Hijacks Memory of a Beautiful Girl
Last night
I missed you so much
I made love to
your nightdress
... passionately.
Now your nightdress
hides from me
slinks under covers and pillows
avoids my eyes.
I can't take another night  without you!
Your nightie can't take another night with me!
I am holding your dresses hostage
threatening them with kisses...caresses
if they make one false move.
Your other clothes
tremble in the wardrobe
...come back to me!Tears are falling,
From beautiful eyes.
Tears are falling,
Because of beautiful lies.
Tears are falling,
Because of what you said.
Tears are falling,
Onto a beautiful bed.
Tears are falling,
In a beautiful stream.
Tears are falling,
Because of a beautiful dream.
Tears are falling,
Because of your lies.
Tears are falling,
As beautiful dies.If you see me roaming Woodward Avenue
Down by the Majestic Theater,
I’ll be humming a song and digging the homeless,
Taking in the delicious aroma of pizza
Baking in the storefront,
Gazing at the young women and men
Drinking beer at outdoor tables
As conversations filter from the bowling alley.
I’ll laugh my ass off if a fight breaks out,
Everything is beautiful and cool on a Friday night,
Even the paramedics and cops smile
As their sirens wail and flash,
An old man takes his cane and smacks another
And it is all divine hi jinks
That a fun-loving God condones.
This city has been in decline for some time,
Dirty buildings and streets that often seem
Like a lonely ghost town,
But I can find just enough life around the corner
From the college to make it all sparkle
With the excitement of music and poetry
Interwoven with the inexhaustive heartbeats of desire.Oh, Marcia,
I want your long blonde beauty
to be taught in high school,
so kids will learn that God
lives like music in the skin
and sounds like a sunshine harpsicord.
I want high school report cards
to look like this:God's beautiful sky
you hold the earth in place
your friends surround your beautiful face
Your friends the clouds are your beard long
The birds fly through your white fluffy hair
and sing to you a song
You hold the heavens above
and the earth below
I can see you
wherever I go
Your friends the sun and moon
are your eyes and ears
the moon shines bright through the night
to sooth a child's fears
A tree starts as a seed
and grows up really high
but never get to touch their friend
the sky
Your friends the stars above
are your tokens of love
that sometimes shoot across your beautiful face
You can see them up in space
Look at the sky
Cause it is watching you
and when you see a rainbow
Your wishes will come trueYou shape my bones into your hunting coat.
Rain slants like needles through the falling air.
The field is vast with the old blood of leaves.
Fire in the windows warms my eyes to sleep.
Trees interlace the hills with gray patchwork.
I feel your fingers mend my broken wings.
Wind fades your name into a thread of smoke.
I cry its incandescence through my dreams.
We must believe that gray is beautiful,
East still exists although its outlines dim.
I feel the wind of dawn upon my face.
Put your hand there, and you will feel it too.
Previously published, Auraq, PakistanGreat, wide, beautiful, wonderful World,
With the wonderful water round you curled,
And the wonderful grass upon your breast--
World, you are beautifully drest.
The wonderful air is over me,
And the wonderful wind is shaking the tree,
It walks on the water, and whirls the mills,
And talks to itself on the tops of the hills.
You friendly Earth! how far do you go,
With the wheat-fields that nod and the rivers that flow,
With cities and gardens, and cliffs, and isles,
And people upon you for thousands of miles?
Ah, you are so great, and I am so small,
I tremble to think of you, World, at all;
And yet, when I said my prayers to-day,
A whisper inside me seemed to say,
"You are more than the Earth, though you are such a dot:
You can love and think, and the Earth cannot!"How beautiful
is the morning,
when the sun
rapes the darkness
and steals the virginity of the day,
spilling red across the sky.If only I could write a beautiful love poem
I would write it special and only to you
If only I could write a beautiful love poem
So that we will forever remain so very very true
If only I could write a beautiful love poem
With more than a goodness like something new
If only I could write a beautiful love poem
Like the everlasting stay of the sky so blue
If only I could write a beautiful love poem
I would pray to God
If only I could write a beautiful love poem
I would work very hard for the Lord
If only I could write a beautiful love poem
With happiness the remain all through the year
f only I could write a beautiful love poem
Knowing that you will be very near
If only I could write a beautiful love poem
One so very very true
If only I could write a beautiful love poem
I would write it just for youWe were both sitting
In a little non-descript bar
Where the loneliness
Hung heavily in the air
Like cigarette smoke.
In nearly drunken conversation,
You said you were
Sadly obsessed
By girl named Erica
Who turned into
A mythical dream and disappeared
Like Daphne into a laurel tree.
And I felt
Like we were brothers
In a world of beautiful women
Who fly away
Like untamed exotic birds
Which men can never cage.
And the bartender
Turned up the radio:
“The trouble is,
That you’re in love
With someone else,
It should be me,
It should be me! ”*Beautiful - beautiful morning outside,
Bright with the sunshine and glows in the sky.
Birdies are singing and dewdrops are falling:
It's a beautiful morning outside.
Day after day in this wonderful way,
Nature is showing its wonderful face,
With sunshine at mornings, and cheers every where;
It is morning again in this world.
I was eager in heaven to go on a stroll;
It was mother who who showed me this wonderful world,
With radiance and sunshine and glory to all;
I forgot the heavens the place of my soul.
Now that I am grown up a man in this world,
I will sing to the glory of God's given love.
I will look to the sunshine for youth and for joy,
For sunshine brings morning to all.If you choose it, no one can get any...but lose a lot
When a flower was faded
You needn't to die
When the sun was down
You needn't to die
So why you want to choose another way to live?
You don't know that world is perfect or evil!
When you die
You can't see another beautiful flower in bloom
When you die
You can't see the red hot sun's out
Yes, you can't see it~because you die
No one wants to abandon you
And god loves you too
But  all of this
It's you abandon yourself
you thought that death can remove all of your pain.
But you don't understand
The biggest misery is live in beauty but you don't know it!
Before your mind controled by devil
Before you come to another world with 'Hello'
Think about
Life is beautifulDear Johnny, I return my thanks to you;
But more than thanks is your due
For publishing the scurrilous poetry about me
Leaving the Ancient City of Dundee.
The rhymster says, we'll weary for your schauchlin' form;
But if I'm not mistaken I've seen bonnier than his in a field of corn;
And, as I venture to say and really suppose,
His form seen in a cornfield would frighten the crows.
But, dear Johnny, as you said, he's just a lampoon,
And as ugly and as ignorant as a wild baboon;
And, as far as I can judge or think,
He is a vendor of strong drink.
He says my nose would make a peasemeal warrior weep;
But I've seen a much bonnier sweep,
And a more manly and wiser man
Than he is by far, deny it who can!
And, in conclusion, I'd have him to beware,
And never again to interfere with a poet's hair,
Because Christ the Saviour wore long hair,
And many more good men, I do declare.
Therefore I laugh at such bosh that appears in print.
So I hope from me you will take the hint,
And never publish such bosh of poetry again,
Or else you'll get the famous Weekly News a bad name.On a warm sultry night last August,
I went to a rock concert featuring Liz Phair
And several other female artists.
A male friend of mine couldn’t go with me,
But I didn’t really mind, I love music so much
That I never want to talk or think about anything but the show.
Once I was there, though, I ran into three female friends:
Erica, Diana, and Soha!
I was as nearly as exited to see them as Liz;
If I had been a puppy,
My little tail would have been
Ecstatically wagging!
I was in the front row and toward the end of the show,
I reached my hand toward Liz Phair wanting
To slightly touch her, but she placed a guitar pick
Into my outstretched hand, I thought I might have a heart attack!
My three friends were cheering me on like perfect angels!
When the show was over, I walked out with my three friends.
The concert was promoted by a makeup company,
And they were giving out free packets of makeup.
My three friends, all beautiful ladies, took one;
Being right on their heels, I also took one.
The woman handing out the makeup gave me a peculiar look,
But I never thought about it, but Erica, being the most wonderfully
Outspoken and lovely woman, asked me almost accusingly,
“Are you going to use that, Uriah? ” Innocently I replied,
“What is it? ” Soha joined in, “Eyeliner. Can I have it? ”
I had never used eyeliner before and had no real intentions to start,
So I was quite happy to give it to Soha!
But on the way home from the show I thought,
I’m glad they weren’t giving out tampons,
I probably would have taken a handful of those, too!All things bright and beautiful,
All creatures great and small,
All things wise and wonderful,
The Lord God made them all.
Each little flower that opens,
Each little bird that sings,
He made their glowing colours,
He made their tiny wings.
The rich man in his castle,
The poor man at his gate,
God made them, high or lowly,
And ordered their estate.
The purple-headed mountain,
The river running by,
The sunset, and the morning,
That brightens up the sky;
The cold wind in the winter,
The pleasant summer sun,
The ripe fruits in the garden,
He made them every one.
The tall trees in the greenwood,
The meadows where we play,
The rushes by the water,
We gather every day;--
He gave us eyes to see them,
And lips that we might tell,
How great is God Almighty,
Who has made all things well.I have two beautiful children
Was it excellent? A daughter and a son
The chubby twelve yrs old is Pim
The younger 9 is a bit slim, Pete is the other one
Pim is a lovely funny girl
Her hair is a bit curly curl, she said like her mom
She loves to go to school
And she is very cool, telling me she wants to drum
She has a lot of good friends
Like a choo choo train, her friends at school
B, Manao, Fon, Puen, Tob, Deer and Dae
It’s enough for today, they all are wonderful
Pim is a big fan of MTV
I always see she listens to the song
When she’s home, she turns Television on
MTV of course, cos she loves to sing along
She likes to do some art works
Painting, drawing the bird, folding some origami
Making me lots of beautiful card
Coming straight from her heart, they’re very pretty
Oh dear, saying a lot about Pim
Pete loves to swim and he likes to play
He stays with Ed his father
He has a little brother from his stepmother A
Japanese super heroes he likes
The ones with the light, he loves the most
V 8 I chose for his birthday present
When he turned to 7, n I also gave him some clothes
Pete is a very sweet boy
He keeps his toys very nice on the shelf
He does not look like his sister
But looks like his mother, he’s charming by himself
I love very much my two kids
I try to be strict for their good manners
I hope to see both of them grow
Hoping time pass a bit slow, they can make me pleasure
I have to end my poem right now
I hope they both proud having me as their mother
Teaching them for me is difficult some time
Getting help from Khun Ta Khun Yai, as they called my mother & fatherMy dove, my beautiful one,
Arise, arise!
The night-dew lies
Upon my lips and eyes.
The odorous winds are weaving
A music of sighs:
Arise, arise,
My dove, my beautiful one!
I wait by the cedar tree,
My sister, my love,
White breast of the dove,
My breast shall be your bed.
The pale dew lies
Like a veil on my head.
My fair one, my fair dove,
Arise, arise!In a world of barbies, implants and a size 26 waist
heartache's no more prevalent than in her with a beautiful face.
No more wanted for her looks than her heart
her persona fades as soon as puberty starts.
She screams celebrity in a small town manner
In a world that passes judgement by how much you achieve
she must use her 'talents' as the world perceives.
As years go by her beauty's but a nuisance
to the person inside made up of more substance.
She SCREAMS celebrity in a small town manner
There's no plastic surgery to alter your soul
no place for outward beauty in the world of good will.
To wed true love's but a leap of trust
so she squanders her beauty as a matter of must.
For small town love in true Hollywood fashion.Beautiful landscape! I could look on thee
For hours,--unmindful of the storm and strife,
And mingled murmurs of tumultuous life.
Here, all is still as fair--the stream, the tree,
The wood, the sunshine on the bank: no tear
No thought of time's swift wing, or closing night
Which comes to steal away the long sweet light,
No sighs of sad humanity are here.
Here is no tint of mortal change--the day
Beneath whose light the dog and peasant-boy
Gambol with look, and almost bark, of joy--
Still seems, though centuries have passed, to stay.
Then gaze again, that shadowed scenes may teach
Lessons of peace and love, beyond all speech.A Brother and Sister
O I admire and sorrow! The heart’s eye grieves
Discovering you, dark tramplers, tyrant years.
A juice rides rich through bluebells, in vine leaves,
And beauty’s dearest veriest vein is tears.
Happy the father, mother of these! Too fast:
Not that, but thus far, all with frailty, blest
In one fair fall; but, for time’s aftercast,
Creatures all heft, hope, hazard, interest.
And are they thus? The fine, the fingering beams
Their young delightful hour do feature down
That fleeted else like day-dissolvèd dreams
Or ringlet-race on burling Barrow brown.
She leans on him with such contentment fond
As well the sister sits, would well the wife;
His looks, the soul’s own letters, see beyond,
Gaze on, and fall directly forth on life.
But ah, bright forelock, cluster that you are
Of favoured make and mind and health and youth,
Where lies your landmark, seamark, or soul’s star?
There’s none but truth can stead you. Christ is truth.
There ’s none but good can bé good, both for you
And what sways with you, maybe this sweet maid;
None good but God—a warning wavèd to
One once that was found wanting when Good weighed.
Man lives that list, that leaning in the will
No wisdom can forecast by gauge or guess,
The selfless self of self, most strange, most still,
Fast furled and all foredrawn to No or Yes.
Your feast of; that most in you earnest eye
May but call on your banes to more carouse.
Worst will the best. What worm was here, we cry,
To have havoc-pocked so, see, the hung-heavenward boughs?
Enough: corruption was the world’s first woe.
What need I strain my heart beyond my ken?
O but I bear my burning witness though
Against the wild and wanton work of men.
. . . . . . .Simplicity is beauty,
Purity, divinity;
The virtue of quality
Excels that of quantity.
Beauty that pleases the sense is good,
Beauty and vitue are good,
Seek for things simple but noble,
Virtue alone can ennoble.
True beauty is simply graceful,
The graceful are beautiful,
There's beauty that's deceitful,
Nature itself is beautiful,
Beauty is perfection of form,
Virtue and good sense conforms,
Beautiful things may deform,
But virtue act in good form.a Korean woman
had been sitting
in my cultural awareness class,
for an hour,
and couldn’t understand
how African-Americans
had so much trouble
getting along with whites.
She never had trouble until,
we started talking about stereotypes
that included Asians.
They are always sneaky looking,
shrewd businessmen,
have exotic women
can’t drive well,
but know karate
and they all have slanted eyes.
She almost cried,
before she stammered,
“Slanted eyes are beautiful! '
'Slanted eyes are beautiful! '
and for the first time
everyone in the room
understood
whySomething beautiful
You gave me,
Alive and
Needing care,
And though I tried
To nurture it,
It wound up
Dead and bare.
Something in me
Strangled it,
Crushed its frail
Life out,
And having sought
To love it
I felt shame
And guilt
And doubt.
You gave me then
Another gift,
Beautiful and fresh.
Again I snuffed its spirit out.
Again I brought it death,
For something in me murderous
Upon it took its toll
As I tried to nourish it
With all my heart and soul.
And now I stand
Beside my life
Of painful memories.
Don't let this happen
Any more. Oh, don't
Allow it, please!
Send me to the Grower's School,
To learn to nurture free
The precious gifts You send my way —
To let them grow and be,
To join them in a love song
Ever beautiful and new,
Full of joyous spirit
Of gratitude to You.IF when the sun at noon displays
His brighter rays,
Thou but appear,
He then, all pale with shame and fear,
Quencheth his light,
Hides his dark brow, flies from thy sight,
And grows more dim,
Compared to thee, than stars to him.
If thou but show thy face again,
When darkness doth at midnight reign,
The darkness flies, and light is hurl'd
Round about the silent world :
So as alike thou driv'st away
Both light and darkness, night and day.X
Yet, love, mere love, is beautiful indeed
And worthy of acceptation. Fire is bright,
Let temple burn, or flax; an equal light
Leaps in the flame from cedar-plank or weed:
And love is fire. And when I say at need
I love thee . . . mark! . . . I love thee—in thy sight
I stand transfigured, glorified aright,
With conscience of the new rays that proceed
Out of my face toward thine. There's nothing low
In love, when love the lowest: meanest creatures
Who love God, God accepts while loving so.
And what I feel, across the inferior features
Of what I am, doth flash itself, and show
How that great work of Love enhances Nature's.Gloomy faces in grocery stores
Traverse the aisles of the vegetables.
No one seems happy plotting out
And paying for their sustenance,
But personally, I adore
Every bag of gorgeously orange carrots
And the lovely dark green broccoli.
And how divine to see Italian wine
Or recently baked apple pies,
Sometimes I can’t believe my eyes
To be in such a beautiful place!
In reverence I bow my head,
I can’t wait to go home and say my prayers
And break my bread.The beautiful American word, Sure,
As I have come into a room, and touch
The lamp's button, and the light blooms with such
Certainty where the darkness loomed before,
As I care for what I do not know, and care
Knowing for little she might not have been,
And for how little she would be unseen,
The intercourse of lives miraculous and dear.
Where the light is, and each thing clear,
separate from all others, standing in its place,
I drink the time and touch whatever's near,
And hope for day when the whole world has that face:
For what assures her present every year?
In dark accidents the mind's sufficient grace.Beautiful, black-eyed boy,
O lithe-limbed Beeshareen!
Face that finds no maid coy,
Page for some peerless queen:
Some Orient queen of old,
Sumptuous in woven gold,
Close-clinging fold on fold,
Lightning, with gems between.
Bred in the desert, where
Only to breathe and be
Alive in living air
Is finest ecstasy;
Where just to ride or rove,
With sun or stars above,
Intoxicates like love,
When love shall come to thee.
Thy lovely limbs are bare;
Only a rag, in haste,
Draped with a princely air,
Girdles they slender waist.
And gaudy beads and charms,
Dangling from neck and arms,
Ward off dread spells and harms
Of Efreets of the waste.
Caressed of wind and sun,
Across the white-walled town
Fawnlike we saw thee run,
Light Love in Mocha brown!
Wild Cupid, without wings,
Twanging thy viol strings;
With crocodiles and rings
Bartered for half a crown.
Spoilt darling of our bark,
Smiling with teeth as white
As when across the dark
There breaks a flash of light.
And what a careless grace
Showed in thy gait and pace;
Eyes starlike in a face
Sweet as a Nubian night!
Better than Felt or Fez,
High on thy forehead set,
Countless in lock and tress,
Waved a wild mane of jet.
Kings well might envy thee
What courts but rarely see,
Curls of rich ebony
Coiled in a coronet.
Lo--in dim days long since--
The strolling Almehs tell,
Thou shouldst have been a prince,
Boy of the ebon fell!
If truth the poet sings,
Thy tribe, oh Beduin, springs
From those lost tribes of Kings,
Once Kings in Israel.
Ah me! the camp-fires gleam
Out yonder, where the sands
Fade like a lotos dream
In hollow twilight lands.
Our sail swells to the blast,
Our boat speeds far and fast,
Farewell! And to the last
Smile, waving friendly hands.
* * * * * *
From England's storm-girt isle,
O'er seas where seagulls wail,
Rocked on the rippling Nile,
We drift with drooping sail.
On waters hushed at night,
Where stars of Egypt write
In hieroglyphs of light
Their undeciphered tale.
Forlorn sits Assouan;
Where is her boy, her pride?--
Now in the lamplit Khan,
Now by the riverside,
Or where the Soudanese,
Under mimosa trees,
Chaunt mournful melodies,
We've sought him far and wide.
Oh, desert-nurtured Child,
How dared they carry thee,
Far from thy native Wild,
Across the Western Sea?
Packed off, poor boy, at last,
With many a plaster cast
Of plinth and pillar vast,
And waxen mummies piled!
Ah! just like other ware,
For a lump sum or so
Shipped to the World's great Fair--
To big Chicago Show!
With mythic beasts and things,
Beetles and bulls with wings,
And imitation Sphinx,
Ranged row on curious row!
Beautiful, black-eyed boy;
Ah me! how strange it is
That thou, the desert's joy,
Whom heavenly winds would kiss,
With Ching and Chang-hwa ware,
Blue pots and bronzes rare,
Shouldst now be over there
Shown at Porkopolis.
Gone like a lovely dream,
Child of the starry smile;
Gone from the glowing stream
Glassing its greenest isle!
We've sought, but sought in vain;
Thou wilt not come again,
Never for bliss or pain,
Home to thy orphaned Nile.They drift down the hall together;
He smiles in her lifted eyes.
Like waves of that mighty river
The strains of the ‘Danube’ rise.
They float on its rhythmic measure,
Like leaves on a summer stream;
And here, in this scene of pleasure,
I bury my sweet dead dream.
Through the cloud of her dusky tresses,
Like a star, shines out her face;
And the form of his strong arm presses
Is sylph-like in its grace.
As a leaf on the bounding river
Is lost in the seething sea,
I know that for ever and ever
My dream is lost to me.
And still the viols are playing
That grand old wordless rhyme;
And still those two are swaying
In perfect tune and time.
If the great bassoons that mutter,
If the clarinets that blow,
Were given the chance to utter
The secret things they know.
Would the lists of the slain who slumber
On the Danube’s battle-plains
The unknown hosts outnumber
Who die ‘neath the ‘Danube’s’ strains?
Those fall where the cannons rattle,
‘Mid the rain of shot and shell;
But these, in a fiercer battle,
Find death in the music’s swell.
With the river’s roar of passion
Is blended the dying groan;
But here, in the halls of fashion,
Hearts break, and make no moan.
And the music, swelling and sweeping,
Like the river, knows it all;
But none are counting or keeping
The lists of those who fall.One wading a Fall meadow finds on all sides
The Queen Anne's Lace lying like lilies
On water; it glides
So from the walker, it turns
Dry grass to a lake, as the slightest shade of you
Valleys my mind in fabulous blue Lucernes.
The beautiful changes as a forest is changed
By a chameleon's tuning his skin to it;
As a mantis, arranged
On a green leaf, grows
Into it, makes the leaf leafier, and proves
Any greenness is greener than anyone knows.
Your hands hold roses always in a way that says
They are not only yours; the beautiful changes
In such kind ways,
Wishing ever to sunder
Things and Thing's selves for a second finding, to lose
For a moment all that it touches back to wonder.Beautiful Ancient City of Perth,
One of the grandest on the earth,
With your stately mansions and streets so clean,
And situated between two Inches green,
Which are most magnificent to be seen
The North Inch is beautiful to behold,
Where the daisies and butter-cups their petals unfold,
In the warm summer time of the year,
While the clear silvery Tay rolls by quite near,
And such a scene will your spirits cheer.
The South Inch is lovely, be it said,
And a splendid spot for military parade,
While along the highway there are some big trees,
Where the soldiers can rest or stand at ease,
Whichever way their commanders please.
The surrounding woodland scenery is very grand,
It cannot be surpassed in fair Scotland,
Especially the elegant Palace of Scone, in history renowned,
Where some of Scotland's kings were crowned.
And the Fair Maid of Perth's house is worthy to be seen,
Which is well worth visiting by Duke, Lord, or Queen;
The Fair Maid of Perth caused the battle on the North Inch
'Twixt the Clans Chattan and Kay, and neither of them did flinch,
Until they were cut up inch by inch.
The scenery is lovely in the month of June,
When trees and flowers are in full bloom,
Especially near by the Palace of Scone,
Where the blackbird is heard whistling all day
While near by rolls on the clear silvery Tay.
Of all the cities in Scotland, beautiful Perth for me,
For it is the most elegant city that ever I did see,
With its beautiful woodland scenery along the river Tay,
Which would make the tourist's heart feel gay,
While fishing for trout on a fine summer day.
There, the angler, if he likes to resort
For a few day's fishing, can have excellent sport,
And while he is fishing during the day,
He will feel delighted with the scenery along the river Tay.
And the fish he catches will drive dull care away,
And his toil will be rewarded for the fatigues of the day.
Beautiful city of Perth, magnificent to be seen,
With your grand statues and Inches green,
And your lovely maidens fair and gay,
Which, in conclusion, I will venture to say,
You cannot be surpassed at the present day.I love you more than my old soccer cleats,
The ones I’ll never give up.
I love you more than the perfect field,
The one I use to warm up.
I love you more than my soccer ball,
The one that’s perfect for amazing passes.
I love you more than me running along those different types of grasses.
I love you more than the cheering crowds,
The stands made out of plaster.
I love you more than that perfect kick,
That I have yet to master.
I love you more than my soccer cleats the ones that hold all reason.
I love you more than my coach, my soccer team and my season.
I love you more than winning that world cup,
That we have yet to reclaim.
I can’t believe I love you more than the beautiful game.Come, cuddle your head on my shoulder, dear,
Your head like the golden-rod,
And we will go sailing away from here
To the beautiful land of Nod.
Away from life’s hurry, and flurry, and worry,
Away from earth’s shadows and gloom,
To a world of fair weather we’ll float off together
Where the roses are always in bloom.
Just shut up your eyes, and fold your hands,
Your hands like the leaves of a rose,
And we will go sailing to those fair lands
That an atlas never shows.
On the North and the West they are bounded by rest,
On the South and the East by dreams;
‘Tis the country ideal, where nothing is real,
But everything only seems.
Just dropp down the curtains of your dear eyes,
Those eyes like a bright blue-bell,
And we will sail out under starlit skies
To the land where the fairies dwell.
Down the river of sleep our barque  shall sweep,
Till it reaches the mystical isle
Which no man has seen, but where all have been,
And there we will pause for awhile.
I will croon you a song as we float along,
To that shore that is blessed of God,
Then ho! for that fair land, we’re off for that rare land,
That beautiful Land of Nod.What gives it power makes it change its mind
At each extreme, and lean its rising rain
Down low, first one and then the other way;
In which exchange humility and pride
Reverse, forgive, arise, and die again,
Wherefore it holds at both ends of the day
The rainbow in its scattering grains of spray.
Anonymous submission.The mountain valley is the place of nature's gift
Through out the season it shower with beautiful nature
When you stand in between the mountain valley
You feel that the heaven blesses you dearly
You feel that the greenery hug you tightly
You feel that the cool breeze touches you tenderly
You see that the water falls roll over violently
You see that the trees dance to the tune of wind smoothly
You hear that the birds sing nature choir happily
You watch that the animals walk freely
When the nature open its heart widely
It gives everyone a chance to be with nature closely.
Ravi Sathasivam / Sri Lanka
Copyright ©2004 Ravi SathasivamNow I leave this cottage lowly,
Where my love hath made her home,
And with silent footstep slowly
Through the darksome forest roam,
Luna breaks through oaks and bushes,
Zephyr hastes her steps to meet,
And the waving birch-tree blushes,
Scattering round her incense sweet.
Grateful are the cooling breezes
Of this beauteous summer night,
Here is felt the charm that pleases,
And that gives the soul delight.
Boundless is my joy; yet, Heaven,
Willingly I'd leave to thee
Thousand such nights, were one given
By my maiden loved to me!I go to bed in Los Angeles thinking
about you.Beautiful Sun! with thy golden rays,
To God, the wise Creator, be all praise;
For thou nourisheth all the creation,
Wherever there is found to be animation.
Without thy heat we could not live,
Then praise to God we ought to give;
For thou makest the fruits and provisions to grow,
To nourish all creatures on earth below.
Thou makest the hearts of the old feel glad,
Likewise the young child and the lad,
And the face of Nature to look green and gay,
And the little children to sport and play.
Thou also givest light unto the Moon,
Which certainly is a very great boon
To all God's creatures here below,
Throughout the world where'er they go.
How beautiful thou look'st on a summer morn,
When thou sheddest thy effulgence among the yellow corn,
Also upon lake, and river, and the mountain tops,
Whilst thou leavest behind the most lovely dewdrops!
How beautiful thou seem'st in the firmament above,
As I gaze upon thee, my heart fills with love
To God, the great Creator, Who has placed thee there,
Who watches all His creatures with an eye of care!
Thou makest the birds to sing on the tree,
Also by meadow, mountain, and lea;
And the lark high poised up in air,
Carolling its little song with its heart free from care.
Thou makest the heart of the shepherd feel gay
As he watches the little lambkins at their innocent play;
While he tends them on the hillside all day,
Taking care that none of them shall go astray.
Thou cheerest the weary traveller while on his way
During the livelong summer day,
As he admires the beautiful scenery while passing along,
And singing to himself a stave of a song.
Thou cheerest the tourist while amongst the Highland hills,
As he views their beautiful sparkling rills
Glittering like diamonds by the golden rays,
While the hills seem to offer up to God their praise.
While the bee from flower to flower does roam
To gather honey, and carry it home;
While it hums its little song in the beautiful sunshine,
And seemingly to thank the Creator divine --
For the honey it hath gathered during the day,
In the merry month of May,
When the flowers are in full bloom,
Also the sweet honeysuckle and the broom.
How beautiful thy appearance while setting in the west,
Whilst encircled with red and azure, 'tis then thou look'st best!
Then let us all thank God for thy golden light
In our prayers every morning and night!Take the showers of April
The roses of June
The lazy sun of August
For an October honeymoon
Take the autumn leaves
Turning green to brown
The snows of winter
That will soon cover the ground
Take all these beauties
And the seven wonders of the world
Wrap them and tie them with a bow
So I can give them to my girl
She could shame any wonder
No doubt them all
For she is
The most beautiful wonder of all
(Date written unknown)Two genii are there, from thy birth through weary life to guide thee;
Ah, happy when, united both, they stand to aid beside thee?
With gleesome play to cheer the path, the one comes blithe with beauty,
And lighter, leaning on her arm, the destiny and duty.
With jest and sweet discourse she goes unto the rock sublime,
Where halts above the eternal sea the shuddering child of time.
The other here, resolved and mute and solemn, claspeth thee,
And bears thee in her giant arms across the fearful sea.
Never admit the one alone!--Give not the gentle guide
Thy honor--nor unto the stern thy happiness confide!The world is a beautiful place
to be born into
if you don't mind happiness
not always being
so very much fun
if you don't mind a touch of hell
now and then
just when everything is fine
because even in heaven
they don't sing
all the time
The world is a beautiful place
to be born into
if you don't mind some people dying
all the time
or maybe only starving
some of the time
which isn't half bad
if it isn't you
Oh the world is a beautiful place
to be born into
if you don't much mind
a few dead minds
in the higher places
or a bomb or two
now and then
in your upturned faces
or such other improprieties
as our Name Brand society
is prey to
with its men of distinction
and its men of extinction
and its priests
and other patrolmen
and its various segregations
and congressional investigations
and other constipations
that our fool flesh
is heir to
Yes the world is the best place of all
for a lot of such things as
making the fun scene
and making the love scene
and making the sad scene
and singing low songs and having inspirations
and walking around
looking at everything
and smelling flowers
and goosing statues
and even thinking
and kissing people and
making babies and wearing pants
and waving hats and
dancing
and going swimming in rivers
on picnics
in the middle of the summer
and just generally
'living it up'
Yes
but then right in the middle of it
comes the smiling
morticianIf I am not in your life, do not mind
However, I will come in your dreams every night
Every night I will come and sit, in front of you
Touching you and feeling your soft breaths
Hold your hand and looking into your lake eyes
You are singing and I am listening your sweet voice
My head on your sky laps
You rolling your fingers into my hairs
You dropping your love on me as a rain
Moreover, I play with like a little kid games
And the time is come.......
The moon completed his journey
Stars are going his home
We waked up and came out of the dreams
Here we saw beautiful morning scene
Sun is red and bright birds are singing
Cold polite wind flow, flowers are laughing
Moreover, we both are thinking
About this beautiful dreamWeary not of us, for we are very beautiful; it is out of very jealousy and proper pride that we entered the veil.
On the day when we cast of the body’s veil from the soul, you will see that we are the envy of despair of man and the Polestars.
Wash your face and become clean for beholding us, else remain afar, for we are beloveds of ourselves.
We are not that beauty who tomorrow will become a crone; till eternity we are young and heart-comforting and fair of stature.
If that veil become worn out, the beauty has not grown old; the life of the Veil is transient, and we are boundless life.
When Eblis saw the veil of Adam, he refused; Adam called to him, “You are the rejected one, not I.”
The rest of the angels fell down prostrate, saying as they bowed themselves, “We have encountered a beauty:
“Beneath the veil is an idol who by his qualities robbed us of reason, and we, prostrate, fell.”
If our reason does not know the forms of the foul old men from those of the beauties, we are apostates from love.
What place is there for a beauty? For he is the Lion of God. Like a child we prattled, for we are children of the alphabet.
Children are beguiled with nuts and raisins, else, how are we meet for nuts and sesame-grains?
When an old woman is hidden in helmet and chainmail, she says, “I am the illustrious Rostam of the battle ranks.”
By her boast all know that she is a woman; how should we make a mistake, seeing that we are in the light of Ahmad?
“The believer is discriminating” - so said the Prophet; now close your mouth, for we are guided rightly without speech.
Hear the rest of from Shams the Pride of Tabiz for we did not take the end of the story from that king.You are beautiful
Your love shines right through me
Every time I hear your name
It makes my cheeks red with shame
You are beautiful
And I love you
Like I love music
But you much more boldly
How about you and I go down to the park?
It makes this love more mysterious and dark
You are beautiful
Your red lips make my cheeks red
Your flowing hair makes mine stand on end
Jealousy, envy, love, and lust
You cannot be more robust
You are beautiful
Now I have described it as best I can
I should be done talking to myself now
And I think I should talk to the beautiful stranger before me
Or maybe the beautiful you is not man but is this-
Poetry
Yes I believe I will go down to the park
So it is mysterious and dark
And write about you Poetry
For I realize that Poetry is far more beautiful than theeWalk straight into the blissful arms
Of a new day,
Create an invigorating mindset
And devote your dreams
To an exquisite fate.
Be conscientious in following paths
Of illumination and self-realization:
Every moment is the death
Of a disappointing past
With the reassuring promise of rebirth.
Discover the immensity of your self-worth:
Unseen gods and goddesses
Are awaiting your arrival;
Deities in secret galaxies
Offer incense for your survival
And compose verses for your soul’s protection.i woke up
my body was cold
i climbed off the bed
i tried not to fall
i couldnt see
everything was a blur
i remember being beat
before i reached unconciesness
i heard them speak
they talked of blood
and the next chapter to
the book of shadows
i felt the blade
but it didnt hurt
i couldnt speak
maybe i couldnt even breathe
all i know is right now im in the hospital
laying in the bed
i hear the breathing machine behind me buzz inside my head
who makes the decision?We can appreciate the energy in art
and feel strong in the transfusion,
but then time keeps dripping,
the curse of the beauty drinker.
Surrogate life,
virtual, safe, mediocre.
Looking in the usual wrong places,
we´ll never get to know
what we want.
I am able to believe anything,
to deceive myself once more.
Do we need a miracle?
In the meantime,
silently,
the mysterious order of truth
moves forward.Ah whither, Love, wilt thou now carry me?
What wontless fury dost thou now inspire
Into my feeble breast, too full of thee?
Whilst seeking to aslake thy raging fire,
Thou in me kindlest much more great desire,
And up aloft above my strength dost raise
The wondrous matter of my fire to praise.
That as I erst in praise of thine own name,
So now in honour of thy mother dear,
An honourable hymn I eke should frame,
And with the brightness of her beauty clear,
The ravish'd hearts of gazeful men might rear
To admiration of that heavenly light,
From whence proceeds such soul-enchanting might.
Thereto do thou, great goddess, queen of beauty,
Mother of love, and of all world's delight,
Without whose sovereign grace and kindly duty
Nothing on earth seems fair to fleshly sight,
Do thou vouchsafe with thy love-kindling light
T' illuminate my dim and dulled eyne,
And beautify this sacred hymn of thine:
That both to thee, to whom I mean it most,
And eke to her, whose fair immortal beam
Hath darted fire into my feeble ghost,
That now it wasted is with woes extreme,
It may so please, that she at length will stream
Some dew of grace into my withered heart,
After long sorrow and consuming smart.
WHAT time this world's great Workmaster did cast
To make all things such as we now behold,
It seems that he before his eyes had plac'd
A goodly pattern, to whose perfect mould
He fashion'd them as comely as he could;
That now so fair and seemly they appear,
As nought may be amended anywhere.
That wondrous pattern, wheresoe'er it be,
Whether in earth laid up in secret store,
Or else in heaven, that no man may it see
With sinful eyes, for fear it to deflore,
Is perfect Beauty, which all men adore;
Whose face and feature doth so much excel
All mortal sense, that none the same may tell.
Thereof as every earthly thing partakes
Or more or less, by influence divine,
So it more fair accordingly it makes,
And the gross matter of this earthly mine,
Which clotheth it, thereafter doth refine,
Doing away the dross which dims the light
Of that fair beam which therein is empight.
For, through infusion of celestial power,
The duller earth it quick'neth with delight,
And lifeful spirits privily doth pour
Through all the parts, that to the looker's sight
They seem to please. That is thy sovereign might,
O Cyprian queen, which flowing from the beam
Of thy bright star, thou into them dost stream.
That is the thing which giveth pleasant grace
To all things fair, that kindleth lively fire,
Light of thy lamp, which, shining in the face,
Thence to the soul darts amorous desire,
And robs the hearts of those which it admire;
Therewith thou pointest thy son's poison'd arrow,
That wounds the life, and wastes the inmost marrow.
How vainly then do idle wits invent,
That beauty is nought else but mixture made
Of colours fair, and goodly temp'rament
Of pure complexions, that shall quickly fade
And pass away, like to a summer's shade;
Or that it is but comely composition
Of parts well measur'd, with meet disposition.
Hath white and red in it such wondrous power,
That it can pierce through th' eyes unto the heart,
And therein stir such rage and restless stour,
As nought but death can stint his dolour's smart?
Or can proportion of the outward part
Move such affection in the inward mind,
That it can rob both sense and reason blind?
Why do not then the blossoms of the field,
Which are array'd with much more orient hue,
And to the sense most dainty odours yield,
Work like impression in the looker's view?
Or why do not fair pictures like power shew,
In which oft-times we nature see of art
Excell'd, in perfect limning every part?
But ah, believe me, there is more than so,
That works such wonders in the minds of men;
I, that have often prov'd, too well it know,
And whoso list the like assays to ken,
Shall find by trial, and confess it then,
That beauty is not, as fond men misdeem,
An outward shew of things, that only seem.
For that same goodly hue of white and red,
With which the cheeks are sprinkled, shall decay,
And those sweet rosy leaves, so fairly spread
Upon the lips, shall fade and fall away
To that they were, even to corrupted clay;
That golden wire, those sparkling stars so bright,
Shall turn to dust; and lose their goodly light.
But that fair lamp, from whose celestial ray
That light proceeds, which kindleth lovers' fire,
Shall never be extinguish'd nor decay;
But when the vital spirits do expire,
Unto her native planet shall retire;
For it is heavenly born and cannot die,
Being a parcel of the purest sky.
For when the soul, the which derived was,
At first, out of that great immortal Spright,
By whom all live to love, whilom did pass
Down from the top of purest heaven's height
To be embodied here, it then took light
And lively spirits from that fairest star,
Which lights the world forth from his fiery car.
Which power retaining still or more or less,
When she in fleshly seed is eft enraced,
Through every part she doth the same impress,
According as the heavens have her graced,
And frames her house, in which she will be placed,
Fit for herself, adorning it with spoil
Of th' heavenly riches which she robb'd erewhile.
Thereof it comes that these fair souls, which have
The most resemblance of that heavenly light,
Frame to themselves most beautiful and brave
Their fleshly bower, most fit for their delight,
And the gross matter by a sovereign might
Tempers so trim, that it may well be seen
A palace fit for such a virgin queen.
So every spirit, as it is most pure,
And hath in it the more of heavenly light,
So it the fairer body doth procure
To habit in, and it more fairly dight
With cheerful grace and amiable sight.
For of the soul the body form doth take:
For soul is form, and doth the body make.
Therefore wherever that thou dost behold
A comely corpse, with beauty fair endued,
Know this for certain, that the same doth hold
A beauteous soul, with fair conditions thewed,
Fit to receive the seed of virtue strewed.
For all that fair is, is by nature good;
That is a sign to know the gentle blood.
Yet oft it falls that many a gentle mind
Dwells in deformed tabernacle drown'd,
Either by chance, against the course of kind,
Or through unaptness in the substance found,
Which it assumed of some stubborn ground,
That will not yield unto her form's direction,
But is deform'd with some foul imperfection.
And oft it falls, (ay me, the more to rue)
That goodly beauty, albe heavenly born,
Is foul abus'd, and that celestial hue,
Which doth the world with her delight adorn,
Made but the bait of sin, and sinners' scorn,
Whilst every one doth seek and sue to have it,
But every one doth seek but to deprave it.
Yet nathëmore is that fair beauty's blame,
But theirs that do abuse it unto ill:
Nothing so good, but that through guilty shame
May be corrupt, and wrested unto will:
Natheless the soul is fair and beauteous still,
However flesh{"e}s fault it filthy make;
For things immortal no corruption take.
But ye fair dames, the world's dear ornaments
And lively images of heaven's light,
Let not your beams with such disparagements
Be dimm'd, and your bright glory dark'ned quite;
But mindful still of your first country's sight,
Do still preserve your first informed grace,
Whose shadow yet shines in your beauteous face.
Loathe that foul blot, that hellish firebrand,
Disloyal lust, fair beauty's foulest blame,
That base affections, which your ears would bland,
Commend to you by love's abused name,
But is indeed the bondslave of defame;
Which will the garland of your glory mar,
And quench the light of your bright shining star.
But gentle Love, that loyal is and true,
Will more illumine your resplendent ray,
And add more brightness to your goodly hue,
From light of his pure fire; which, by like way
Kindled of yours, your likeness doth display;
Like as two mirrors, by oppos'd reflection,
Do both express the face's first impression.
Therefore, to make your beauty more appear,
It you behoves to love, and forth to lay
That heavenly riches which in you ye bear,
That men the more admire their fountain may;
For else what booteth that celestial ray,
If it in darkness be enshrined ever,
That it of loving eyes be viewed never?
But, in your choice of loves, this well advise,
That likest to yourselves ye them select,
The which your forms' first source may sympathize,
And with like beauty's parts be inly deckt;
For, if you loosely love without respect,
It is no love, but a discordant war,
Whose unlike parts amongst themselves do jar.
For love is a celestial harmony
Of likely hearts compos'd of stars' concent,
Which join together in sweet sympathy,
To work each other's joy and true content,
Which they have harbour'd since their first descent
Out of their heavenly bowers, where they did see
And know each other here belov'd to be.
Then wrong it were that any other twain
Should in love's gentle band combined be
But those whom Heaven did at first ordain,
And made out of one mould the more t' agree;
For all that like the beauty which they see,
Straight do not love; for love is not so light
As straight to burn at first beholder's sight.
But they, which love indeed, look otherwise,
With pure regard and spotless true intent,
Drawing out of the object of their eyes
A more refined form, which they present
Unto their mind, void of all blemishment;
Which it reducing to her first perfection,
Beholdeth free from flesh's frail infection.
And then conforming it unto the light,
Which in itself it hath remaining still,
Of that first Sun, yet sparkling in his sight,
Thereof he fashions in his higher skill
An heavenly beauty to his fancy's will;
And it embracing in his mind entire,
The mirror of his own thought doth admire.
Which seeing now so inly fair to be,
As outward it appeareth to the eye,
And with his spirit's proportion to agree,
He thereon fixeth all his fantasy,
And fully setteth his felicity;
Counting it fairer than it is indeed,
And yet indeed her fairness doth exceed.
For lovers' eyes more sharply sighted be
Than other men's, and in dear love's delight
See more than any other eyes can see,
Through mutual receipt of beam{"e}s bright,
Which carry privy message to the spright,
And to their eyes that inmost fair display,
As plain as light discovers dawning day.
Therein they see, through amorous eye-glances,
Armies of loves still flying to and fro,
Which dart at them their little fiery lances;
Whom having wounded, back again they go,
Carrying compassion to their lovely foe;
Who, seeing her fair eyes' so sharp effect,
Cures all their sorrows with one sweet aspect.
In which how many wonders do they rede
To their conceit, that others never see,
Now of her smiles, with which their souls they feed,
Like gods with nectar in their banquets free;
Now of her looks, which like to cordials be;
But when her words' embássade forth she sends,
Lord, how sweet music that unto them lends.
Sometimes upon her forehead they behold
A thousand graces masking in delight;
Sometimes within her eyelids they unfold
Ten thousand sweet belgards, which to their sight
Do seem like twinkling stars in frosty night;
But on her lips, like rosy buds in May,
So many millions of chaste pleasures play.
All those, O Cytherea, and thousands more
Thy handmaids be, which do on thee attend,
To deck thy beauty with their dainties' store,
That may it more to mortal eyes commend,
And make it more admir'd of foe and friend:
That in men's hearts thou may'st thy throne install,
And spread thy lovely kingdom over all.
Then Iö, triumph! O great Beauty's Queen,
Advance the banner of thy conquest high,
That all this world, the which thy vassals bene,
May draw to thee, and with due fealty
Adore the power of thy great majesty,
Singing this hymn in honour of thy name,
Compil'd by me, which thy poor liegeman am.
In lieu whereof grant, O great sovereign,
That she whose conquering beauty doth captive
My trembling heart in her eternal chain,
One drop of grace at length will to me give,
That I her bounden thrall by her may live,
And this same life, which first fro me she reaved,
May owe to her, of whom I it received.
And you, fair Venus' darling, my dear dread,
Fresh flower of grace, great goddess of my life,
When your fair eyes these fearful lines shall read,
Deign to let fall one drop of due relief,
That may recure my heart's long pining grief,
And shew what wondrous power your beauty hath,
That can restore a damned wight from death.Rapt with the rage of mine own ravish'd thought,
Through contemplation of those goodly sights,
And glorious images in heaven wrought,
Whose wondrous beauty, breathing sweet delights
Do kindle love in high-conceited sprights;
I fain to tell the things that I behold,
But feel my wits to fail, and tongue to fold.
Vouchsafe then, O thou most Almighty Spright,
From whom all gifts of wit and knowledge flow,
To shed into my breast some sparkling light
Of thine eternal truth, that I may show
Some little beams to mortal eyes below
Of that immortal beauty, there with thee,
Which in my weak distraughted mind I see;
That with the glory of so goodly sight
The hearts of men, which fondly here admire
Fair seeming shews, and feed on vain delight,
Transported with celestial desire
Of those fair forms, may lift themselves up higher,
And learn to love, with zealous humble duty,
Th' eternal fountain of that heavenly beauty.
Beginning then below, with th' easy view
Of this base world, subject to fleshly eye,
From thence to mount aloft, by order due,
To contemplation of th' immortal sky;
Of the soare falcon so I learn to fly,
That flags awhile her fluttering wings beneath,
Till she herself for stronger flight can breathe.
Then look, who list thy gazeful eyes to feed
With sight of that is fair, look on the frame
Of this wide universe, and therein reed
The endless kinds of creatures which by name
Thou canst not count, much less their natures aim;
All which are made with wondrous wise respect,
And all with admirable beauty deckt.
First th' earth, on adamantine pillars founded,
Amid the sea engirt with brazen bands;
Then th' air still flitting, but yet firmly bounded
On every side, with piles of flaming brands,
Never consum'd, nor quench'd with mortal hands;
And last, that mighty shining crystal wall,
Wherewith he hath encompassed this All.
By view whereof it plainly may appear,
That still as every thing doth upward tend,
And further is from earth, so still more clear
And fair it grows, till to his perfect end
Of purest beauty it at last ascend;
Air more than water, fire much more than air,
And heaven than fire, appears more pure and fair.
Look thou no further, but affix thine eye
On that bright, shiny, round, still moving mass,
The house of blessed gods, which men call sky,
All sow'd with glist'ring stars more thick than grass,
Whereof each other doth in brightness pass,
But those two most, which ruling night and day,
As king and queen, the heavens' empire sway;
And tell me then, what hast thou ever seen
That to their beauty may compared be,
Or can the sight that is most sharp and keen
Endure their captain's flaming head to see?
How much less those, much higher in degree,
And so much fairer, and much more than these,
As these are fairer than the land and seas?
For far above these heavens, which here we see,
Be others far exceeding these in light,
Not bounded, not corrupt, as these same be,
But infinite in largeness and in height,
Unmoving, uncorrupt, and spotless bright,
That need no sun t' illuminate their spheres,
But their own native light far passing theirs.
And as these heavens still by degrees arise,
Until they come to their first Mover's bound,
That in his mighty compass doth comprise,
And carry all the rest with him around;
So those likewise do by degrees redound,
And rise more fair; till they at last arrive
To the most fair, whereto they all do strive.
Fair is the heaven where happy souls have place,
In full enjoyment of felicity,
Whence they do still behold the glorious face
Of the divine eternal Majesty;
More fair is that, where those Ideas on high
Enranged be, which Plato so admired,
And pure Intelligences from God inspired.
Yet fairer is that heaven, in which do reign
The sovereign Powers and mighty Potentates,
Which in their high protections do contain
All mortal princes and imperial states;
And fairer yet, whereas the royal Seats
And heavenly Dominations are set,
From whom all earthly governance is fet.
Yet far more fair be those bright Cherubins,
Which all with golden wings are overdight,
And those eternal burning Seraphins,
Which from their faces dart out fiery light;
Yet fairer than they both, and much more bright,
Be th' Angels and Archangels, which attend
On God's own person, without rest or end.
These thus in fair each other far excelling,
As to the highest they approach more near,
Yet is that highest far beyond all telling,
Fairer than all the rest which there appear,
Though all their beauties join'd together were;
How then can mortal tongue hope to express
The image of such endless perfectness?
Cease then, my tongue, and lend unto my mind
Leave to bethink how great that beauty is,
Whose utmost parts so beautiful I find;
How much more those essential parts of his,
His truth, his love, his wisdom, and his bliss,
His grace, his doom, his mercy, and his might,
By which he lends us of himself a sight.
Those unto all he daily doth display,
And shew himself in th' image of his grace,
As in a looking-glass, through which he may
Be seen of all his creatures vile and base,
That are unable else to see his face,
His glorious face which glistereth else so bright,
That th' Angels selves cannot endure his sight.
But we, frail wights, whose sight cannot sustain
The sun's bright beams when he on us doth shine,
But that their points rebutted back again
Are dull'd, how can we see with feeble eyne
The glory of that Majesty Divine,
In sight of whom both sun and moon are dark,
Compared to his least resplendent spark?
The means, therefore, which unto us is lent
Him to behold, is on his works to look,
Which he hath made in beauty excellent,
And in the same, as in a brazen book,
To read enregister'd in every nook
His goodness, which his beauty doth declare;
For all that's good is beautiful and fair.
Thence gathering plumes of perfect speculation,
To imp the wings of thy high-flying mind,
Mount up aloft through heavenly contemplation,
From this dark world, whose damps the soul so blind,
And, like the native brood of eagles' kind,
On that bright Sun of Glory fix thine eyes,
Clear'd from gross mists of frail infirmities.
Humbled with fear and awful reverence,
Before the footstool of his majesty
Throw thyself down, with trembling innocence,
Ne dare look up with corruptible eye
On the dread face of that great Deity,
For fear, lest if he chance to look on thee,
Thou turn to nought, and quite confounded be.
But lowly fall before his mercy seat,
Close covered with the Lamb's integrity
From the just wrath of his avengeful threat
That sits upon the righteous throne on high;
His throne is built upon eternity,
More firm and durable than steel or brass,
Or the hard diamond, which them both doth pass.
His sceptre is the rod of righteousness,
With which he bruiseth all his foes to dust,
And the great Dragon strongly doth repress,
Under the rigour of his judgement just;
His seat is truth, to which the faithful trust,
From whence proceed her beams so pure and bright
That all about him sheddeth glorious light:
Light far exceeding that bright blazing spark
Which darted is from Titan's flaming head,
That with his beams enlumineth the dark
And dampish air, whereby all things are read;
Whose nature yet so much is marvelled
Of mortal wits, that it doth much amaze
The greatest wizards which thereon do gaze.
But that immortal light, which there doth shine,
Is many thousand times more bright, more clear,
More excellent, more glorious, more divine,
Through which to God all mortal actions here,
And even the thoughts of men, do plain appear;
For from th' eternal truth it doth proceed,
Through heavenly virtue which her beams do breed.
With the great glory of that wondrous light
His throne is all encompassed around,
And hid in his own brightness from the sight
Of all that look thereon with eyes unsound;
And underneath his feet are to be found
Thunder and lightning and tempestuous fire,
The instruments of his avenging ire.
There in his bosom Sapience doth sit,
The sovereign darling of the Deity,
Clad like a queen in royal robes, most fit
For so great power and peerless majesty,
And all with gems and jewels gorgeously
Adorn'd, that brighter than the stars appear,
And make her native brightness seem more clear.
And on her head a crown of purest gold
Is set, in sign of highest sovereignty;
And in her hand a sceptre she doth hold,
With which she rules the house of God on high,
And manageth the ever-moving sky,
And in the same these lower creatures all
Subjected to her power imperial.
Both heaven and earth obey unto her will,
And all the creatures which they both contain;
For of her fullness which the world doth fill
They all partake, and do in state remain
As their great Maker did at first ordain,
Through observation of her high behest,
By which they first were made, and still increast.
The fairness of her face no tongue can tell;
For she the daughters of all women's race,
And angels eke, in beauty doth excel,
Sparkled on her from God's own glorious face,
And more increas'd by her own goodly grace,
That it doth far exceed all human thought,
Ne can on earth compared be to aught.
Ne could that painter (had he lived yet)
Which pictured Venus with so curious quill,
That all posterity admired it,
Have portray'd this, for all his mast'ring skill;
Ne she herself, had she remained still,
And were as fair as fabling wits do feign,
Could once come near this beauty sovereign.
But had those wits, the wonders of their days,
Or that sweet Teian poet, which did spend
His plenteous vein in setting forth her praise,
Seen but a glimpse of this which I pretend,
How wondrously would he her face commend,
Above that idol of his feigning thought,
That all the world should with his rhymes be fraught.
How then dare I, the novice of his art,
Presume to picture so divine a wight,
Or hope t' express her least perfection's part,
Whose beauty fills the heavens with her light,
And darks the earth with shadow of her sight?
Ah, gentle Muse, thou art too weak and faint
The portrait of so heavenly hue to paint.
Let angels, which her goodly face behold
And see at will, her sovereign praises sing,
And those most sacred mysteries unfold
Of that fair love of mighty heaven's King;
Enough is me t' admire so heavenly thing,
And being thus with her huge love possest,
In th' only wonder of herself to rest.
But whoso may, thrice happy man him hold,
Of all on earth whom God so much doth grace
And lets his own beloved to behold;
For in the view of her celestial face
All joy, all bliss, all happiness, have place;
Ne aught on earth can want unto the wight
Who of herself can win the wishful sight.
For she, out of her secret treasury,
Plenty of riches forth on him will pour,
Even heavenly riches, which there hidden lie
Within the closet of her chastest bower,
Th' eternal portion of her precious dower,
Which mighty God hath given to her free,
And to all those which thereof worthy be.
None thereof worthy be, but those whom she
Vouchsafeth to her presence to receive,
And letteth them her lovely face to see,
Whereof such wondrous pleasures they conceive,
And sweet contentment, that it doth bereave
Their soul of sense, through infinite delight,
And them transport from flesh into the spright.
In which they see such admirable things,
As carries them into an ecstasy,
And hear such heavenly notes, and carollings
Of God's high praise, that fills the brazen sky;
And feel such joy and pleasure inwardly,
That maketh them all worldly cares forget,
And only think on that before them set.
Ne from thenceforth doth any fleshly sense,
Or idle thought of earthly things, remain;
But all that erst seem'd sweet seems now offence,
And all that pleased erst now seems to pain;
Their joy, their comfort, their desire, their gain,
Is fixed all on that which now they see;
All other sights but feigned shadows be.
And that fair lamp, which useth to inflame
The hearts of men with self-consuming fire
Thenceforth seems foul, and full of sinful blame;
And all that pomp to which proud minds aspire
By name of honour, and so much desire,
Seems to them baseness, and all riches dross,
And all mirth sadness, and all lucre loss.
So full their eyes are of that glorious sight,
And senses fraught with such satiety,
That in nought else on earth they can delight,
But in th' aspect of that felicity,
Which they have written in their inward eye;
On which they feed, and in their fastened mind
All happy joy and full contentment find.
Ah, then, my hungry soul, which long hast fed
On idle fancies of thy foolish thought,
And, with false beauty's flatt'ring bait misled,
Hast after vain deceitful shadows sought,
Which all are fled, and now have left thee nought
But late repentance through thy follies prief;
Ah cease to gaze on matter of thy grief:
And look at last up to that sovereign light,
From whose pure beams all perfect beauty springs,
That kindleth love in every godly sprite,
Even the love of God, which loathing brings
Of this vile world and these gay-seeming things;
With whose sweet pleasures being so possest,
Thy straying thoughts henceforth for ever rest.These evil days require you to grit your teeth in misery to survive,
But you have to realize life is more
Than staying alive:
You have to create magical kindness in the heart,
Follow the skyscraper skyline
While in ecstasy pursuing art;
But still, I grow weary of cops kicking the homeless
Down heartless streets,
I’ll have to go out west and live in the sand,
Dance at dusk upon the beach,
Later, on midnight dunes I’ll sleep.
Living out your Divinity involves a philosophy of beauty
And refusing to hurt anyone.If this our little life is but a day
In the Eternal, - if the years in vain
Toil after hours that never come again, -
If everything that hath been must decay,
Why dreamest thou of joys that pass away,
My soul, that my sad body doth restrain?
Why of the moment’s pleasure art thou fain?
Nay, thou hast wings, - nay, seek another stay.
There is the joy whereto each soul aspires,
And there the rest that all the world desires,
And there is love, and peace, and gracious mirth;
And there in the most highest heavens shalt thou
Behold the Very Beauty, whereof now
Thou worshippest the shadow upon earth.A thing of beauty is a joy for ever:
Its lovliness increases; it will never
Pass into nothingness; but still will keep
A bower quiet for us, and a sleep
Full of sweet dreams, and health, and quiet breathing.
Therefore, on every morrow, are we wreathing
A flowery band to bind us to the earth,
Spite of despondence, of the inhuman dearth
Of noble natures, of the gloomy days,
Of all the unhealthy and o'er-darkn'd ways
Made for our searching: yes, in spite of all,
Some shape of beauty moves away the pall
From our dark spirits. Such the sun, the moon,
Trees old and young, sprouting a shady boon
For simple sheep; and such are daffodils
With the green world they live in; and clear rills
That for themselves a cooling covert make
'Gainst the hot season; the mid-forest brake,
Rich with a sprinkling of fair musk-rose blooms:
And such too is the grandeur of the dooms
We have imagined for the mighty dead;
An endless fountain of immortal drink,
Pouring unto us from the heaven's brink.The beauty of a ruin may be best
appreciated by a rank outsider,
observing it as uninvited guest,
without the context of a view that’s wider.
Behind the fallen walls there often lie
sad stories of inhabitants who perished
in homes that once abandoned now supply
the ruins travelers long have cherished.
The pleasure coming from the accidental
beauty, burgeoning till it decays,
appeals to anyone who’s sentimental
when seeing signs of others’ judgment days.For Ann London
As you described your mastectomy in calm detail
and bared your chest so I might see
the puckered scar,
"They took a hatchet to your breast!" I said. "What an
Amazon you are."
When we were girls we climbed Mt. Tamalpais
chewing bay leaves we had plucked
along the way;
we got high all right, from animal pleasure in each other,
shouting to the sky.
On your houseboat we tried to ignore the impossible guy
you had married to enrage your family,
a typical ploy.
We were great fools let loose in the No Name bar
on Sausalito's bay.
In San Francisco we'd perch on a waterfront pier
chewing sourdough and cheese, swilling champagne,
kicking our heels;
crooning lewd songs, hooting like seagulls,
we bayed with the seals.
Then you married someone in Mexico,
broke up in two weeks, didn't bother to divorce,
claimed it didn't count.
You dumped number three, fled to Albany
to become a pedant.
Averse to domesticity, you read for your Ph.D.
Your four-year-old looked like a miniature
John Lennon.
You fed him peanut butter from your jar and raised him
on Beowulf and Grendal.
Much later in New York we reunited;
in an elevator at Sak's a woman asked for
your autograph.
You glowed like a star, like Anouk Aimee
at forty, close enough.
Your pedantry found its place in the Women's Movement.
You rose fast, seen suddenly as the morning star;
wrote the ERA
found the right man at last, a sensitive artist;
flying too high
not to crash. When the cancer caught you
you went on talk shows to say you had no fear
or faith.
In Baltimore we joked on your bed as you turned into
a witty wraith.
When you died I cleaned out your bureau drawers:
your usual disorder; an assortment of gorgeous wigs
and prosthetic breasts
tossed in garbage bags, to spare your gentle spouse.
Then the bequests
you had made to every friend you had!
For each of us a necklace or a ring.
A snapshot for me:
We two, barefoot in chiffon, laughing amid blossoms
your last wedding day.The perfect American Beauty Rose,
is it diminished
by the slag heaps on Rt. 11, just west
of Scranton, or by the dark cloud
that seems to have settled an inch or so
beneath the surface of Lake Naomi,
or even the swell of soot that hangs
like a troubling thought over the town
on the other side of the river?
Is the rose there any less beautiful?
Or this woman here; right now
she is standing in the impatient way
women have, a hip thrust out,
a shoulder let low?  She is casual
this Sunday morning, in jeans
and a simple top, and she stands
at the top of the hill holding a cigarette
and a leash, waiting for her dog to return.
You'll have to take my word for this:
she is as lovely as any rose
you'll ever find on those long walks you take
into the mountains, and nothing about her
is diminished by the bombs that are falling
this very moment on Afghanistan, the lies
packed tight and neat into cartons
and stacked with the rest in basements,
warehouses and storage rentals
throughout Washington, the three point shot
dropping like a rock short of the basket
in the final seconds of an important moment
in someone's life.  In fact, it is just the opposite:
the grays around us fade—not reduced, no,
nor chased away—but lost to the flush
beauty of the red rose, of the women,
in a moment appreciated.
Anonymous submission.The sovereign beauty which I do admire,
Witness the world how worthy to be praised:
The light whereof hath kindled heavenly fire
In my frail spirit, by her from baseness raised;
That being now with her huge brightness dazed,
Base thing I can no more endure to view;
But looking still on her, I stand amazed
At wondrous sight of so celestial hue.
So when my tongue would speak her praises due,
It stopped is with thought's astonishment:
And when my pen would write her titles true,
It ravish'd is with fancy's wonderment:
Yet in my heart I then both speak and write
The wonder that my wit cannot endite.In vain, poor Nymph, to please our youthful sight
You sleep in cream and frontlets all the night,
Your face with patches soil, with paint repair,
Dress with gay gowns, and shade with foreign hair.
If truth in spight of manners must be told,
Why, really fifty-five is something old.
Once you were young; or one, whose life's so long
She might have born my mother, tells me wrong.
And once (since Envy's dead before you die,)
The women own, you play'd a sparkling eye,
Taught the light foot a modish little trip,
And pouted with the prettiest purple lip --
To some new charmer are the roses fled,
Which blew, to damask all thy cheek with red;
Youth calls the Graces there to fix their reign,
And airs by thousands fill their easy train.
So parting Summer bids her flow'ry prime
Attend the sun to dress some foreign clime,
While with'ring seasons in succession, here,
Strip the gay gardens, and deform the year.
But thou (since Nature bids) the world resign,
'Tis now thy daughter's daughter's time to shine.
With more address, (or such as pleases more)
She runs her female exercises o'er,
Unfurls or closes, raps or turns the Fan,
And smiles, or blushes at the creature Man.
With quicker life, as guilded coaches pass,
In sideling courtesy she drops the glass.
With better strength, on visit-days she bears
To mount her fifty flights of ample stairs.
Her mein, her shape, her temper, eyes and tongue
Are sure to conquer. -- for the rogue is young;
And all that's madly wild, or oddly gay,
We call it only pretty Fanny's way.
Let time that makes you homely, make you sage,
The sphere of wisdom is the sphere of age.
'Tis true, when beauty dawns with early fire,
And hears the flatt'ring tongues of soft desire,
If not from virtue, from its gravest ways
The soul with pleasing avocation strays.
But beauty gone, 'tis easier to be wise;
As harper better, by the loss of eyes.
Henceforth retire, reduce your roving airs,
Haunt less the plays, and more the publick pray'rs,
Reject the Mechlin Head, and gold brocade,
Go pray, in sober Norwich Crape array'd.
Thy pendent diamonds let thy Fanny take,
(Their trembling lustre shows how much you shake;)
Or bid her wear thy necklace row'd with pearl,
You'll find your Fanny an obedient girl.
So for the rest, with less incumbrance hung,
You walk thro' life, unmingled with the young;
And view the shade and substance as you pass
With joint endeavour trifling at the glass,
Or Folly drest, and rambling all her days,
To meet her counterpart, and grow by praise:
Yet still sedate your self, and gravely plain,
You neither fret, nor envy at the vain.
'Twas thus (if Man with Woman we compare)
The wise Athenian crost a glittering fair,
Unmov'd by tongues and sights, he walk'd the place,
Thro' tape, toys, tinsel, gimp, perfume, and lace;
Then bends from Mars's Hill his awful eyes,
And "What a world I never want?" he cries;
But cries unheard: For Folly will be free.
So parts the buzzing gaudy crowd, and he:
As careless he for them, as they for him;
He wrapt in wisdom, and they whirl'd by whim.AH whither, Love, wilt thou now carry me?
What wontless fury dost thou now inspire
Into my feeble breast, too full of thee?
Whilst seeking to aslake thy raging fire,
Thou in me kindlest much more great desire,
And up aloft above my strength dost raise
The wondrous matter of my fire to praise.
That as I erst in praise of thine own name,
So now in honour of thy mother dear,
An honourable hymn I eke should frame,
And with the brightness of her beauty clear,
The ravish'd hearts of gazeful men might rear
To admiration of that heavenly light,
From whence proceeds such soul-enchanting might.
Thereto do thou, great goddess, queen of beauty,
Mother of love, and of all world's delight,
Without whose sovereign grace and kindly duty
Nothing on earth seems fair to fleshly sight,
Do thou vouchsafe with thy love-kindling light
T' illuminate my dim and dulled eyne,
And beautify this sacred hymn of thine:
That both to thee, to whom I mean it most,
And eke to her, whose fair immortal beam
Hath darted fire into my feeble ghost,
That now it wasted is with woes extreme,
It may so please, that she at length will stream
Some dew of grace into my withered heart,
After long sorrow and consuming smart.
WHAT time this world's great Workmaster did cast
To make all things such as we now behold,
It seems that he before his eyes had plac'd
A goodly pattern, to whose perfect mould
He fashion'd them as comely as he could;
That now so fair and seemly they appear,
As nought may be amended anywhere.
That wondrous pattern, wheresoe'er it be,
Whether in earth laid up in secret store,
Or else in heaven, that no man may it see
With sinful eyes, for fear it to deflore,
Is perfect Beauty, which all men adore;
Whose face and feature doth so much excel
All mortal sense, that none the same may tell.
Thereof as every earthly thing partakes
Or more or less, by influence divine,
So it more fair accordingly it makes,
And the gross matter of this earthly mine,
Which clotheth it, thereafter doth refine,
Doing away the dross which dims the light
Of that fair beam which therein is empight.
For, through infusion of celestial power,
The duller earth it quick'neth with delight,
And lifeful spirits privily doth pour
Through all the parts, that to the looker's sight
They seem to please. That is thy sovereign might,
O Cyprian queen, which flowing from the beam
Of thy bright star, thou into them dost stream.
That is the thing which giveth pleasant grace
To all things fair, that kindleth lively fire,
Light of thy lamp, which, shining in the face,
Thence to the soul darts amorous desire,
And robs the hearts of those which it admire;
Therewith thou pointest thy son's poison'd arrow,
That wounds the life, and wastes the inmost marrow.
How vainly then do idle wits invent,
That beauty is nought else but mixture made
Of colours fair, and goodly temp'rament
Of pure complexions, that shall quickly fade
And pass away, like to a summer's shade;
Or that it is but comely composition
Of parts well measur'd, with meet disposition.
Hath white and red in it such wondrous power,
That it can pierce through th' eyes unto the heart,
And therein stir such rage and restless stour,
As nought but death can stint his dolour's smart?
Or can proportion of the outward part
Move such affection in the inward mind,
That it can rob both sense and reason blind?
Why do not then the blossoms of the field,
Which are array'd with much more orient hue,
And to the sense most dainty odours yield,
Work like impression in the looker's view?
Or why do not fair pictures like power shew,
In which oft-times we nature see of art
Excell'd, in perfect limning every part?
But ah, believe me, there is more than so,
That works such wonders in the minds of men;
I, that have often prov'd, too well it know,
And whoso list the like assays to ken,
Shall find by trial, and confess it then,
That beauty is not, as fond men misdeem,
An outward shew of things, that only seem.
For that same goodly hue of white and red,
With which the cheeks are sprinkled, shall decay,
And those sweet rosy leaves, so fairly spread
Upon the lips, shall fade and fall away
To that they were, even to corrupted clay;
That golden wire, those sparkling stars so bright,
Shall turn to dust; and lose their goodly light.
But that fair lamp, from whose celestial ray
That light proceeds, which kindleth lovers' fire,
Shall never be extinguish'd nor decay;
But when the vital spirits do expire,
Unto her native planet shall retire;
For it is heavenly born and cannot die,
Being a parcel of the purest sky.
For when the soul, the which derived was,
At first, out of that great immortal Spright,
By whom all live to love, whilom did pass
Down from the top of purest heaven's height
To be embodied here, it then took light
And lively spirits from that fairest star,
Which lights the world forth from his fiery car.
Which power retaining still or more or less,
When she in fleshly seed is eft enraced,
Through every part she doth the same impress,
According as the heavens have her graced,
And frames her house, in which she will be placed,
Fit for herself, adorning it with spoil
Of th' heavenly riches which she robb'd erewhile.
Thereof it comes that these fair souls, which have
The most resemblance of that heavenly light,
Frame to themselves most beautiful and brave
Their fleshly bower, most fit for their delight,
And the gross matter by a sovereign might
Tempers so trim, that it may well be seen
A palace fit for such a virgin queen.
So every spirit, as it is most pure,
And hath in it the more of heavenly light,
So it the fairer body doth procure
To habit in, and it more fairly dight
With cheerful grace and amiable sight.
For of the soul the body form doth take:
For soul is form, and doth the body make.
Therefore wherever that thou dost behold
A comely corpse, with beauty fair endued,
Know this for certain, that the same doth hold
A beauteous soul, with fair conditions thewed,
Fit to receive the seed of virtue strewed.
For all that fair is, is by nature good;
That is a sign to know the gentle blood.
Yet oft it falls that many a gentle mind
Dwells in deformed tabernacle drown'd,
Either by chance, against the course of kind,
Or through unaptness in the substance found,
Which it assumed of some stubborn ground,
That will not yield unto her form's direction,
But is deform'd with some foul imperfection.
And oft it falls, (ay me, the more to rue)
That goodly beauty, albe heavenly born,
Is foul abus'd, and that celestial hue,
Which doth the world with her delight adorn,
Made but the bait of sin, and sinners' scorn,
Whilst every one doth seek and sue to have it,
But every one doth seek but to deprave it.
Yet nathëmore is that fair beauty's blame,
But theirs that do abuse it unto ill:
Nothing so good, but that through guilty shame
May be corrupt, and wrested unto will:
Natheless the soul is fair and beauteous still,
However flesh{"e}s fault it filthy make;
For things immortal no corruption take.
But ye fair dames, the world's dear ornaments
And lively images of heaven's light,
Let not your beams with such disparagements
Be dimm'd, and your bright glory dark'ned quite;
But mindful still of your first country's sight,
Do still preserve your first informed grace,
Whose shadow yet shines in your beauteous face.
Loathe that foul blot, that hellish firebrand,
Disloyal lust, fair beauty's foulest blame,
That base affections, which your ears would bland,
Commend to you by love's abused name,
But is indeed the bondslave of defame;
Which will the garland of your glory mar,
And quench the light of your bright shining star.
But gentle Love, that loyal is and true,
Will more illumine your resplendent ray,
And add more brightness to your goodly hue,
From light of his pure fire; which, by like way
Kindled of yours, your likeness doth display;
Like as two mirrors, by oppos'd reflection,
Do both express the face's first impression.
Therefore, to make your beauty more appear,
It you behoves to love, and forth to lay
That heavenly riches which in you ye bear,
That men the more admire their fountain may;
For else what booteth that celestial ray,
If it in darkness be enshrined ever,
That it of loving eyes be viewed never?
But, in your choice of loves, this well advise,
That likest to yourselves ye them select,
The which your forms' first source may sympathize,
And with like beauty's parts be inly deckt;
For, if you loosely love without respect,
It is no love, but a discordant war,
Whose unlike parts amongst themselves do jar.
For love is a celestial harmony
Of likely hearts compos'd of stars' concent,
Which join together in sweet sympathy,
To work each other's joy and true content,
Which they have harbour'd since their first descent
Out of their heavenly bowers, where they did see
And know each other here belov'd to be.
Then wrong it were that any other twain
Should in love's gentle band combined be
But those whom Heaven did at first ordain,
And made out of one mould the more t' agree;
For all that like the beauty which they see,
Straight do not love; for love is not so light
As straight to burn at first beholder's sight.
But they, which love indeed, look otherwise,
With pure regard and spotless true intent,
Drawing out of the object of their eyes
A more refined form, which they present
Unto their mind, void of all blemishment;
Which it reducing to her first perfection,
Beholdeth free from flesh's frail infection.
And then conforming it unto the light,
Which in itself it hath remaining still,
Of that first Sun, yet sparkling in his sight,
Thereof he fashions in his higher skill
An heavenly beauty to his fancy's will;
And it embracing in his mind entire,
The mirror of his own thought doth admire.
Which seeing now so inly fair to be,
As outward it appeareth to the eye,
And with his spirit's proportion to agree,
He thereon fixeth all his fantasy,
And fully setteth his felicity;
Counting it fairer than it is indeed,
And yet indeed her fairness doth exceed.
For lovers' eyes more sharply sighted be
Than other men's, and in dear love's delight
See more than any other eyes can see,
Through mutual receipt of beam{"e}s bright,
Which carry privy message to the spright,
And to their eyes that inmost fair display,
As plain as light discovers dawning day.
Therein they see, through amorous eye-glances,
Armies of loves still flying to and fro,
Which dart at them their little fiery lances;
Whom having wounded, back again they go,
Carrying compassion to their lovely foe;
Who, seeing her fair eyes' so sharp effect,
Cures all their sorrows with one sweet aspect.
In which how many wonders do they rede
To their conceit, that others never see,
Now of her smiles, with which their souls they feed,
Like gods with nectar in their banquets free;
Now of her looks, which like to cordials be;
But when her words' embássade forth she sends,
Lord, how sweet music that unto them lends.
Sometimes upon her forehead they behold
A thousand graces masking in delight;
Sometimes within her eyelids they unfold
Ten thousand sweet belgards, which to their sight
Do seem like twinkling stars in frosty night;
But on her lips, like rosy buds in May,
So many millions of chaste pleasures play.
All those, O Cytherea, and thousands more
Thy handmaids be, which do on thee attend,
To deck thy beauty with their dainties' store,
That may it more to mortal eyes commend,
And make it more admir'd of foe and friend:
That in men's hearts thou may'st thy throne install,
And spread thy lovely kingdom over all.
Then Iö, triumph! O great Beauty's Queen,
Advance the banner of thy conquest high,
That all this world, the which thy vassals bene,
May draw to thee, and with due fealty
Adore the power of thy great majesty,
Singing this hymn in honour of thy name,
Compil'd by me, which thy poor liegeman am.
In lieu whereof grant, O great sovereign,
That she whose conquering beauty doth captive
My trembling heart in her eternal chain,
One drop of grace at length will to me give,
That I her bounden thrall by her may live,
And this same life, which first fro me she reaved,
May owe to her, of whom I it received.
And you, fair Venus' darling, my dear dread,
Fresh flower of grace, great goddess of my life,
When your fair eyes these fearful lines shall read,
Deign to let fall one drop of due relief,
That may recure my heart's long pining grief,
And shew what wondrous power your beauty hath,
That can restore a damned wight from death.Rapt with the rage of mine own ravish'd thought,
Through contemplation of those goodly sights,
And glorious images in heaven wrought,
Whose wondrous beauty, breathing sweet delights
Do kindle love in high-conceited sprights;
I fain to tell the things that I behold,
But feel my wits to fail, and tongue to fold.
Vouchsafe then, O thou most Almighty Spright,
From whom all gifts of wit and knowledge flow,
To shed into my breast some sparkling light
Of thine eternal truth, that I may show
Some little beams to mortal eyes below
Of that immortal beauty, there with thee,
Which in my weak distraughted mind I see;
That with the glory of so goodly sight
The hearts of men, which fondly here admire
Fair seeming shews, and feed on vain delight,
Transported with celestial desire
Of those fair forms, may lift themselves up higher,
And learn to love, with zealous humble duty,
Th' eternal fountain of that heavenly beauty.
Beginning then below, with th' easy view
Of this base world, subject to fleshly eye,
From thence to mount aloft, by order due,
To contemplation of th' immortal sky;
Of the soare falcon so I learn to fly,
That flags awhile her fluttering wings beneath,
Till she herself for stronger flight can breathe.
Then look, who list thy gazeful eyes to feed
With sight of that is fair, look on the frame
Of this wide universe, and therein reed
The endless kinds of creatures which by name
Thou canst not count, much less their natures aim;
All which are made with wondrous wise respect,
And all with admirable beauty deckt.
First th' earth, on adamantine pillars founded,
Amid the sea engirt with brazen bands;
Then th' air still flitting, but yet firmly bounded
On every side, with piles of flaming brands,
Never consum'd, nor quench'd with mortal hands;
And last, that mighty shining crystal wall,
Wherewith he hath encompassed this All.
By view whereof it plainly may appear,
That still as every thing doth upward tend,
And further is from earth, so still more clear
And fair it grows, till to his perfect end
Of purest beauty it at last ascend;
Air more than water, fire much more than air,
And heaven than fire, appears more pure and fair.
Look thou no further, but affix thine eye
On that bright, shiny, round, still moving mass,
The house of blessed gods, which men call sky,
All sow'd with glist'ring stars more thick than grass,
Whereof each other doth in brightness pass,
But those two most, which ruling night and day,
As king and queen, the heavens' empire sway;
And tell me then, what hast thou ever seen
That to their beauty may compared be,
Or can the sight that is most sharp and keen
Endure their captain's flaming head to see?
How much less those, much higher in degree,
And so much fairer, and much more than these,
As these are fairer than the land and seas?
For far above these heavens, which here we see,
Be others far exceeding these in light,
Not bounded, not corrupt, as these same be,
But infinite in largeness and in height,
Unmoving, uncorrupt, and spotless bright,
That need no sun t' illuminate their spheres,
But their own native light far passing theirs.
And as these heavens still by degrees arise,
Until they come to their first Mover's bound,
That in his mighty compass doth comprise,
And carry all the rest with him around;
So those likewise do by degrees redound,
And rise more fair; till they at last arrive
To the most fair, whereto they all do strive.
Fair is the heaven where happy souls have place,
In full enjoyment of felicity,
Whence they do still behold the glorious face
Of the divine eternal Majesty;
More fair is that, where those Ideas on high
Enranged be, which Plato so admired,
And pure Intelligences from God inspired.
Yet fairer is that heaven, in which do reign
The sovereign Powers and mighty Potentates,
Which in their high protections do contain
All mortal princes and imperial states;
And fairer yet, whereas the royal Seats
And heavenly Dominations are set,
From whom all earthly governance is fet.
Yet far more fair be those bright Cherubins,
Which all with golden wings are overdight,
And those eternal burning Seraphins,
Which from their faces dart out fiery light;
Yet fairer than they both, and much more bright,
Be th' Angels and Archangels, which attend
On God's own person, without rest or end.
These thus in fair each other far excelling,
As to the highest they approach more near,
Yet is that highest far beyond all telling,
Fairer than all the rest which there appear,
Though all their beauties join'd together were;
How then can mortal tongue hope to express
The image of such endless perfectness?
Cease then, my tongue, and lend unto my mind
Leave to bethink how great that beauty is,
Whose utmost parts so beautiful I find;
How much more those essential parts of his,
His truth, his love, his wisdom, and his bliss,
His grace, his doom, his mercy, and his might,
By which he lends us of himself a sight.
Those unto all he daily doth display,
And shew himself in th' image of his grace,
As in a looking-glass, through which he may
Be seen of all his creatures vile and base,
That are unable else to see his face,
His glorious face which glistereth else so bright,
That th' Angels selves cannot endure his sight.
But we, frail wights, whose sight cannot sustain
The sun's bright beams when he on us doth shine,
But that their points rebutted back again
Are dull'd, how can we see with feeble eyne
The glory of that Majesty Divine,
In sight of whom both sun and moon are dark,
Compared to his least resplendent spark?
The means, therefore, which unto us is lent
Him to behold, is on his works to look,
Which he hath made in beauty excellent,
And in the same, as in a brazen book,
To read enregister'd in every nook
His goodness, which his beauty doth declare;
For all that's good is beautiful and fair.
Thence gathering plumes of perfect speculation,
To imp the wings of thy high-flying mind,
Mount up aloft through heavenly contemplation,
From this dark world, whose damps the soul so blind,
And, like the native brood of eagles' kind,
On that bright Sun of Glory fix thine eyes,
Clear'd from gross mists of frail infirmities.
Humbled with fear and awful reverence,
Before the footstool of his majesty
Throw thyself down, with trembling innocence,
Ne dare look up with corruptible eye
On the dread face of that great Deity,
For fear, lest if he chance to look on thee,
Thou turn to nought, and quite confounded be.
But lowly fall before his mercy seat,
Close covered with the Lamb's integrity
From the just wrath of his avengeful threat
That sits upon the righteous throne on high;
His throne is built upon eternity,
More firm and durable than steel or brass,
Or the hard diamond, which them both doth pass.
His sceptre is the rod of righteousness,
With which he bruiseth all his foes to dust,
And the great Dragon strongly doth repress,
Under the rigour of his judgement just;
His seat is truth, to which the faithful trust,
From whence proceed her beams so pure and bright
That all about him sheddeth glorious light:
Light far exceeding that bright blazing spark
Which darted is from Titan's flaming head,
That with his beams enlumineth the dark
And dampish air, whereby all things are read;
Whose nature yet so much is marvelled
Of mortal wits, that it doth much amaze
The greatest wizards which thereon do gaze.
But that immortal light, which there doth shine,
Is many thousand times more bright, more clear,
More excellent, more glorious, more divine,
Through which to God all mortal actions here,
And even the thoughts of men, do plain appear;
For from th' eternal truth it doth proceed,
Through heavenly virtue which her beams do breed.
With the great glory of that wondrous light
His throne is all encompassed around,
And hid in his own brightness from the sight
Of all that look thereon with eyes unsound;
And underneath his feet are to be found
Thunder and lightning and tempestuous fire,
The instruments of his avenging ire.
There in his bosom Sapience doth sit,
The sovereign darling of the Deity,
Clad like a queen in royal robes, most fit
For so great power and peerless majesty,
And all with gems and jewels gorgeously
Adorn'd, that brighter than the stars appear,
And make her native brightness seem more clear.
And on her head a crown of purest gold
Is set, in sign of highest sovereignty;
And in her hand a sceptre she doth hold,
With which she rules the house of God on high,
And manageth the ever-moving sky,
And in the same these lower creatures all
Subjected to her power imperial.
Both heaven and earth obey unto her will,
And all the creatures which they both contain;
For of her fullness which the world doth fill
They all partake, and do in state remain
As their great Maker did at first ordain,
Through observation of her high behest,
By which they first were made, and still increast.
The fairness of her face no tongue can tell;
For she the daughters of all women's race,
And angels eke, in beauty doth excel,
Sparkled on her from God's own glorious face,
And more increas'd by her own goodly grace,
That it doth far exceed all human thought,
Ne can on earth compared be to aught.
Ne could that painter (had he lived yet)
Which pictured Venus with so curious quill,
That all posterity admired it,
Have portray'd this, for all his mast'ring skill;
Ne she herself, had she remained still,
And were as fair as fabling wits do feign,
Could once come near this beauty sovereign.
But had those wits, the wonders of their days,
Or that sweet Teian poet, which did spend
His plenteous vein in setting forth her praise,
Seen but a glimpse of this which I pretend,
How wondrously would he her face commend,
Above that idol of his feigning thought,
That all the world should with his rhymes be fraught.
How then dare I, the novice of his art,
Presume to picture so divine a wight,
Or hope t' express her least perfection's part,
Whose beauty fills the heavens with her light,
And darks the earth with shadow of her sight?
Ah, gentle Muse, thou art too weak and faint
The portrait of so heavenly hue to paint.
Let angels, which her goodly face behold
And see at will, her sovereign praises sing,
And those most sacred mysteries unfold
Of that fair love of mighty heaven's King;
Enough is me t' admire so heavenly thing,
And being thus with her huge love possest,
In th' only wonder of herself to rest.
But whoso may, thrice happy man him hold,
Of all on earth whom God so much doth grace
And lets his own beloved to behold;
For in the view of her celestial face
All joy, all bliss, all happiness, have place;
Ne aught on earth can want unto the wight
Who of herself can win the wishful sight.
For she, out of her secret treasury,
Plenty of riches forth on him will pour,
Even heavenly riches, which there hidden lie
Within the closet of her chastest bower,
Th' eternal portion of her precious dower,
Which mighty God hath given to her free,
And to all those which thereof worthy be.
None thereof worthy be, but those whom she
Vouchsafeth to her presence to receive,
And letteth them her lovely face to see,
Whereof such wondrous pleasures they conceive,
And sweet contentment, that it doth bereave
Their soul of sense, through infinite delight,
And them transport from flesh into the spright.
In which they see such admirable things,
As carries them into an ecstasy,
And hear such heavenly notes, and carollings
Of God's high praise, that fills the brazen sky;
And feel such joy and pleasure inwardly,
That maketh them all worldly cares forget,
And only think on that before them set.
Ne from thenceforth doth any fleshly sense,
Or idle thought of earthly things, remain;
But all that erst seem'd sweet seems now offence,
And all that pleased erst now seems to pain;
Their joy, their comfort, their desire, their gain,
Is fixed all on that which now they see;
All other sights but feigned shadows be.
And that fair lamp, which useth to inflame
The hearts of men with self-consuming fire
Thenceforth seems foul, and full of sinful blame;
And all that pomp to which proud minds aspire
By name of honour, and so much desire,
Seems to them baseness, and all riches dross,
And all mirth sadness, and all lucre loss.
So full their eyes are of that glorious sight,
And senses fraught with such satiety,
That in nought else on earth they can delight,
But in th' aspect of that felicity,
Which they have written in their inward eye;
On which they feed, and in their fastened mind
All happy joy and full contentment find.
Ah, then, my hungry soul, which long hast fed
On idle fancies of thy foolish thought,
And, with false beauty's flatt'ring bait misled,
Hast after vain deceitful shadows sought,
Which all are fled, and now have left thee nought
But late repentance through thy follies prief;
Ah cease to gaze on matter of thy grief:
And look at last up to that sovereign light,
From whose pure beams all perfect beauty springs,
That kindleth love in every godly sprite,
Even the love of God, which loathing brings
Of this vile world and these gay-seeming things;
With whose sweet pleasures being so possest,
Thy straying thoughts henceforth for ever rest.I was a 20 year old unemployed receptionist with dyed orange dreadlocks sprouting out of my skull. I needed a job, but first, I needed a haircut.
So I head for this beauty salon on Avenue B.
I'm gonna get a hairdo.
I'm gonna look just like those hot Spanish haircut models, become brown and bodacious, grow some 7 inch fingernails painted bitch red and rake them down the chalkboard of the job market's soul.
So I go in the beauty salon.
This beautiful Puerto Rican girl in tight white spandex and a push-up bra sits me down and starts chopping my hair:
"Girlfriend," she says, "what the hell you got growing outta your head there, what is that, hair implants? Yuck, you want me to touch that shit, whadya got in there, sandwiches?"
I just go: "I'm sorry."
She starts snipping my carefully cultivated Johnny Lydon post-Pistols hairdo. My foul little dreadlocks are flying around all over the place but I'm not looking in the mirror cause I just don't want to know.
"So what's your name anyway?" My stylist demands then.
"Uh, Maggie."
"Maggie? Well, that's an okay name, but my name is Suzy."
"Yeah, so?"
"Yeah so it ain't just Suzy S.U.Z.Y, I spell it S.U.Z.E.E, the extra "e" is for extra Suzee."
I nod emphatically.
Suzee tells me when she's not busy chopping hair, she works as an exotic dancer at night to support her boyfriend named Rocco. Suzee loves Rocco, she loves him so much she's got her eyes closed as she describes him:
"6 foot 2, 193 pounds and, girlfriend, his arms so big and long they wrap around me twice like I'm a little Suzee sandwich."
Little Suzee Sandwich is rapt, she blindly snips and clips at my poor punk head. She snips and clips and snips and clips, she pauses, I look in the mirror: "Holy shit, I'm bald."
"Holy shit, baby, you're bald." Suzee says, finally opening her eyes and then gasping.
All I've got left is little post-nuke clumps of orange fuzz. And I'll never get a receptionist job now.
But Suzy waves her manicured finger in my face: "Don't you worry, baby, I'm gonna get you a job at the dancing club."
"What?"
" ;Baby, let me tell you, the boys are gonna like a bald go go dancer."
That said, she whips out some clippers, shaves my head smooth and insists I'm gonna love getting naked for a living.
None of this sounds like my idea of a good time, but I'm broke and I'm bald so I go home and get my best panties. Suzee lends me some 6 inch pumps, paints my lips bright red, and gives me 7 shots of Jack Daniels to relax me.
8pm that night I take the stage.
I'm bald,
I'm drunk,
and by god,
I'm naked.
HOLY SHIT I'M NAKED IN A ROOM FULL OF STRANGERS THIS IS NOT ONE OF THOSE RECURRING NIGHTMARES WE ALL HAVE ABOUT BEING BUTT NAKED IN PUBLIC, I AM NAKED, I DON'T KNOW THESE PEOPLE, THIS REALLY SUCKS.
A few guys feel sorry for me and risk getting their hands bitten off by sticking dollars in my garter belt. My disheveled pubic hairs stand at full attention, ready to poke the guys' eyes out if they get too close.
Then I notice this bald guy in the audience, I've got a new empathy for bald people, I figure maybe it works both ways, maybe this guy will stick 10 bucks in my garter.
I saunter over.
I'm teetering around unrhythmically, I'm the surliest, unsexiest dancer that ever go-go across this hemisphere. The bald guy looks down into his beer, he'd much rather look at that than at my pubic mound which has now formed into one vicious spike so it looks like I've got a unicorn in my crotch.
I stand there weaving through the air.
The strobe light is illuminating my pubic unicorn. Madonna's song Borderline is pumping through the club's speaker system for the 5th time tonight: "BORDERLINE BORDERLINE BORDERLINE/LOVE ME TIL I JUST CAN'T SEE." And suddenly, I start to wonder: What does that mean anyway?
"LOVE ME TIL I JUST CAN'T SEE"
What?
Screw me so much my eyes pop out, I go blind, end up walking down 2nd Avenue crazy, horny, naked and blind? What?
There's a glitch in the tape and it starts to skip.
"Borderl...ooop.....Borderl.... ooop...Borderlin.....ooop"
I stumble and twist my ankle. My g-string rides between my buttcheeks making me twitch with pain. My head starts spinning, my knees wobble, I go down on all fours and puke all over the bald guy's lap.
So there I am. Butt naked on all fours. But before I have time to regain my composure, the strip club manager comes over, points his smarmy strip club manager finger at me and goes:
"You're bald, you're drunk, you can't dance and you're fired."
I stand up.
"Oh yeah, well you stink like a sneaker, pal." I peel off one of my pumps and throw it in the direction of his fat head then I get the hell out of there.
A few days later I run into Suzee on Avenue A. Turns out she got fired for getting me a job there in the first place. But she was completely undaunted, she dragged me up to this wig store on 14th Street, bought me a mouse brown shag wig, then got us both telemarketing jobs on Wall Street.
And I never went to a beauty salon again.Squire Adam had two wives, they say,
Two wives had he, for his delight,
He kissed and clypt them all the day
And clypt and kissed them all the night.
Now Eve like ocean foam was white
And Lilith roses dipped in wine,
But though they were a goodly sight
No lady is so fair as mine.
To Venus some folk tribute pay
And Queen of Beauty she is hight,
And Sainte Marie the world doth sway
In cerule napery bedight.
My wonderment these twain invite,
Their comeliness it is divine,
And yet I say in their despite,
No lady is so fair as mine.
Dame Helen caused a grievous fray,
For love of her brave men did fight,
The eyes of her made sages fey
And put their hearts in woeful plight.
To her no rhymes will I indite,
For her no garlands will I twine,
Though she be made of flowers and light
No lady is so fair as mine.
L'Envoi
Prince Eros, Lord of lovely might,
Who on Olympus dost recline,
Do I not tell the truth aright?
No lady is so fair as mine.When Beauty and Beauty meet
All naked, fair to fair,
The earth is crying-sweet,
And scattering-bright the air,
Eddying, dizzying, closing round,
With soft and drunken laughter;
Veiling all that may befall
After -- after --
Where Beauty and Beauty met,
Earth's still a-tremble there,
And winds are scented yet,
And memory-soft the air,
Bosoming, folding glints of light,
And shreds of shadowy laughter;
Not the tears that fill the years
After -- after --there is something about the ocean
that brings out the earth-mother in me
it is a place i love to go to write or
to ponder life's mysteries
being out in the ocean with
the waves spraying over me
feels something of a baptism
a cleansing of my soul's debris
the beach has a magnificent beauty
that never ceases to amaze me
and makes me feel one with the earth
in rhythmn and harmony
i realize as i look out to sea
how very small i really must be
in the overall scheme of things
i love the sea for it brings
out the spirituality in me
the feeling of being totally free
like seagulls overhead and
the sand underneath my feet
or the engulfing sun warming me
to get down to the nitty-gritty
the sea is a poet's paradise to meBeauty arise, show forth thy glorious shining,
Thine eyes feed love, for them he standeth pining ;
Honor and youth attend to do their duty
To thee, their only sovereign, Beauty.
Beauty arise, whilst we, thy servants, sing
Io to Hymen, wedlock's jocund king.
Io to Hymen, Io, Io, sing ;
Of wedlock, love, and youth is Hymen king.
Beauty arise, Beauty arise, thy glorious lights display,
Whilst we sing Io, glad to see this day.
Io, Io, to Hymen, Io, Io, sing ;
Of wedlock, love, and youth is Hymen king.BEAUTY clear and fair,
Where the air
Rather like a perfume dwells;
Where the violet and the rose
Their blue veins and blush disclose,
And come to honour nothing else:
Where to live near
And planted there
Is to live, and still live new;
Where to gain a favour is
More than light, perpetual bliss--
Make me live by serving you!
Dear, again back recall
To this light,
A stranger to himself and all!
Both the wonder and the story
Shall be yours, and eke the glory;
I am your servant, and your thrall.Beauty imposes reverence in the Spring,
Grave as the urge within the honeybuds,
It wounds us as we sing.
Beauty is joy that stays not overlong.
Clad in the magic of sincerities,
It rides up in a song.
Beauty imposes chastenings on the heart,
Grave as the birds in last solemnities
Assembling to depart.Theres a poem in every flower,
a sonnet in every tree,
a tale in every lifetime
its just for you to see...
theres a lyric in every brook
as it rushes over rocks,
theres  an ode in every nuance,
as loves wonder unlocks,
theres rhythm in every sound,
every beating of a heart,
theres poetry in every union
and every couple who are apart
and just as there is wonder
in every new life created
there is sadness and regret,
for the unsaid and unfeted
just listen for the music
that your ears cannot hear,
just strain yourself for the melody
thats so far and yet so near
the wonder of the creator,
the magic of the divine
is there to feel, for all of us,
to soon be yours and mineI am black
I am beautiful
inside and out
I am black
I am beautiful
my voice is medium toned, I try not to shout
I am black
I am beautiful
I don't let anyone put me down
I am black
I am beautiful
Though sometimes I may act as a clown
I am black
I am beautiful
I'm filled with such pride
I am black
I am beautiful
I'll make such a wonderful bride
Black and Beauty
that describes the outside of me
Nice or mean, you have to decide
To me and most people I am nice inside
I am beautiful, I am black
I am black, I am beautifulBeauty marks are meant for kissing...
This girl's are found in places pleasing:
On her neck, scented and lissome,
On rounded cheek with smile so teasing.
Another hides where seldom seen
By curious eyes in day or dark;
Yet when she dresses privately
That curve 'bove breast shows beauty's mark.
These sweet signs of Venus's blessing
Are meant for enlightened men of earth
Who ken that women crave much kissing
for their beauty and inner worth.516
Beauty—be not caused—It Is—
Chase it, and it ceases—
Chase it not, and it abides—
Overtake the Creases
In the Meadow—when the Wind
Runs his fingers thro' it—
Deity will see to it
That You never do it—The beauty of a Summer's day begins
Watching the bright, morning sun rise,
Dew upon the lawn and roses,
And the early flight of colorful butterflies.
The beauty of a Summer's day
Is an attractive and picturesque one,
A sky of a variable color of pale to light blue,
And sport and entertainment for everyone.
The beauty of a Summer's day
Is stetched with green foliage on the hill,
And colorful wildflowers bordering the roadway,
The water wheel turning at the grist mill.
The beauty of a Summer's day increases
Watching the rolling waves of the ocean,
Sea shells washing upon the sandy shore,
And gazing at the sea gulls gliding in slow motion.
The finality of a Summer's day
Is depicted with memorable scenes
Of picnicking, camping, swimming, and traveling,
Reserved for Summer enthusiasts for future dreams.I don’t desire to wear a sad face too long
When I know I live in a world of flowers and birds
And that the evening will usher in a sky of scattered stars,
When I know hopeful prayers and songs
Can find you wherever you are.
I’m going to peruse the Psalms and the Dhammapada,
Find encouraging light in the Bhagavad-Gita
Until my breath is one with gratitude
And forever connected to the beauty of life.Age is just a state of mind
And this we know for sure -
It isn't like some rare disease
For which there is no cure;
It creeps upon us silently
To catch us unaware
And while we worry about getting old
We're already getting there;
But there's a consolation
To this thing called getting old -
Our hair will turn to silver
And our teeth will turn to gold;
Age is just a state of mind
A case of brain and brawn -
Before we realize the body is shot
The mind will already be gone!WHAT does it mean? Tired, angry, and ill at ease,
No man, woman, or child alive could please
Me now. And yet I almost dare to laugh
Because I sit and frame an epitaph-
'Here lies all that no one loved of him
And that loved no one.' Then in a trice that whim
Has wearied. But, though I am like a river
At fall of evening when it seems that never
Has the sun lighted it or warmed it, while
Cross breezes cut the surface to a file,
This heart, some fraction of me, hapily
Floats through a window even now to a tree
Down in the misting, dim-lit, quiet vale;
Not like a pewit that returns to wail
For something it has lost, but like a dove
That slants unanswering to its home and love.
There I find my rest, and through the dusk air
Flies what yet lives in me. Beauty is thereBeauty is in the eyes of the beholder
Beauty is in all things.
Beauty is in the sky.
Beauty is in the water ever so blue.
Beauty is the winter when trees are covered with snow.
Beauty is the summer when you smell and see the flowers grow.
Beauty is all things big and little.
Beauty is in all things,
Black and white.
Beauty is in all things, you and me.
Beauty is all around us...can't you see?Say not of beauty she is good,
Or aught but beautiful,
Or sleek to doves' wings of the wood
Her wild wings of a gull.
Call her not wicked; that word's touch
Consumes her like a curse;
But love her not too much, too much,
For that is even worse.
O, she is neither good nor bad,
But innocent and wild!
Enshrine her and she dies, who had
The hard heart of a child.Even as on some black background full of night
And hollow storm in cloudy disarray,
The forceful brush of some great master may
More brilliantly evoke a higher light;
So beautiful, so delicately white,
So like a very metaphor of May,
Your loveliness on my life's sombre grey
In its perfection stands out doubly bright.
And yet your beauty breeds a strange despair,
And pang of yearning in the helpless heart;
To shield you from time's fraying wear and tear,
That from yourself yourself would wrench apart,
How save you, fairest, but to set you where
Mortality kills death in deathless art?Look in my eyes, what do you see,
Beauty of the inner me.
Deep down in your heart, what do you feel,
The beauty of a love that is real.
Touch my hand soft and tender
Is a beauty that makes you surrender.
Listen to my words, what do you hear,
Beauty flowing through the air
Look around you to your left and right
All you'll see is beauty tonight
Kiss my lips, what do you taste
A beauty that would never waste
Run your hands down my body
While looking into my eyes
Listen to my loving words
As my beauty conceals no liesMost people find beauty in looks,
But I find beauty from the written words in books.
I find beauty in the sun set and sun rise.
I find beauty in three small dog's eyes.
I find beauty in the motion of the sea.
The green fingers of mother nature are very beautiful to me.
I find beauty in my friends laughter.
I find beauty in stories that end happily ever after.Beauty comes within.
Not within the heart
But further, beauty within the soul.
If you look deep inside the soul
That beauty will be there.
It's a beautiful thing to see
If you're lucky enough to see it.
It's not on my face.
Not in the eyes.
Nor on the body.
The beauty is in my soul.
Always remember that.
I may not be pretty
nor skinny.
My beauty is below my heart, in my soul.
So if you take the time
And look depper
You'll see the beauty I see!The beautiful, the fair, the elegant,
Is that which pleases us, says Kant,
Without a thought of interest or advantage.
I used to watch men when they spoke of beauty
And measure their enthusiasm. One
An old man, seeing a ()  setting sun,
Praised it ()  a certain sense of duty
To the calm evening and his time of life.
I know another man that never says a Beauty
But of a horse; ()
Men seldom speak of beauty, beauty as such,
Not even lovers think about it much.
Women of course consider it for hours
In mirrors; ()
A shrapnel ball -
Just where the wet skin glistened when he swam -
Like a fully-opened sea-anemone.
We both said 'What a beauty! What a beauty, lad'
I knew that in that flower he saw a hope
Of living on, and seeing again the roses of his home.
Beauty is that which pleases and delights,
Not bringing personal advantage - Kant.
But later on I heard
A canker worked into that crimson flower
And that he sank with it
And laid it with the anemones off Dover.beauty is a gift of god
love and affection
beauty and warmth
pleasure and comfort
beauty is a desire
of lovely face and heart
beauty is a melodious tune
beauty is art
what is beauty
without love and affection
beauty is happiness
of a kind nature
such a beauty aishwarya rai has
impressive and bold eyes
if she can be beautiful
so can u be
be gud and have some fun
being beautiful is a kind of a duty
beauty is of love and affection
not any kind of rejectionYou say that you can picture me sitting in my chair.
What is it that you picture when you look from over there?
Do you envision beauty or an ugly, wrinkled hag?
Does my skin give off a glow or do my wrinkles sag?
It's strange to think you picture someone you've never seen.
I could be short and squatty or maybe tall and lean.
What is the face that's given to represent this poem?
Is it of a beauty queen or just a garden gnome?There was in her face,
in the contours of her
beauty lines
a past smoothing out
which I could see
would match
her older photographs.
The older her
only hinted at
that prior
state.
But I took my time
to look at her
now past 55
to see
in that older landscape
what my eye
sought
in her face at twenty and five..
Could not the face
before me
be seen
on its own terms?
Where is that beauty
line between
beauty and non-beauty?
Is it the tightness of the skin
the twinkle in the eye,
healthy look or
non-healthy look?
What's true is that
my own Western
eye
can only see age;
not nobility;
only TV screen beauty-
not maturity.
But you know
there are a myriad of exceptions;
children don't see age
the same way we do
nor does most of the world.
What is going on here?I
FAIR is my Love and cruel as she 's fair;
Her brow-shades frown, although her eyes are sunny.
Her smiles are lightning, though her pride despair,
And her disdains are gall, her favours honey:
A modest maid, deck'd with a blush of honour,
Whose feet do tread green paths of youth and love;
The wonder of all eyes that look upon her,
Sacred on earth, design'd a Saint above.
Chastity and Beauty, which were deadly foes,
Live reconciled friends within her brow;
And had she Pity to conjoin with those,
Then who had heard the plaints I utter now?
For had she not been fair, and thus unkind,
My Muse had slept, and none had known my mind.
II
My spotless love hovers with purest wings,
About the temple of the proudest frame,
Where blaze those lights, fairest of earthly things,
Which clear our clouded world with brightest flame.
My ambitious thoughts, confined in her face,
Affect no honour but what she can give;
My hopes do rest in limits of her grace;
I weigh no comfort unless she relieve.
For she, that can my heart imparadise,
Holds in her fairest hand what dearest is;
My Fortune's wheel 's the circle of her eyes,
Whose rolling grace deign once a turn of bliss.
All my life's sweet consists in her alone;
So much I love the most Unloving one.
III
And yet I cannot reprehend the flight
Or blame th' attempt presuming so to soar;
The mounting venture for a high delight
Did make the honour of the fall the more.
For who gets wealth, that puts not from the shore?
Danger hath honour, great designs their fame;
Glory doth follow, courage goes before;
And though th' event oft answers not the same--
Suffice that high attempts have never shame.
The mean observer, whom base safety keeps,
Lives without honour, dies without a name,
And in eternal darkness ever sleeps.--
And therefore, Delia, 'tis to me no blot
To have attempted, tho' attain'd thee not.
IV
When men shall find thy flow'r, thy glory, pass,
And thou with careful brow, sitting alone,
Received hast this message from thy glass,
That tells the truth and says that All is gone;
Fresh shalt thou see in me the wounds thou mad'st,
Though spent thy flame, in me the heat remaining:
I that have loved thee thus before thou fad'st--
My faith shall wax, when thou art in thy waning.
The world shall find this miracle in me,
That fire can burn when all the matter 's spent:
Then what my faith hath been thyself shalt see,
And that thou wast unkind thou may'st repent.--
Thou may'st repent that thou hast scorn'd my tears,
When Winter snows upon thy sable hairs.
V
Beauty, sweet Love, is like the morning dew,
Whose short refresh upon the tender green
Cheers for a time, but till the sun doth show,
And straight 'tis gone as it had never been.
Soon doth it fade that makes the fairest flourish,
Short is the glory of the blushing rose;
The hue which thou so carefully dost nourish,
Yet which at length thou must be forced to lose.
When thou, surcharged with burthen of thy years,
Shalt bend thy wrinkles homeward to the earth;
And that, in Beauty's Lease expired, appears
The Date of Age, the Calends of our Death--
But ah, no more!--this must not be foretold,
For women grieve to think they must be old.
VI
I must not grieve my Love, whose eyes would read
Lines of delight, whereon her youth might smile;
Flowers have time before they come to seed,
And she is young, and now must sport the while.
And sport, Sweet Maid, in season of these years,
And learn to gather flowers before they wither;
And where the sweetest blossom first appears,
Let Love and Youth conduct thy pleasures thither.
Lighten forth smiles to clear the clouded air,
And calm the tempest which my sighs do raise;
Pity and smiles do best become the fair;
Pity and smiles must only yield thee praise.
Make me to say when all my griefs are gone,
Happy the heart that sighed for such a one!
VII
Let others sing of Knights and Paladines
In aged accents and untimely words,
Paint shadows in imaginary lines,
Which well the reach of their high wit records:
But I must sing of thee, and those fair eyes
Authentic shall my verse in time to come;
When yet th' unborn shall say, Lo, where she lies!
Whose beauty made him speak, that else was dumb!
These are the arcs, the trophies I erect,
That fortify thy name against old age;
And these thy sacred virtues must protect
Against the Dark, and Time's consuming rage.
Though th' error of my youth in them appear,
Suffice, they show I lived, and loved thee dear.And a poet said, 'Speak to us of Beauty.'
Where shall you seek beauty, and how shall you find her unless she herself be your way and your guide?
And how shall you speak of her except she be the weaver of your speech?
The aggrieved and the injured say, 'Beauty is kind and gentle.
Like a young mother half-shy of her own glory she walks among us.'
And the passionate say, 'Nay, beauty is a thing of might and dread.
Like the tempest she shakes the earth beneath us and the sky above us.'
The tired and the weary say, 'beauty is of soft whisperings. She speaks in our spirit.
Her voice yields to our silences like a faint light that quivers in fear of the shadow.'
But the restless say, 'We have heard her shouting among the mountains,
And with her cries came the sound of hoofs, and the beating of wings and the roaring of lions.'
At night the watchmen of the city say, 'Beauty shall rise with the dawn from the east.'
And at noontide the toilers and the wayfarers say, 'we have seen her leaning over the earth from the windows of the sunset.'
In winter say the snow-bound, 'She shall come with the spring leaping upon the hills.'
And in the summer heat the reapers say, 'We have seen her dancing with the autumn leaves, and we saw a drift of snow in her hair.'
All these things have you said of beauty.
Yet in truth you spoke not of her but of needs unsatisfied,
And beauty is not a need but an ecstasy.
It is not a mouth thirsting nor an empty hand stretched forth,
But rather a heart enflamed and a soul enchanted.
It is not the image you would see nor the song you would hear,
But rather an image you see though you close your eyes and a song you hear though you shut your ears.
It is not the sap within the furrowed bark, nor a wing attached to a claw,
But rather a garden forever in bloom and a flock of angels for ever in flight.
People of Orphalese, beauty is life when life unveils her holy face.
But you are life and you are the veil.
Beauty is eternity gazing at itself in a mirror.
But you are eternity and you are the mirror.The beautiful, the fair, the elegant,
Is that which pleases us, says Kant,
Without a thought of interest or advantage.
I used to watch men when they spoke of beauty
And measure their enthusiasm. One
An old man, seeing a ( ) setting sun,
Praised it ( ) a certain sense of duty
To the calm evening and his time of life.
I know another man that never says a Beauty
But of a horse; ( )
Men seldom speak of beauty, beauty as such,
Not even lovers think about it much.
Women of course consider it for hours
In mirrors; ( )
A shrapnel ball -
Just where the wet skin glistened when he swam -
Like a fully-opened sea-anemone.
We both said 'What a beauty! What a beauty, lad'
I knew that in that flower he saw a hope
Of living on, and seeing again the roses of his home.
Beauty is that which pleases and delights,
Not bringing personal advantage - Kant.
But later on I heard
A canker worked into that crimson flower
And that he sank with it
And laid it with the anemones off Dover.One heavy day I ran away from the grim face of society and the dizzying clamor of the city and directed my weary step to the spacious alley. I pursued the beckoning course of the rivulet and the musical sounds of the birds until I reached a lonely spot where the flowing branches of the trees prevented the sun from the touching the earth.
I stood there, and it was entertaining to my soul - my thirsty soul who had seen naught but the mirage of life instead of its sweetness.
I was engrossed deeply in thought and my spirits were sailing the firmament when a hour, wearing a sprig of grapevine that covered part of her naked body, and a wreath of poppies about her golden hair, suddenly appeared to me. As she she realized my astonishment, she greeted me saying, 'Fear me not; I am the Nymph of the Jungle.'
'How can beauty like yours be committed to live in this place? Please tell me who your are, and whence you come? ' I asked. She sat gracefully on the green grass and responded, 'I am the symbol of nature! I am the ever virgin your forefathers worshipped, and to my honor they erected shrines and temples at Baalbek and Jbeil.' And I dared say, 'But those temples and shrines were laid waste and the bones of my adoring ancestors became a part of the earth; nothing was left to commemorate their goddess save a pitiful few and the forgotten pages in the book of history.'
She replied, 'Some goddesses live in the lives of their worshippers and die in their deaths, while some live an eternal and infinite life. My life is sustained by the world of beauty which you will see where ever you rest your eyes, and this beauty is nature itself; it is the beginning of the shepherds joy among the hills, and a villagers happiness in the fields, and the pleasure of the awe filled tribes between the mountains and the plains. This Beauty promotes the wise into the throne the truth.'
Then I said, 'Beauty is a terrible power! ' And she retorted, 'Human beings fear all things, even yourselves. You fear heaven, the source of spiritual peace; you fear nature, the haven of rest and tranquility; you fear the God of goodness and accuse him of anger, while he is full of love and mercy.'
After a deep silence, mingled with sweet dreams, I asked, 'Speak to me of that beauty which the people interpret and define, each one according to his own conception; I have seen her honored and worshipped in different ways and manners.'
She answered, 'Beauty is that which attracts your soul, and that which loves to give and not to receive. When you meet Beauty, you feel that the hands deep within your inner self are stretched forth to bring her into the domain of your heart. It is the magnificence combined of sorrow and joy; it is the Unseen which you see, and the Vague which you understand, and the Mute which you hear - it is the Holy of Holies that begins in yourself and ends vastly beyond your earthly imagination.'
Then the Nymph of the Jungle approached me and laid her scented hands upon my eyes. And as she withdrew, I found me alone in the valley. When I returned to the city, whose turbulence no longer vexed me, I repeated her words:
'Beauty is that which attracts your soul, and that which loves to give and not to receive.'Beauty is warm and cold
Beauty is black and bold
Beauty is different for us all I am told
Beauty I would love a chance to mould
Beauty gives the finest pleasure I am told
Beauty can be bought and sold
To the one and only highest bidder
While it graciously glitters like gold
I adore beauty
Oh! How I adore beauty with a passion
I adore beauty with every last breath
Beauty itself is not exempt
From the laws of birth and death
It experiences the joys of being young and old
Blossoming each day in early youth
Maturing adoringly each day with age
Behold, I adore beauty
Oh! How I adore beauty with a passion
Beauty is something I would like to hold
Where there is too much ugly
I can bring it out of a drawer and unfold
Spread it around the entire household
Without worrying about getting a scold
Behold, I adore beauty
Oh! How I adore beauty
When out on a nightie
Quite hungry and thirsty
And you drink the last drops of milk
From a beautiful chest that is busty
I would say, that itself is a faculty of beauty
Copyright 2006 - Sylvia ChidiConsider
a girl who keeps slipping off,
arms limp as old carrots,
into the hypnotist's trance,
into a spirit world
speaking with the gift of tongues.
She is stuck in the time machine,
suddenly two years old sucking her thumb,
as inward as a snail,
learning to talk again.
She's on a voyage.
She is swimming further and further back,
up like a salmon,
struggling into her mother's pocketbook.
Little doll child,
come here to Papa.
Sit on my knee.
I have kisses for the back of your neck.
A penny for your thoughts, Princess.
I will hunt them like an emerald.
Come be my snooky
and I will give you a root.
That kind of voyage,
rank as a honeysuckle.
Once
a king had a christening
for his daughter Briar Rose
and because he had only twelve gold plates
he asked only twelve fairies
to the grand event.
The thirteenth fairy,
her fingers as long and thing as straws,
her eyes burnt by cigarettes,
her uterus an empty teacup,
arrived with an evil gift.
She made this prophecy:
The princess shall prick herself
on a spinning wheel in her fifteenth year
and then fall down dead.
Kaputt!
The court fell silent.
The king looked like Munch's Scream
Fairies' prophecies,
in times like those,
held water.
However the twelfth fairy
had a certain kind of eraser
and thus she mitigated the curse
changing that death
into a hundred-year sleep.
The king ordered every spinning wheel
exterminated and exorcised.
Briar Rose grew to be a goddess
and each night the king
bit the hem of her gown
to keep her safe.
He fastened the moon up
with a safety pin
to give her perpetual light
He forced every male in the court
to scour his tongue with Bab-o
lest they poison the air she dwelt in.
Thus she dwelt in his odor.
Rank as honeysuckle.
On her fifteenth birthday
she pricked her finger
on a charred spinning wheel
and the clocks stopped.
Yes indeed. She went to sleep.
The king and queen went to sleep,
the courtiers, the flies on the wall.
The fire in the hearth grew still
and the roast meat stopped crackling.
The trees turned into metal
and the dog became china.
They all lay in a trance,
each a catatonic
stuck in a time machine.
Even the frogs were zombies.
Only a bunch of briar roses grew
forming a great wall of tacks
around the castle.
Many princes
tried to get through the brambles
for they had heard much of Briar Rose
but they had not scoured their tongues
so they were held by the thorns
and thus were crucified.
In due time
a hundred years passed
and a prince got through.
The briars parted as if for Moses
and the prince found the tableau intact.
He kissed Briar Rose
and she woke up crying:
Daddy! Daddy!
Presto! She's out of prison!
She married the prince
and all went well
except for the fear -
the fear of sleep.
Briar Rose
was an insomniac...
She could not nap
or lie in sleep
without the court chemist
mixing her some knock-out drops
and never in the prince's presence.
If if is to come, she said,
sleep must take me unawares
while I am laughing or dancing
so that I do not know that brutal place
where I lie down with cattle prods,
the hole in my cheek open.
Further, I must not dream
for when I do I see the table set
and a faltering crone at my place,
her eyes burnt by cigarettes
as she eats betrayal like a slice of meat.
I must not sleep
for while I'm asleep I'm ninety
and think I'm dying.
Death rattles in my throat
like a marble.
I wear tubes like earrings.
I lie as still as a bar of iron.
You can stick a needle
through my kneecap and I won't flinch.
I'm all shot up with Novocain.
This trance girl
is yours to do with.
You could lay her in a grave,
an awful package,
and shovel dirt on her face
and she'd never call back: Hello there!
But if you kissed her on the mouth
her eyes would spring open
and she'd call out: Daddy! Daddy!
Presto!
She's out of prison.
There was a theft.
That much I am told.
I was abandoned.
That much I know.
I was forced backward.
I was forced forward.
I was passed hand to hand
like a bowl of fruit.
Each night I am nailed into place
and forget who I am.
Daddy?
That's another kind of prison.
It's not the prince at all,
but my father
drunkeningly bends over my bed,
circling the abyss like a shark,
my father thick upon me
like some sleeping jellyfish.
What voyage is this, little girl?
This coming out of prison?
God help -
this life after death?Can beauty remain beauty without light?
No beauty survives without light in sight
To endure the pangs sharp of age in flight,
For fair with folly dead plunges at night.
When beauty blooms into beauty divine,
Showered with wisdom married to light to shine,
To border of no ending on the line,
Lifted is beauty's life onto cloud nine.
Life valued more in thought than gold man eyes,
Beats thrones, castles held in esteem that dies.
Vessels with covetousness, wrath, spite, lust, pride,
Greed, sloth do sink into oblivion wide.
Life is nature, who stores light in sublime.
Such beauty saved as truth lives on with time.The falling of snowflakes coming down
Making a blanket of white on the ground.
Autumn with red and gold-leaves,
Falling to the ground, in a cool breeze.
The rising of the sun of crimson,
A buzzing of the Bees,
As they go on their mission.
A cool-breese blowing in the trees.
The beautiful- flowers of red, yellow, and blue.
The sparkling of grass, with morning-dew.
The sea is beautiful, with Blue-sky above.
The flying of sea-gulls and of doves.
The birds singing up in the trees,
As a gentle-wind blows the green-leaves.
Beautiful-butterflies going their way.
The beauty of nature, really make my day!As if chiseled, a fruit-laden branch
Hangs in my garden, asleep - so low...
The trees sleep - and dream? - in moonlight;
And the mystery of their life is near, near...
Even if we cannot grasp it,
The mute language is still intelligible:
They use our beauty to express
How we are one amidst rays and spots of light.
And the tremor of any life's creation
Reveals itself in a lovely form;
And the variance of different things is sweetened
By shared beauty. Multiply it!
And the world will be like this unstirring garden,
Where everything heeds a harmonious silence:
Both stem and flower yield to the dear Earth;
Both flower and stem listen to the Moon.Drunken mystics
Reveal simple truths
Like the fragility
Of child-like hearts;
But if you shun
Broken, street poets
For a penthouse view
And the Arts and Entertainment section
Of the Wall Street Journal,
You will never perceive
The delicate beauty
Of humanity in decline.I went for a walk with my love
down to an old vacant lot she took me
littered, and broken up
it made me sad,
made me think of myself
I asked why she took me there
she silently smiled
and took my hand
led me to a place
The pavement was cracked
the ground heaped with garbage
old and new
near a makeshift shelter
that some one had left
She kissed my tears away
told me to smile
when I asked why
she told me to open my eyes
leaving me confused
she said to look at the beauty
surrounding us
then began to point
the doorway of the crude shack
was open, and the was a spiderweb
moist with the morning dew
small dropp formed at it ran down
and it was beautiful
A few feet away
there was a daffodil
growing, thriving
despite the battered tarmac
through which it found a way
standing tall and proud
as well it should
and it was beautiful
Just then we looked up
and what did we see
a blue jay landing atop the roof
and began singing it's song
The sun was rising
peaking over the horizon
painting it red, orange,
yellow, and even violet
the sky was it's canvas
and it was beautiful
She took me home
pointing at many other things
while we strolled home
when we got there
I thanked her
told her she was beautiful
she stood me in front a mirror
telling me to find the beauty
there we stood for many long minutes
I looked, I saw, I contemplated
the sorrow carved into my features
the gentle wonder in my eyes
the scars life has left upon me
and it was beautifulFor beauty I am not a star,
There are others more perfect by far,
But my face I don't mind it,
For I am behind it,
It is those in front that I jar.'Twas at that hour of beauty when the setting sun
squandereth his cloudy bed with rosy hues, to flood
his lov'd works as in turn he biddeth them Good-night;
and all the towers and temples and mansions of men
face him in bright farewell, ere they creep from their pomp
naked beneath the darkness;- while to mortal eyes
'tis given, ifso they close not of fatigue, nor strain
at lamplit tasks-'tis given, as for a royal boon
to beggarly outcasts in homeless vigil, to watch
where uncurtain's behind the great windows of space
Heav'n's jewel'd company circleth unapproachably-
'Twas at sunset that I, fleeing to hide my soul
in refuge of beauty from a mortal distress,
walk'd alone with the Muse in her garden of thought,
discoursing at liberty with the mazy dreams
that came wavering pertinaciously about me; as when
the small bats, issued from their hangings, flitter o'erhead
thru' the summer twilight, with thin cries to and fro
hunting in muffled flight atween the stars and flowers.
Then fell I in strange delusion, illusion strange to tell;
for as a man who lyeth fast asleep in his bed
may dream he waketh, and that he walketh upright
pursuing some endeavour in full conscience-so 'twas
with me; but contrawise; for being in truth awake
methought I slept and dreamt; and in thatt dream methought
I was telling a dream; nor telling was I as one
who, truly awaked from a true sleep, thinketh to tell
his dream to a friend, but for his scant remembrances
findeth no token of speech-it was not so with me;
for my tale was my dream and my dream the telling,
and I remember wondring the while I told it
how I told it so tellingly.  And yet now 'twould seem
that Reason inveighed me with her old orderings;
as once when she took thought to adjust theology,
peopling the inane that vex'd her between God and man
with a hierarchy of angels; like those asteroids
wherewith she later fill'd the gap 'twixt Jove and Mars.
Verily by Beauty it is that we come as WISDOM,
yet not by Reason at Beauty; and now with many words
pleasing myself betimes I am fearing lest in the end
I play the tedious orator who maundereth on
for lack of heart to make an end of his nothings.
Wherefor as when a runner who hath run his round
handeth his staff away, and is glad of his rest,
here break I off, knowing the goal was not for me
the while I ran on telling of what cannot be told.
For not the Muse herself can tell of Goddes love;
which cometh to the child from the Mother's embrace,
an Idea spacious as the starry firmament's
inescapable infinity of radiant gaze,
that fadeth only as it outpasseth mortal sight:
and this direct contact is 't with eternities,
this springtide miracle of the soul's nativity
that oft hath set philosophers adrift in dream;
which thing Christ taught, when he set up a little child
to teach his first Apostles and to accuse their pride,
saying, 'Unless ye shall receive it as a child,
ye cannot enter into the kingdom of heaven.'
So thru'out all his young mental apprenticehood
the child of very simplicity, and in the grace
and beauteous attitude of infantine wonder,
is apt to absorb Ideas in primal purity,
and by the assimilation of thatt immortal food
may build immortal life; but ever with the growth
of understanding, as the sensible images
are more and more corrupt, troubled by questioning thought,
or with vainglory alloy'd, 'tis like enought the boy
in prospect of his manhood wil hav cast to th' winds
his Baptism with his Babyhood; nor might he escape
the fall of Ev'ryman, did not a second call
of nature's Love await him to confirm his Faith
or to revoke him if he is whollylapsed therefrom.
And so mighty is this second vision, which cometh
in puberty of body and adolescence of mind
that, forgetting his Mother, he calleth it 'first Love';
for it mocketh at suasion or stubbornness of heart,
as the oceantide of the omnipotent Pleasur of God,
flushing all avenues of life, and unawares
by thousandfold approach forestalling its full flood
with divination of the secret contacts of Love,--
of faintest ecstasies aslumber in Nature's calm,
like thought in a closed book, where some poet long since
sang his throbbing passion to immortal sleep-with coy
tenderness delicat as the shifting hues
that sanctify the silent dawn with wonder-gleams,
whose evanescence is the seal of their glory,
consumed in self-becoming of eternity;
til every moment as it flyeth, cryeth 'Seize!
Seize me ere I die!  I am the Life of Life.'
'Tis thus by near approach to an eternal presence
man's heart with divine furor kindled and possess'd
falleth in blind surrender; and finding therewithal
in fullest devotion the full reconcilement
betwixt his animal and spiritual desires,
such welcome hour of bliss standeth for certain pledge
of happiness perdurable: and coud he sustain
this great enthusiasm, then the unbounded promise
would keep fulfilment; since the marriage of true minds
is thatt once fabled garden, amidst of which was set
the single Tree that bore such med'cinable fruit
that if man ate thereof he should liv for ever.
Friendship is in loving rather than in being lov'd,
which is its mutual benediction and recompense;
and tho' this be, and tho' love is from lovers learn'd,
it springeth none the less from the old essence of self.
No friendless man ('twas well said) can be truly himself;
what a man looketh for in his friend and findeth,
and loving self best, loveth better than himself,
is his own better self, his live lovable idea,
flowering by expansion in the loves of his life.
And in the nobility of our earthly friendships
we hav al grades of attainment, and the best may claim
perfection of kind; and so, since ther be many bonds
other than breed (friendships of lesser motiv, found
even in the brutes) and since our politick is based
on actual association of living men, 'twil come
that the spiritual idea of Friendship, the huge
vastidity of its essence, is fritter'd away
in observation of the usual habits of men;
as happ'd with the great moralist, where his book saith
that ther can be no friendship betwixt God and man
because of their unlimited disparity.
From this dilemma of pagan thought, this poison of faith,
Man-soul made glad escape in the worship of Christ;
for his humanity is God's Personality,
and communion with him is the life of the soul.
Of which living ideas (when in the struggle of thought
harden'd by language they became symbols of faith)
Reason builded her maze, wherefrom none should escape,
wandering intent to map and learn her tortuous clews,
chanting their clerkly creed to the high-echoing stones
of their hand-fashion'd temple: but the Wind of heav'n
bloweth where it listeth, and Christ yet walketh the earth,
and talketh still as with those two disciples once
on the road to Emmaus-where they walk and are sad;
whose vision of him then was his victory over death,
thatt resurrection which all his lovers should share,
who in loving him had learn'd the Ethick of happiness;
whereby they too should come where he was ascended
to reign over men's hearts in the Kingdom of God.
Our happiest earthly comradeships hold a foretaste
of the feast of salvation and by thatt virtue in them
provoke desire beyond them to out-reach and surmount
their humanity in some superhumanity
and ultimat perfection: which, howe'ever 'tis found
or strangeley imagin'd, answereth to the need of each
and pulleth him instinctivly as to a final cause.
Thus unto all who hav found their high ideal in Christ,
Christ is to them the essence discern'd or undeiscern'd
of all their human friendships; and each lover of him
and of his beauty must be as a bud on the Vine
and hav participation in him; for Goddes love
is unescapable as nature's environment,
which if a man ignore or think to thrust it off
he is the ill-natured fool that runneth blindly on death.
This Individualism is man's true Socialism.
This is the rife Idea whose spiritual beauty
multiplieth in communion to transcendant might.
This is thatt excelent way whereon if we wil walk
all things shall be added unto us-thatt Love which inspired
the wayward Visionary in his doctrinal ode
to the three christian Graces, the Church's first hymn
and only deathless athanasian creed,--the which
'except a man believe he cannot be saved.'
This is the endearing bond whereby Christ's company
yet holdeth together on the truth of his promise
that he spake of his grat pity and trust in man's love,
'Lo, I am with you always ev'n to the end of the world.'
Truly the Soul returneth the body's loving
where it hath won it...and God so loveth the world...
and in the fellowship of the friendship of Christ
God is seen as the very self-essence of love,
Creator and mover of all as activ Lover of all,
self-express'd in not-self, mind and body, mother and child,
'twixt lover and loved, God and man: but ONE ETERNAL
in the love of Beauty and in the selfhood of Love.Beauty like hers is genius. Not the call
Of Homer's or of Dante's heart sublime, --
Not Michael's hand furrowing the zones of time, --
Is more with compassed mysteries musical;
Nay, not in Spring's Summer's sweet footfall
More gathered gifts exuberant Life bequeaths
Than doth this sovereign face, whose love-spell breathes
Even from its shadowed contour on the wall.
As many men are poets in their youth,
But for one sweet-strung soul the wires prolong
Even through all change the indomitable song;
So in likewise the envenomed years, whose tooth
Rends shallower grace with ruin void of truth,
Upon this beauty's power shall wreak no wrong.God scatters beauty as he scatters flowers
O'er the wide earth, and tells us all are ours.
A hundred lights in every temple burn,
And at each shrine I bend my knee in turn.When my arms wrap you round I press
My heart upon the loveliness
That has long faded from the world;
The jewelled crowns that kings have hurled
In shadowy pools, when armies fled;
The love-tales wrought with silken thread
By dreaming ladies upon cloth
That has made fat the murderous moth;
The roses that of old time were
Woven by ladies in their hair,
The dew-cold lilies ladies bore
Through many a sacred corridor
Where such grey clouds of incense rose
That only God's eyes did not close:
For that pale breast and lingering hand
Come from a more dream-heavy land,
A more dream-heavy hour than this;
And when you sigh from kiss to kiss
I hear white Beauty sighing, too,
For hours when all must fade like dew.
But flame on flame, and deep on deep,
Throne over throne where in half sleep,
Their swords upon their iron knees,
Brood her high lonely mysteries.O CLOUD-PALE eyelids, dream-dimmed eyes,
The poets labouring all their days
To build a perfect beauty in rhyme
Are overthrown by a woman's gaze
And by the unlabouring brood of the skies:
And therefore my heart will bow, when dew
Is dropping sleep, until God burn time,
Before the unlabouring stars and you.The awful shadow of some unseen Power
Floats through unseen among us, -- visiting
This various world with as inconstant wing
As summer winds that creep from flower to flower, --
Like moonbeams that behind some piny mountain shower,
It visits with inconstant glance
Each human heart and countenance;
Like hues and harmonies of evening, --
Like clouds in starlight widely spread, --
Like memory of music fled, --
Like aught that for its grace may be
Dear, and yet dearer for its mystery.
Spirit of Beauty, that dost consecrate
With thine own hues all thou dost shine upon
Of human thought or form, -- where art thou gone?
Why dost thou pass away and leave our state,
This dim vast vale of tears, vacant and desolate?
Ask why the sunlight not for ever
Weaves rainbows o'er yon mountain-river,
Why aught should fail and fade that once is shown,
Why fear and dream and death and birth
Cast on the daylight of this earth
Such gloom, -- why man has such a scope
For love and hate, despondency and hope?
No voice from some sublimer world hath ever
To sage or poet these responses given --
Therefore the names of Demon, Ghost, and Heaven,
Remain the records of their vain endeavour,
Frail spells -- whose uttered charm might not avail to sever,
From all we hear and all we see,
Doubt, chance, and mutability.
Thy light alone -- like mist oe'er the mountains driven,
Or music by the night-wind sent
Through strings of some still instrument,
Or moonlight on a midnight stream,
Gives grace and truth to life's unquiet dream.
Love, Hope, and Self-esteem, like clouds depart
And come, for some uncertain moments lent.
Man were immortal, and omnipotent,
Didst thou, unknown and awful as thou art,
Keep with thy glorious train firm state within his heart.
Thou messgenger of sympathies,
That wax and wane in lovers' eyes --
Thou -- that to human thought art nourishment,
Like darkness to a dying flame!
Depart not as thy shadow came,
Depart not -- lest the grave should be,
Like life and fear, a dark reality.
While yet a boy I sought for ghosts, and sped
Through many a listening chamber, cave and ruin,
And starlight wood, with fearful steps pursuing
Hopes of high talk with the departed dead.
I called on poisonous names with which our youth is fed;
I was not heard -- I saw them not --
When musing deeply on the lot
Of life, at that sweet time when winds are wooing
All vital things that wake to bring
News of birds and blossoming, --
Sudden, thy shadow fell on me;
I shrieked, and clasped my hands in ecstasy!
I vowed that I would dedicate my powers
To thee and thine -- have I not kept the vow?
With beating heart and streaming eyes, even now
I call the phantoms of a thousand hours
Each from his voiceless grave: they have in visioned bowers
Of studious zeal or love's delight
Outwatched with me the envious night --
They know that never joy illumed my brow
Unlinked with hope that thou wouldst free
This world from its dark slavery,
That thou - O awful Loveliness,
Wouldst give whate'er these words cannot express.
The day becomes more solemn and serene
When noon is past -- there is a harmony
In autumn, and a lustre in its sky,
Which through the summer is not heard or seen,
As if it could not be, as if it had not been!
Thus let thy power, which like the truth
Of nature on my passive youth
Descended, to my onward life supply
Its calm -- to one who worships thee,
And every form containing thee,
Whom, Spirit fair, thy spells did bind
To fear himself, and love all human kind.I died for beauty but was scarce
Adjusted in the tomb,
When one who died for truth was lain
In an adjoining room.
He questioned softly why I failed?
'For beauty,' I replied.
'And I for truth,--the two are one;
We brethren are,' he said.
And so, as kinsmen met a night,
We talked between the rooms,
Until the moss had reached our lips,
And covered up our names.I died for beauty, but was scarce
Adjusted in the tomb,
When one who died for truth was lain
In an adjoining room.
He questioned softly why I failed?
"For beauty," I replied.
"And I for truth - the two are one;
We brethren are," he said.
And so, as kinsmen met a-night,
We talked between the rooms,
Until the moss had reached our lips,
And covered up our names.Looking over the fields towards the Sun,
Observing that the rain had just begun,
A freshness seemed to permeate the air,
And all that one could do was, stand and stare,
As something magical crept across the skies,
A vision that was reflected in my eyes.
A sight of infinite beauty, there to see,
One of the wonders given to us, for free.
Lovely colours blending, like a dream,
In subtle hues, an arched rainbow supreme.
©   Ernestine NorthoverKnow Celia, since thou art so proud,
'Twas I that gave thee thy renown;
Thou hadst, in the forgotten crowd
Of common beauties, liv'd unknown,
Had not my verse exhal'd thy name,
And with it imp'd the wings of fame.
That killing power is none of thine,
I gave it to thy voice, and eyes;
Thy sweets, thy graces, all are mine;
Thou art my star, shin'st in my skies;
Then dart not from thy borrow'd sphere
Lightning on him that fix'd thee there.
Tempt me with such affrights no more,
Lest what I made, I uncreate;
Let fools thy mystic forms adore,
I'll know thee in thy mortal state;
Wise poets that wrapp'd Truth in tales,
Knew her themselves, through all her veils.It is not Beauty I demand,
A crystal brow, the moon's despair,
Nor the snow's daughter, a white hand,
Nor mermaid's yellow pride of hair.
Tell me not of your starry eyes,
Your lips that seem on roses fed,
Your breasts where Cupid trembling lies,
Nor sleeps for kissing of his bed.
A bloomy pair of vermeil cheeks,
Like Hebe's in her ruddiest hours,
A breath that softer music speaks
Than summer winds a-wooing flowers.
These are but gauds; nay, what are lips?
Coral beneath the ocean-stream,
Whose brink when your adventurer sips
Full oft he perisheth on them.
And what are cheeks but ensigns oft
That wave hot youth to fields of blood?
Did Helen's breast though ne'er so soft,
Do Greece or Ilium any good?
Eyes can with baleful ardor burn,
Poison can breath that erst perfumed,
There's many a white hand holds an urn
With lovers' hearts to dust consumed.
For crystal brows--there's naught within,
They are but empty cells for pride;
He who the Syren's hair would win
Is mostly strangled in the tide.
Give me, instead of beauty's bust,
A tender heart, a loyal mind,
Which with temptation I could trust,
Yet never linked with error find.
One in whose gentle bosom I
Could pour my secret heart of woes.
Like the care-burdened honey-fly
That hides his murmurs in the rose.
My earthly comforter! whose love
So indefeasible might be,
That when my spirit won above
Hers could not stay for sympathy.There is a power whose inspiration fills
Nature's fair fabric, sun- and star-inwrought,
Like airy dew ere any drop distils,
Like perfume in the laden flower, like aught
Unseen which interfused throughout the whole
Becomes its quickening pulse and principle and soul.
Now when, the drift of old desire renewing,
Warm tides flow northward over valley and field,
When half-forgotten sound and scent are wooing
From their deep-chambered recesses long sealed
Such memories as breathe once more
Of childhood and the happy hues it wore,
Now, with a fervor that has never been
In years gone by, it stirs me to respond, --
Not as a force whose fountains are within
The faculties of the percipient mind,
Subject with them to darkness and decay,
But something absolute, something beyond,
Oft met like tender orbs that seem to peer
From pale horizons, luminous behind
Some fringe of tinted cloud at close of day;
And in this flood of the reviving year,
When to the loiterer by sylvan streams,
Deep in those cares that make Youth loveliest,
Nature in every common aspect seems
To comment on the burden in his breast --
The joys he covets and the dreams he dreams --
One then with all beneath the radiant skies
That laughs with him or sighs,
It courses through the lilac-scented air,
A blessing on the fields, a wonder everywhere.
Spirit of Beauty, whose sweet impulses,
Flung like the rose of dawn across the sea,
Alone can flush the exalted consciousness
With shafts of sensible divinity --
Light of the World, essential loveliness:
Him whom the Muse hath made thy votary
Not from her paths and gentle precepture
Shall vulgar ends engage, nor break the spell
That taught him first to feel thy secret charms
And o'er the earth, obedient to their lure,
Their sweet surprise and endless miracle,
To follow ever with insatiate arms.
On summer afternoons,
When from the blue horizon to the shore,
Casting faint silver pathways like the moon's
Across the Ocean's glassy, mottled floor,
Far clouds uprear their gleaming battlements
Drawn to the crest of some bleak eminence,
When autumn twilight fades on the sere hill
And autumn winds are still;
To watch the East for some emerging sign,
Wintry Capella or the Pleiades
Or that great huntsman with the golden gear;
Ravished in hours like these
Before thy universal shrine
To feel the invoked presence hovering near,
He stands enthusiastic. Star-lit hours
Spent on the roads of wandering solitude
Have set their sober impress on his brow,
And he, with harmonies of wind and wood
And torrent and the tread of mountain showers,
Has mingled many a dedicative vow
That holds him, till thy last delight be known,
Bound in thy service and in thine alone.
I, too, among the visionary throng
Who choose to follow where thy pathway leads,
Have sold my patrimony for a song,
And donned the simple, lowly pilgrim's weeds.
From that first image of beloved walls,
Deep-bowered in umbrage of ancestral trees,
Where earliest thy sweet enchantment falls,
Tingeing a child's fantastic reveries
With radiance so fair it seems to be
Of heavens just lost the lingering evidence
From that first dawn of roseate infancy,
So long beneath thy tender influence
My breast has thrilled. As oft for one brief second
The veil through which those infinite offers beckoned
Has seemed to tremble, letting through
Some swift intolerable view
Of vistas past the sense of mortal seeing,
So oft, as one whose stricken eyes might see
In ferny dells the rustic deity,
I stood, like him, possessed, and all my being,
Flooded an instant with unwonted light,
Quivered with cosmic passion; whether then
On woody pass or glistening mountain-height
I walked in fellowship with winds and clouds,
Whether in cities and the throngs of men,
A curious saunterer through friendly crowds,
Enamored of the glance in passing eyes,
Unuttered salutations, mute replies, --
In every character where light of thine
Has shed on earthly things the hue of things divine
I sought eternal Loveliness, and seeking,
If ever transport crossed my brow bespeaking
Such fire as a prophetic heart might feel
Where simple worship blends in fervent zeal,
It was the faith that only love of thee
Needed in human hearts for Earth to see
Surpassed the vision poets have held dear
Of joy diffused in most communion here;
That whomsoe'er thy visitations warmed,
Lover of thee in all thy rays informed,
Needed no difficulter discipline
To seek his right to happiness within
Than, sensible of Nature's loveliness,
To yield him to the generous impulses
By such a sentiment evoked. The thought,
Bright Spirit, whose illuminings I sought,
That thou unto thy worshipper might be
An all-sufficient law, abode with me,
Importing something more than unsubstantial dreams
To vigils by lone shores and walks by murmuring streams.
Youth's flowers like childhood's fade and are forgot.
Fame twines a tardy crown of yellowing leaves.
How swift were disillusion, were it not
That thou art steadfast where all else deceives!
Solace and Inspiration, Power divine
That by some mystic sympathy of thine,
When least it waits and most hath need of thee,
Can startle the dull spirit suddenly
With grandeur welled from unsuspected springs, --
Long as the light of fulgent evenings,
When from warm showers the pearly shades disband
And sunset opens o'er the humid land,
Shows thy veiled immanence in orient skies, --
Long as pale mist and opalescent dyes
Hung on far isle or vanishing mountain-crest,
Fields of remote enchantment can suggest
So sweet to wander in it matters nought,
They hold no place but in impassioned thought,
Long as one draught from a clear sky may be
A scented luxury;
Be thou my worship, thou my sole desire,
Thy paths my pilgrimage, my sense a lyre
Aeolian for thine every breath to stir;
Oft when her full-blown periods recur,
To see the birth of day's transparent moon
Far from cramped walls may fading afternoon
Find me expectant on some rising lawn;
Often depressed in dewy grass at dawn,
Me, from sweet slumber underneath green boughs,
Ere the stars flee may forest matins rouse,
Afoot when the great sun in amber floods
Pours horizontal through the steaming woods
And windless fumes from early chimneys start
And many a cock-crow cheers the traveller's heart
Eager for aught the coming day afford
In hills untopped and valleys unexplored.
Give me the white road into the world's ends,
Lover of roadside hazard, roadside friends,
Loiterer oft by upland farms to gaze
On ample prospects, lost in glimmering haze
At noon, or where down odorous dales twilit,
Filled with low thundering of the mountain stream,
Over the plain where blue seas border it
The torrid coast-towns gleam.
I have fared too far to turn back now; my breast
Burns with the lust for splendors unrevealed,
Stars of midsummer, clouds out of the west,
Pallid horizons, winds that valley and field
Laden with joy, be ye my refuge still!
What though distress and poverty assail!
Though other voices chide, yours never will.
The grace of a blue sky can never fail.
Powers that my childhood with a spell so sweet,
My youth with visions of such glory nursed,
Ye have beheld, nor ever seen my feet
On any venture set, but 'twas the thirst
For Beauty willed them, yea, whatever be
The faults I wanted wings to rise above;
I am cheered yet to think how steadfastly
I have been loyal to the love of Love!Beauty is the sensation of your heart skipping a beat,
when eyes full of mischief glance at you...
Beauty is the smile which appears on your lips, when you think of the way he smiles at you...
Beauty is in the heart which touches another
Beauty is tender hands holding each other
Beauty is strong arms holding you warm
Beauty is in water, beauty is in weather,
beauty is in air, beauty is in life
Beauty is in love, beauty is in wind...
Beauty surrounds you days and nights
yet no one knows beauty's heights...O beauty, passing beauty! Sweetest sweet!
How can thou let me waste my youth in sighs?
I only ask to sit beside thy feet.
Thou knowest I dare not look into thine eyes.
Might I but kiss thy hand! I dare not fold
My arms about thee--scarcely dare to speak.
And nothing seems to me so wild and bold,
As with one kiss to touch thy blessed cheek.
Methinks if I should kiss thee, no control
Within the thrilling brain could keep afloat
The subtle spirit. Even while I spoke,
The bare word "kiss" hath made my inner soul
To tremble like a lute string, ere the note
Hath melted in the silence that it broke.EXULTING BEAUTY,­phantom of an hour,
Whose magic spells enchain the heart,
Ah! what avails thy fascinating pow'r,
Thy thrilling smile, thy witching art?
Thy lip, where balmy nectar glows;
Thy cheek, where round the damask rose
A thousand nameless Graces move,
Thy mildly speaking azure eyes,
Thy golden hair, where cunning Love
In many a mazy ringlet lies?
Soon as thy radiant form is seen,
Thy native blush, thy timid mien,
Thy hour is past! thy charms are vain!
ILL-NATURE haunts thee with her sallow train,
Mean JEALOUSY deceives thy list'ning ear,
And SLANDER stains thy cheek with many a bitter tear.
In calm retirement form'd to dwell,
NATURE, thy handmaid fair and kind,
For thee, a beauteous garland twin'd;
The vale-nurs'd Lily's downcast bell
Thy modest mien display'd,
The snow-drop, April's meekest child,
With myrtle blossoms undefil'd,
Thy mild and spotless mind pourtray'd;
Dear blushing maid, of cottage birth,
'Twas thine, o'er dewy meads to stray,
While sparkling health, and frolic mirth
Led on thy laughing Day.
Lur'd by the babbling tongue of FAME,
Too soon, insidious FLATT'RY came;
Flush'd VANITY her footsteps led,
To charm thee from thy blest repose,
While Fashion twin'd about thy head
A wreath of wounding woes;
See Dissipation smoothly glide,
Cold Apathy, and puny Pride,
Capricious Fortune, dull, and blind,
O'er splendid Folly throws her veil,
While Envy's meagre tribe assail
Thy gentle form, and spotless mind.
Their spells prevail! no more those eyes
Shoot undulating fires;
On thy wan cheek, the young rose dies,
Thy lip's deep tint expires;
Dark Melancholy chills thy mind;
Thy silent tear reveals thy woe;
TIME strews with thorns thy mazy way,
Where'er thy giddy footsteps stray,
Thy thoughtless heart is doom'd to find
An unrelenting foe.
'Tis thus, the infant Forest flow'r
Bespangled o'er with glitt'ring dew,
At breezy morn's refreshing hour,
Glows with pure tints of varying hue,
Beneath an aged oak's wide spreading shade,
Where no rude winds, or beating storms invade.
Transplanted from its lonely bed,
No more it scatters perfumes round,
No more it rears its gentle head,
Or brightly paints the mossy ground;
For ah! the beauteous bud, too soon,
Scorch'd by the burning eye of day;
Shrinks from the sultry glare of noon,
Droops its enamell'd brow, and blushing, dies away.Who gave thee, O Beauty!
The keys of this breast,
Too credulous lover
Of blest and unblest?
Say when in lapsed ages
Thee knew I of old;
Or what was the service
For which I was sold?
When first my eyes saw thee,
I found me thy thrall,
By magical drawings,
Sweet tyrant of all!
I drank at thy fountain
False waters of thirst;
Thou intimate stranger,
Thou latest and first!
Thy dangerous glances
Make women of men;
New-born we are melting
Into nature again.
Lavish, lavish promiser,
Nigh persuading gods to err,
Guest of million painted forms
Which in turn thy glory warms,
The frailest leaf, the mossy bark,
The acorn's cup, the raindrop's arc,
The swinging spider's silver line,
The ruby of the drop of wine,
The shining pebble of the pond,
Thou inscribest with a bond
In thy momentary play
Would bankrupt Nature to repay.
Ah! what avails it
To hide or to shun
Whom the Infinite One
Hath granted his throne?
The heaven high over
Is the deep's lover,
The sun and sea
Informed by thee,
Before me run,
And draw me on,
Yet fly me still,
As Fate refuses
To me the heart Fate for me chooses,
Is it that my opulent soul
Was mingled from the generous whole,
Sea valleys and the deep of skies
Furnished several supplies,
And the sands whereof I'm made
Draw me to them self-betrayed?
I turn the proud portfolios
Which hold the grand designs
Of Salvator, of Guercino,
And Piranesi's lines.
I hear the lofty Pæans
Of the masters of the shell,
Who heard the starry music,
And recount the numbers well:
Olympian bards who sung
Divine Ideas below,
Which always find us young,
And always keep us so.
Oft in streets or humblest places
I detect far wandered graces,
Which from Eden wide astray
In lowly homes have lost their way.
Thee gliding through the sea of form,
Like the lightning through the storm,
Somewhat not to be possessed,
Somewhat not to be caressed,
No feet so fleet could ever find,
No perfect form could ever bind.
Thou eternal fugitive
Hovering over all that live,
Quick and skilful to inspire
Sweet extravagant desire,
Starry space and lily bell
Filling with thy roseate smell,
Wilt not give the lips to taste
Of the nectar which thou hast.
All that's good and great with thee
Stands in deep conspiracy.
Thou hast bribed the dark and lonely
To report thy features only,
And the cold and purple morning
Itself with thoughts of thee adorning,
The leafy dell, the city mart,
Equal trophies of thine art,
E'en the flowing azure air
Thou hast touched for my despair,
And if I languish into dreams,
Again I meet the ardent beams.
Queen of things! I dare not die
In Being's deeps past ear and eye,
Lest there I find the same deceiver,
And be the sport of Fate forever.
Dread power, but dear! if God thou be,
Unmake me quite, or give thyself to me.Is that the only way we can become like Indians, like Rhinoceri,
like Quartz Crystals, like organic farmers, like what we imagine
Adam & Eve to’ve been, caressing each other with trembling limbs
before the Snake of Revolutionary Sex wrapped itself round
The Tree of Knowledge? What would Roque Dalton joke about lately
teeth chattering like a machine gun as he dabated mass tactics
with his Companeros? Necessary to kill the Yanquis with big bomb
Yes but don’t do it by yourself, better consult your mother
to get the Correct Line of Thought, if not consult Rimbaud once he got his leg cut off
or Lenin after his second stroke sending a message thru Mrs Krupskaya
to the rude Georgian, & just before his deathly fit when the Cheka aides
outside
his door looked in coldly assuring him his affairs were in good hands no need to move - What sickness at the
pit of his stomach moved up to
his brain?
What thought Khlebnikov on the hungry train exposing his stomach to the
sun?
Or Mayakovsky before the bullet hit his brain, what sharp propaganda for
action
on the Bureaucratic Battlefield in the Ministry of Collective Agriculture in
Ukraine?
What Slogan for Futurist architects or epic hymn for masses of Communist
Party Card holders in Futurity
on the conduct of the world seeking beauty against Government?Glory be to God for dappled things --
For skies of couple-colour as a brinded cow;
For rose-moles all in stipple upon trout that swim;
Fresh-firecoal chestnut-falls; finches' wings;
Landscape plotted |&| pieced -- fold, fallow, |&| plough;
And {'a}ll trades, their gear |&| tackle |&| trim.
All things counter, original, sp{'a}re, strange;
Whatever is fickle, freckl{`e}d, (who knows how?)
With sw{'i}ft, sl{'o}w; sweet, s{'o}ur; ad{'a}zzle, d{'i}m;
He fathers-forth whose beauty is p{'a}st change:
Pr{'a}ise h{'i}m.Blest be the dawn, the luminous blue-slate,
the arch transfused by the glorious sun,
and blackbirds chanting hymnals in prickly bushes,
and rooks high over fields coughing up love.
Blest be the winds about the furrowed brow,
and the joyful whispers of dying leaves,
the maples staggered blissfully behind barbed fences
above the tombs of the newly redeemed.
Blest be pain that comes like a stark beggar,
the thorn-tree that has its roots in a star,
the sweet massacred gourds tethered to the rusting gate,
the apples heaped on the agonized floor.Some say beauty is only skin deep, and to some this may apply.
Outward appearance is not real beauty, I'll tell you the reason why.
For true beauty lies within the soul, and comes from the heart.
It comes not from what can be seen of us, but what we may impart.  True beauty is not how we may adorn ourselves, others to impress.
The true beauty of each of us, lies deep within our breast.
If we let Jesus Christ dwell in our heart, and evermore abound.
Peace, Love, and beauty that comes from the Lord, will everywhere be found.Your two great eyes will slay me suddenly;
Their beauty shakes me who was once serene;
Straight through my heart the wound is quick and keen.
Only your word will heal the injury
To my hurt heart, while yet the wound is clean -
Your two great eyes will slay me suddenly;
Their beauty shakes me who was once serene.
Upon my word, I tell you faithfully
Through life and after death you are my queen;
For with my death the whole truth shall be seen.
Your two great eyes will slay me suddenly;
Their beauty shakes me who was once serene;
Straight through my heart the wound is quick and keen.Cold winds can never freeze, nor thunder sour
The cup of cheer that Beauty draws for me
Out of those Azure heavens and this green earth --
I drink and drink, and thirst the more I see.
To see the dewdrops thrill the blades of grass,
Makes my whole body shake; for here's my choice
Of either sun or shade, and both are green --
A Chaffinch laughs in his melodious voice.
The banks are stormed by Speedwell, that blue flower
So like a little heaven with one star out;
I see an amber lake of buttercups,
And Hawthorn foams the hedges round about.
The old Oak tree looks now so green and young,
That even swallows perch awhile and sing:
This is that time of year, so sweet and warm,
When bats wait not for stars ere they take wing.
As long as I love Beauty I am young,
Am young or old as I love more or less;
When Beauty is not heeded or seems stale,
My life's a cheat, let Death end my distress.It's unlikely but true -
Your physical attraction
Entertains me
On so many levels.
Your voice as smooth as slate
But subtle - soft and subtle -
And untarnished by locality
Draws my soul.
You utter practical nothings
Statistical representations
Cardboard cut-out numbers
Meaningless drivel;
I want to hear you speak
Of more important things -
Of life and loves and instincts
But am denied.
©2005 Jon LloydShe lay safe in my arms
her eyes closed  in sleep,
I gazed  at her beautiful features
to me they are certainly unique.
Her lovely long eye lashes,
her complexion  like a rose,
and that irresistible cute shaped nose.
I bent over to kiss her soft velvet like skin,
the aroma that exuded from her body made
me feel really good within.
I am  a lucky guy to have such a
beauty  lying by my side.
I drifted of to sleep feeling a certain amount of pride.
I was awakened in the night by an almighty yell,
it was my beauty crying like hell.
I jumped up startled, and looked around
And found her dummy lying on the ground.I'LL gaze no more on her bewitching face,
Since ruin harbours there in every place ;
For my enchanted soul alike she drowns
With calms and tempests of her smiles and frowns.
I’ll love no more those cruel eyes of hers,
Which, pleased or anger’d, still are murderers :
For if she dart, like lightning, through the air
Her beams of wrath, she kills me with despair :
If she behold me with a pleasing eye,
I surfeit with excess of joy, and die.O, how much more doth beauty beauteous seem
By that sweet ornament which truth doth give!
The rose looks fair, but fairer we it deem
For that sweet odour which doth in it live.
The canker blooms have full as deep a dye
As the perfumèd tincture of the roses,
Hang on such thorns, and play as wantonly
When summer's breath their maskèd buds discloses;
But, for their virtue only is their show,
They live unwooed and unrespected fade,
Die to themselves. Sweet roses do not so;
Of their sweet deaths are sweetest odours made.
And so of you, beauteous and lovely youth,
When that shall vade, by verse distills your truth.The flesh gets beauty, when draped by its skin;
The soul loses beauty, when filled by sin;
The beauty of things is seen when revealed;
The beauty of unseen things is concealed.
Woman! Thy beauty is in concealment;
Nature, thy beauty is the Firmament;
O Man! Thy beauty is by revealing;
Heart, Thy beauty is in deep feeling.
The Grace of God is the dress of the soul!
The Stars, Sun and Moon- the dress of the ‘bowl’! ’
Just as how skin protects the body’s flesh,
Good deeds make a soul beautiful and fresh.
Doing good in life is most important;
Avoiding harm is more significant.
3-1-2000Bright star of beauty, on whose eyelids sit
A thousand nymph-like and enamour'd Graces,
The Goddesses of Memory and Wit,
Which there in order take their several places;
In whose dear bosom sweet delicious Love
Lays down his quiver, which he once did bear,
Since he that blessed Paradise did prove,
And leaves his mother's lap to sport him there.
Let others strive to entertain with words;
My soul is of a braver metal made;
I hold that vile which vulgar wit affords;
In me's that faith which Time cannot invade.
Let what I praise be still made good by you;
Be you most worthy, whilst I am most true.Beauty, sweet love, is like the morning dew
Whose short refresh upon the tender green
Cheers for a time but till the Sun doth show,
And straight 'tis gone as it had never been.
Soon doth it fade that makes the fairest flourish;
Short is the glory of the blushing Rose,
The hue which thou so carefully dost nourish
Yet which at length thou must be forc'd to lose.
When thou surcharg'd with burden of thy years
Shalt bend thy wrinkles homeward to the earth,
When Time hath made a passport for thy fears,
Dated in age the Kalends of our death--
But, ah, no more: this hath been often told,
And women grieve to think they must be old.Snowdrop of dogs, with ear of brownest dye,
Like the last orphan leaf of naked tree
Which shudders in black autumn; though by thee,
Of hearing careless and untutored eye,
Not understood articulate speech of men
Nor marked the artificial mind of books,
-The mortal's voice eternized by the pen,-
Yet hast thou thought and language all unknown
To Babel's scholars; oft intensest looks,
Long scrutiny over some dark-veined stone
Dost thou bestow, learning dead mysteries
Of the world's birth-day, oft in eager tone
With quick-tailed fellows bandiest prompt replies,
Solicitudes canine, four-footed amities.If Beauty thus be clouded with a frown,
That pity shines no comfort to my bliss,
And vapors of disdain so overfrown,
That my life's light thus wholy darken'd is,
Why should I more molest the world with cries,
The air with sighs, the earth below with tears?
Since I live hateful to those ruthless eyes,
Vexing with untun'd moan her dainty ears;
If I have lov'd her dearer than my breath,
My breath that calls the heav'ns to witness it,
And still must hold her dear till after death;
And if that all this cannot move a whit,
Yet let her say that she hath done me wrong,
To use me thus and know I lov'd so long.Under the arch of Life, where love and death,
Terror and mystery, guard her shrine, I saw
Beauty enthroned; and though her gaze struck awe,
I drew it in as simply as my breath.
Hers are the eyes which, over and beneath,
The sky and sea bend on thee,—which can draw,
By sea or sky or woman, to one law,
The allotted bondman of her palm and wreath.
This is that Lady Beauty, in whose praise
Thy voice and hand shake still,—long known to thee
By flying hair and fluttering hem,—the beat
Following her daily of thy heart and feet,
How passionately and irretrievably,
In what fond flight, how many ways and days!It's early autumn
The Fort Worth International Airport
Waiting with her every beauty
In a cowboy country, where
The vast lone star state stands
Around there, somewhere you smiling,
My beloved!
The beauty hidden in a beautyPart One - The Calling
Let me sleep, for my soul is intoxicated with love and
Let me rest, for my spirit has had its bounty of days and nights;
Light the candles and burn the incense around my bed, and
Scatter leaves of jasmine and roses over my body;
Embalm my hair with frankincense and sprinkle my feet with perfume,
And read what the hand of Death has written on my forehead.
Let me rest in the arms of Slumber, for my open eyes are tired;
Let the silver-stringed lyre quiver and soothe my spirit;
Weave from the harp and lute a veil around my withering heart.
Sing of the past as you behold the dawn of hope in my eyes, for
It's magic meaning is a soft bed upon which my heart rests.
Dry your tears, my friends, and raise your heads as the flowers
Raise their crowns to greet the dawn.
Look at the bride of Death standing like a column of light
Between my bed and the infinite;
Hold your breath and listen with me to the beckoning rustle of
Her white wings.
Come close and bid me farewell; touch my eyes with smiling lips.
Let the children grasp my hands with soft and rosy fingers;
Let the ages place their veined hands upon my head and bless me;
Let the virgins come close and see the shadow of God in my eyes,
And hear the echo of His will racing with my breath.
Part Two - The Ascending
I have passed a mountain peak and my soul is soaring in the
Firmament of complete and unbound freedom;
I am far, far away, my companions, and the clouds are
Hiding the hills from my eyes.
The valleys are becoming flooded with an ocean of silence, and the
Hands of oblivion are engulfing the roads and the houses;
The prairies and fields are disappearing behind a white specter
That looks like the spring cloud, yellow as the candlelight
And red as the twilight.
The songs of the waves and the hymns of the streams
Are scattered, and the voices of the throngs reduced to silence;
And I can hear naught but the music of Eternity
In exact harmony with the spirit's desires.
I am cloaked in full whiteness;
I am in comfort; I am in peace.
Part Three - The Remains
Unwrap me from this white linen shroud and clothe me
With leaves of jasmine and lilies;
Take my body from the ivory casket and let it rest
Upon pillows of orange blossoms.
Lament me not, but sing songs of youth and joy;
Shed not tears upon me, but sing of harvest and the winepress;
Utter no sigh of agony, but draw upon my face with your
Finger the symbol of Love and Joy.
Disturb not the air's tranquility with chanting and requiems,
But let your hearts sing with me the song of Eternal Life;
Mourn me not with apparel of black,
But dress in color and rejoice with me;
Talk not of my departure with sighs in your hearts; close
Your eyes and you will see me with you forevermore.
Place me upon clusters of leaves and
Carry my upon your friendly shoulders and
Walk slowly to the deserted forest.
Take me not to the crowded burying ground lest my slumber
Be disrupted by the rattling of bones and skulls.
Carry me to the cypress woods and dig my grave where violets
And poppies grow not in the other's shadow;
Let my grave be deep so that the flood will not
Carry my bones to the open valley;
Let my grace be wide, so that the twilight shadows
Will come and sit by me.
Take from me all earthly raiment and place me deep in my
Mother Earth; and place me with care upon my mother's breast.
Cover me with soft earth, and let each handful be mixed
With seeds of jasmine, lilies and myrtle; and when they
Grow above me, and thrive on my body's element they will
Breathe the fragrance of my heart into space;
And reveal even to the sun the secret of my peace;
And sail with the breeze and comfort the wayfarer.
Leave me then, friends - leave me and depart on mute feet,
As the silence walks in the deserted valley;
Leave me to God and disperse yourselves slowly, as the almond
And apple blossoms disperse under the vibration of Nisan's breeze.
Go back to the joy of your dwellings and you will find there
That which Death cannot remove from you and me.
Leave with place, for what you see here is far away in meaning
From the earthly world. Leave me.I am the beauty
The beauty in the summer *the heat*
We ignore it
.
I am the beauty
The beauty in the winter *frozen cold*
We ignore it
.
I am the beauty
The beauty in the fall *dying life*
We ignore it
.
I am the beauty
The beauty in the spring *birth of nature*
We ignore it
.
I am earth
I bare all seasons
And you ignore me988
The Definition of Beauty is
That Definition is none—
Of Heaven, easing Analysis,
Since Heaven and He are one.Beauty no other thing is, than a beam
Flash'd out between the middle and extreme.Krishna passed that mountain many times;
and yet his followers observed that day
that all his mind was filled with fresh delight
as if he'd never walked, nor seen, that way;
the beauty of the mountain ever new,
the moment of its sight, the world reborn;
the mind surprised by what it always knew:
the beauty past all beauty's name and form.
This is true beauty, in ourself revealed:
a sight that's ever fresh, yet ever known;
which eye sees pure, yet mind too oft conceals:
God's unity, in beauty seen; all, One;
The moment's grace of beauty, ours all day;
from outward eye the sight of inward Way.Brittle beauty, that nature made so frail,
Whereof the gift is small, and short the season;
Flow'ring today, tomorrow apt to fail,
Tickle treasure, abhorrèd of reason;
Dangerous to deal with, vain, of none avail,
Costly in keeping, past not worth two peason;
Slipper in sliding, as is an eelës tail,
Hard to obtain, once gotten, not geason;
Jewel of jeopardy that peril doth assail,
False and untrue, enticèd oft to treason,
Enemy to youth; that most may I bewail.
Ah, bitter sweet, infecting as the poison,
Thou farest as fruit that with the frost is taken,
Today ready ripe, tomorrow all to-shaken.Don’t go downward
Into dark sunless thoughts;
Don’t remove tenderness
From your plans
Or from your heart;
Don’t be afraid
Of being fragile and child-like
As you wind your way
Through minefields and snares
Along prickly emotional paths
Of the social landscape.
It is impossible to escape
Loneliness and heartbreak,
But you have to celebrate
The immense, poignant beauty
Of your fears, flaws, and mistakes;
You have to relish every avenue
Your human life does take.I BADE, because the wick and oil are spent
And frozen are the channels of the blood,
My discontented heart to draw content
From beauty that is cast out of a mould
In bronze, or that in dazzling marble appears,
Appears, but when wc have gone is gone again,
Being more indifferent to our solitude
Than 'twere an apparition.  O heart, we are old;
The living beauty is for younger men:
We cannot pay its rribute of wild tears.There was intoxication in the air;
The wind, keen blowing from across the seas,
O'er leagues of new-ploughed land and heathery leas,
Smelt of wild gorse whose gold flamed everywhere.
And undertone of song pulsed far and near,
The soaring larks filled heaven with ecstasies,
And, like a living clock among the trees,
The shouting cuckoo struck the time of year.
For now the Sun had found the earth once more,
And woke the Sleeping Beauty with a kiss;
Who thrilled with light of love in every pore,
Opened her flower-blue eyes, and looked in his.
Then all things felt life fluttering at their core--
The world shook mystical in lambent bliss.WHEN from my cheek I lift my veil,
The roses turn with envy pale,
And from their pierced hearts, rich with pain,
Send forth their fragrance like a wail.
Or if perchance one perfumed tress
Be lowered to the wind's caress,
The honeyed hyacinths complain,
And languish in a sweet distress.
And, when I pause, still groves among,
(Such loveliness is mine) a throng
Of nightingales awake and strain
Their souls into a quivering song.HE that loves a rosy cheek,
Or a coral lip admires,
Or from star-like eyes doth seek
Fuel to maintain his fires:
As old Time makes these decay,
So his flames must waste away.
But a smooth and steadfast mind,
Gentle thoughts and calm desires,
Hearts with equal love combined,
Kindle never-dying fires.
Where these are not, I despise
Lovely cheeks or lips or eyes.DEAR fellow-artist, why so free
With every sort of company,
With every Jack and Jill?
Choose your companions from the best;
Who draws a bucket with the rest
Soon topples down the hill.
You may, that mirror for a school,
Be passionate, not bountiful
As common beauties may,
Who were not born to keep in trim
With old Ezekiel's cherubim
But those of Beauvarlet.
I know what wages beauty gives,
How hard a life her setvant lives,
Yet praise the winters gone:
There is not a fool can call me friend,
And I may dine at journey's end
With Landor and with Donne.To what serves mortal beauty ' —dangerous; does set danc-
ing blood—the O-seal-that-so ' feature, flung prouder form
Than Purcell tune lets tread to? ' See: it does this: keeps warm
Men’s wits to the things that are; ' what good means—where a glance
Master more may than gaze, ' gaze out of countenance.
Those lovely lads once, wet-fresh ' windfalls of war’s storm,
How then should Gregory, a father, ' have gleanèd else from swarm-
ed Rome? But God to a nation ' dealt that day’s dear chance.
To man, that needs would worship ' block or barren stone,
Our law says: Love what are ' love’s worthiest, were all known;
World’s loveliest—men’s selves. Self ' flashes off frame and face.
What do then? how meet beauty? ' Merely meet it; own,
Home at heart, heaven’s sweet gift; ' then leave, let that alone.
Yea, wish that though, wish all, ' God’s better beauty, grace.May I find a woman fair,
And her mind as clear as air,
If her beauty go alone,
'Tis to me as if't were none.
May I find a woman rich,
And not of too high a pitch;
If that pride should cause disdain,
Tell me, lover, where's thy gain?
May I find a woman wise,
And her falseliood not disguise;
Hath she wit as she hath will,
Double arm'd she is to ill.
May I find a woman kind,
And not wavering like the wind:
How should I call that love mine,
When 'tis his, and his, and thine?
May I find a woman true,
There is Bettutv's fairest hue,
There is Beauty, Love, and Wit:
Happy he can compass it.The bleak of winter leaves me among despair
Thier is only anger and chill in the air
No happiness or laughing
Just grey clouds and bleak white sky
Dont let it all take hold of you for it has a strange beauty within.
A cold beauty
Like a beautiful woman with an empty soul.
In the winter I walk the slushy streets alone
I see the children play
Making angels and happy as if it were May
They seem to love the cold
But oh how this changes when you get old
Winter is still beautiful
In that strange cold way
Everytime it comes around thou
I feel I'm going to fadeYour beauty makes my heart skip a beat...
from the anticipation of when we meet,
Your beauty knows no height,
Your beauty is my delight,
Your beauty is in your eyes...
under the southern skies,
Your beauty is in the smile on your lips,
Your beauty is in the curve of your hips,
Your beauty should be in my arms...
until the morning sun warmsI bought a dishmop--
having no daughter--
for they had twisted
fine ribbons of shining copper
about white twine
and made a tousled head
of it, fastened it
upon a turned ash stick
slender at the neck
straight, tall--
when tied upright
on the brass wallbracket
to be a light for me
and naked
as a girl should seem
to her father.Everyone needs a reason to believe.
To believe in God,
their family and friends,
their wife and their life.
Without having a reason,
life could never carry on,
but having a reason to believe
means anything you want,
you can go out and achieve.
(7 October 2007)If you believe in God
God must have made us all
Out of whatever God is
Unless God borrowed something small
From some other God, perhaps a friend of his
Or, he may have had a brother or a sister or two
Though this is unlikely and probably not true
Because it would mean, that he was in that case
Just one of  two or three Gods out there in space
Raising the question of who was there first
Where did the others come from?
Perhaps near Chislelhurst?
And then one could ask, where did the others go?
But that's a very difficult question to answer, you know
Which means in the end  you surely must perceive
If you believe in one God
He is in you and me
For whatever God is
You is a part
(Actually, ... I think, ....he lives in your heart)If you believe in what you do
you will succeed in it
come today or tomorrow.
Success is always something
everyone else seems to have,
but if you believe in yourself
then you will succeed.
Whether it be money or friends
or whatever you want.
To succeed you must first believe.
31 January 2008Believe half of what you read in magazines and newspapers for journalists and reporters tend to exaggerate
And don't believe one word that a politician utters for out of lies success they can create
And some people of course are so very gullible and they tend to believe all they hear and read
They do not seem to see through the power hungry who by their ambiguity mislead.
Believe all you read and hear in the media and you won't have opinions of your own
For to bend the truth one might say more than slightly the newsbreakers have become quite well known
The ruling Government give them false information and the truth a thing the legislators fear
And the lies they broadcast are followed by more lies and they only tell us what we wish to hear.
Believe half of what you read in the newspapers that's how it is and it's always been that way
And one lie always leads on to another that's what wise people have been known to say
And many people only want to hear what suits them of which the media magnates seem aware
And falsehoods can keep Governments in office and falsehoods can create a billionaireBelieve in Angels
even if their wings are black
believe in the Devil
even if over his horns
you see a burning halo
Believe in Love that’s blind
and equally blind Hatred
Believe in words sneered by time
believe in Fear
Believe with your eyes and longing palms
pictures filled with colours and magical
Silence
Believe in touch, in music and in voice,
And in Quietness
Believe in thousands of everyday matters
One day just believe
In meDo not kill dreams you believe in,
Embrace it
Even if some just have gone
Let moments of joy to fill you all
And relish it
Caress your mind by beauty and smile
And live by this every day
Do not murder hope
For something special which will come
Soon
Just believe and smile
And wait a while
And you will have itYou can dance
Like a drunk
In the summer night,
Laugh with strangers
In the moonlight,
Gaze at girls
That walk in the red light,
Say prayers at hillside shrines
To Shinto Deities
That your parents
Never knew.
Everything is a combination
Of misery and poetry.
You have to swim
In a lake of suffering
To reach the shore
Of self-knowledge
About the reason
You’re living for.
I’m living to sing
A tender song at dawn
That will break God’s heart:
I want to make him
Linger here in tears
Until he helps us along
This sad journey
That we’re traveling upon.
I believe in Divinity
And I need for Divinity
To believe in humanity.Believe in me, believe in a Poet Seer!
Belief as assertion be and as assertion
Power has.
Believe in me, or at least in my heart!
My heart be large and wants to embrace
All!
And yet independence to all
Individual Sovereign Wills
Leave.What have I done this time,
to deserve your wrath?
What infraction have I violated,
causing this kink in our path?
Where did I go wrong,
I really have to know.
Please tell me what I did,
don't just get up and go.
Don't shut me out again,
don't close every door.
Don't use silence as a weapon,
to justify settling a score.
Please talk to me, I'll listen,
to every word you have to say.
I'm your lover and your friend,
so please don't treat me this way.
Please tell me with words,
what has made you retreat,
into the darkness of solitude,
feeling defeated and beat.
It can't be what you think,
that would mean I had purpose.
Dig deeper for your answers,
don't just scratch on the surface.
Give me the benefit of your doubt,
and choose to trust and believe.
It takes far less energy to love,
than it does to practice to deceive.
2004The sun will shine on you again,
Your spirit will be lifted from within,
Beyond dark clouds, thunder and rain,
You'll rise up with new strength
To bounce back again.
For you are a somebody
On God's treasured shelf.
Some roads may be rough,
Some hours may be lonely,
Some moments may be painful,
Some tears may be silent,
Some tasks may be heavy,
Some days may be long,
But don't go without a day.
To give your heart a happy song.
Go ahead...believe in yourself.Believe me, if all those endearing young charms,
Which I gaze on so fondly to-day,
Were to change by to-morrow, and fleet in my arms,
Live fairy-gifts fading away,
Thou wouldst still be adored, as this moment thou art,
Let thy loveliness fade as it will,
And around the dear ruin each wish of my heart
Would entwine itself verdantly still.
It is not while beauty and youth are thine own,
And thy cheeks unprofaned by a tear,
That the fervor and faith of a soul may be known,
To which time will but make thee more dear!
No, the heart that has truly loved never forgets,
But as truly loves on to the close,
As the sunflower turns on her god when he sets
The same look which she turned when he rose!I've fallen in love very deeply with someone
i guess it just didn't show
'cause he told me he doesn't believe my love
but believe me, it's hard to let go...
I've prayed for him each night before sleeping
but i've never let him know
i'm trying very hard to get over him
but believe me, it's hard to let go...
I've shared my joys, i've shared my sorrows
and best friends we have been though
with each passing day my pain has increased
but believe me, it's hard to let go...
I've even thought of saying goodbye
though out of it he made me grow
and with time going by, i'm dependant i feel
but believe me, it's hard to let go...
I've now got control of my life
still the tears in my eyes continue to flow
i don't know how to live my life wiothout him
but believe me, it's hard to let go...do you believe that,
you became every thing in my life..
do you believe that,
i care about you and missed you every moment..
do you believe that,
i need and want to be near to you every night..
do you believe that,
i love every one who is like you in face and a voice and a smile...
do you believe that,
i suffer so much in your leaving and never to take a breathe well...
do you believe that,
i afraid from my eyes to show up me that i love you...
do you believe that,
i become jealous from any air goes around your neck...
do you believe that,
i loved you and never loved one as you..
believe me that,
i love you...Believe Me - God gave us the wisdom to know
Believe Me - His wisdom is far greater than gold
Believe Me - Our Creator knew us before we were born
Believe Me - By grace we are linked to divinity
Believe Me - His divine beings are there for you and me Believe Me - There is one Creator in the universe
Believe Me - He is Father of the human race
Believe Me - When the world proclaims and honors his name
Believe Me - The world will be rich with compassion and fame Believe Me - When our relationship with God is A-1
Believe Me - God told us I take care of my own
Believe Me - I know that I know that I know
Believe Me - Believe me - Believe meI don't believe in love
I don't believe in fairy tales
I believe in heartbreak
I believe in sad endings
I don't believe in happy endings
I don't believe in dreams
I believe in pain
I believe dreams are for sleepingJust as the river
flows to the sea
All things will come easy
if they are meant to be
All you have to do is just believe
it does not matter what anyone say
No one's going to rain
on your parade
Some may believe that life has to be hard
but, their belief you can disregard
you don't have to swim up stream
that is how you kill a dream
All you have to do is let it flow
Just believe and let it go
Your dreams child will grow
Just believe in what you knowThere is more to life,
everything isn't rife
with pain and suffering, we have a purpose, believe
Its already been Christmas eve,
believe... in something greater!
Believe in the Lord God our Creator
why some ask?
to me its still a simple task
and i have my reason, this joy, new life, and purpose all
the fact that with him i do not fall
Believe for your own sake!
He gives generously, the Lord giveth and taketh away
but I have a speical joy! that no man nor creature may ever take
this joy does not simply last for a day
The Lord has blessed me with his joy, one that i cannot explain
one that no other man could copy or feign
a joy that people search their whole lives for....
trying any human activity, any pleasure anything to find looking i became sore
but now God has graciously given it to me asking almost nothing in return
He just asked me to believe, now i ask you,
that you might believe too
If you read any of my poems you'll see i WAS a suicidal kid
i wanted to take my life and i hid from
it, now i do not want to take my life i love being alive
i beg all of you believe it does not mattter of my good works or a chide
or rebuke of a brother Christianity is not rules!
Faith, Love, and Joy, that is what it is, and a Lord who chases away ghouls
and problems and helps me defeat sin, thats what my faith is!
my life is His
and Because of that pledge i go from suicidal to a feeling i cannot explain
even if i try its so wonderful words do not do it justice
so i simply ask you believe it is not your deeds that save you no ordain
ordained destiny for burn or for salvation no.... it is
John 14: 6 'I am the Way the truth and the light and no one gets to the Father except through me. Jesus declared.' This is why we celebrate Christmas
its for Him! so lets take this time to Believe
I know its not Christmas eve
its Christmas day
do not let this chance fly away
Please i ardently desire you to feel this Joy! God, Jesus and the Holy Spirit
are calling i beg that you answer but if nothing else feel the joy and love
BelieveWith the power of my thoughts I summoned you;
With a blink I made you vanish.
On a dark trip your spirit shall wander
and as it gets darker you shall believe in me.
Ungrateful creature, I am your heaven and haven;
Ingratitude is a sin, and sinners live an eternity in hell.
In mazes of confusion your spirit shall wander;
In utter darkness demons of the past shall haunt you;
Of happiness you are incapable
then you shall dwell in misery and isolation.
Have I not tried to befriend you?
Have I not held you and healed you?
But alas, you are just another ungrateful creature;
Reside in darkness and dwell in fear.. I thee curse.
Know me or know me not... I am a collector;
for when you were not looking,
in your core, I planted my seed.
Before you know it,
I shall grow in your soul
like a leafy tree of a hundred years.I wake in the night and let out a sigh,
And whisper your name and wonder why;
I'm not in your arms, while your holding me tight,
I should be there with you tonight.
Look into your heart and tell me what you see,
When you think of me, is there possibility?
Take me in your arms, and please don't leave;
I'll hold on to you tight, and hope that you believe.
Believe in love, always and forever.
Believe in us, you and I together.
I'm not like other girls, I won't just leave.
When you look into my eyes...Do you believe?
Believe me when I say, for your love, I'll wait forever.
With all my heart, I believe that we belong together.
Believe me when I say, I've given you my heart,
You should've known that from the very start.
Tell me, you believe that my hearts true,
Tell me, you believe that I love you.
Now, answer me one question, before I leave....
Tell me, do you believe?I believe
I believe in a lot
I believe in music
I believe in writing
I believe in listing
I believe in mankind
I believe in work
I believe in love
I believe in laughing
I believe in paradise
I believe in safety
I believe in light
I believe in entertainment
I believe in history
I believe in time
I believe in survival
I believe in change
I believe in luck
What do you believe in?
To tell the truth...
None of us is promised tomorrow
Live your life as if the last.
Believeif you think
then you will be
you are what you believe
so believe what you want
and what you want will come true
just believe
just think
make your own fate
forge your own path
carve your own destiny
dont be held back by barriers
your small dreams are your barriers
your doubts are your barriers
dont be held back
anything is possible...Believe in the purpose
Understand it's meaning
And wait for the results
Believe in yourself
Understand that you can't be perfect
And wait for your reaction
Believe in the truth
Understand the lie
And wait to fit them together
Believe in what you see
Understand what you hear
And wait to judge
It's the process of thinking
Believe and understand
Speak and wait for resultsBelieve what you believe because what you believe is what you believe. - Joshua Aaron GuilloryBelieve your hesitations
Don’t hesitate over your beliefs
You will find your way
The way of Lord whom you pray
(2008/1/23)Show me that you love me
But do not speak a word
Show me that you long for me
Without a sound being heard
Let your eyes seduce me
Entice me with your stare
Lovingly caress me
Let you hands show you care
Show me that you love me
Let your body language talk
Anyone can speak the words
But can you walk the walk?
Let your passion connect me
To the love your offering tonight
Share your true intentions
Baby, let’s do this right
Show me that you love me
Wear your heart upon your sleeve
Silent without words
Can you make me believe?Scattered dreams
Dispersed like motes of dust
Came together
Highlighted by shaft of light
A grain of sand brought about
Dust dared to be sand
Sand dared to be brick,
Brick dared to be wall
High above the clouds,
Together they stood up tallDo not believe, my dearest, when I say
That I no longer love you.
When the tide ebbs do not believe the sea -
It will return anew.
Already I long for you, and passion fills me,
I yield my freedom thus to you once more.
Already the waves return with shouts and glee
To fill again that same belovèd shore.Do you believe in fairies?
Could fairies really exist?
Do they live in flowers & gardens?
Do they play in the morning mists?
Do they tend to nature
With loving healing care
Do they fly through the forests
Would we see them there?
Are they oh so gentle?
Are they Heaven sent?
Do they fly  with the butterflies
until the day is spent?
Oh I would love to see them
To catch sight of them at play
Dancing around the flowers
just going about their dayBTW-My sister (Eryka)    and I wrote this. I got some ideas from Cassie and her really weird poem. So here it is! ! !
Do you believe in God?
Let the heavens above
Blend the spirits together
Once fallen, no one saved
Do you believe in God?
Let the heavens above
Give us the feeling to live
Once fallen, no one saved
Fire, blood, & water rain on you
Fire, blood, & water rain on you
Don't forget give half the credit to my sister Eyrka. Thanks! ! ! !I'm down on my knees thanking You
My palms and my eyes facing the sky
You proved to me once again
You were right here with me
Listening to my prayers.
You have sent me signs before
Some call them internal signs
Little do they know of Your existence
When others state that You have died
You are proving to me,
coincidence after coincidence,
that You are listening.
That You will have the whole universe
conspire on my behalf
to satisfy, not just a caprice,
but to only get what I've earned
by investing my soul for months.
I know what to do with this now.
Enlightenment and health is all I'm asking
Not wealth or beauty or career
Enlightenment to make wise choices in life.
When all else fails,
I treasure Your gifts:
my three angels
and You in my heart.Do you Believe In God?
The question remains
Yes or No?
Say no to save the life
Or yes to take it
But there's a question
In that question
Do you believe in God?
Say yes to pull the trigger
And I will pull the trigger
Please bow your heads in silence
And remeber those last words
Do you believe in God?
She said yes
And pulled the trigger
-Janelle Morehart-Do you believe in you and me
Do you believe we'll live happily
Forever
Together
Do you believe in love
That will always stand above
Almost anything
And everything
Do you believe in loveI wonder what she thinks right now,
As she sits in the shadows alone,
She has touched a deeper part of me,
A part that is yet unshown.
I wonder if she even knows,
The truth hidden deep inside,
Does she think me the lamb for slaughter,
Or some wolf of howling pride.
Does she care, the feeling, locked so deep
Does she care, her touch, has stopped the weep,
Does she know, her whisper, sparks the flame,
Life moves on, wonder not, I have no name.
Are there truly Angels that live among us,
And if they stood beside us, would we know,
Is there a safe harbour to lay our trust,
A fertile ground to make love grow.
Yet she be an angel if I have ever met,
Though in physical form she be not,
Her gentle caress, my safest bet,
With sweetest touch, my heart she has bought.A gray haired scraggly looking fellow is all you can see
But I am not what you think I am when looking at me
You cannot look into the thoughts of my mind
Like you I too have a soul and I too can be kind.
A young person in life you have some way to go
And little of others you hardly would know
You seem to dismiss me as a crabbedy old man
But I too can be judgemental believe me I can.
I'm too old for playing mind games those days with me long gone
I feel happy enough just to be living on
Just one more mere mortal who was born to die
None do live forever the facts never lie.
The stuff that I write I cannot hope to sell
I'm just one more ageing poetaster who pens doggerel
I am not what you think I am for looks can deceive
And that too is a fact and facts you should believe.Girl, do not believe his stories
They are all full of lies
Keep standing up for him
Tears will fall from your eyes
Remove yourself from him
That is what you need to do
He does not really love you
He just thrives on using youHe said he would love me
He said he would always be there for me
He said that he would stay with me forever
How do I believe him
He said that the distance doesn't matter
He said we would be together one day
He said he would never hurt me
How do I believe him
He said love is forever
He said things were really good
He said that I was his everything
How do I believe himIm so stupid to believe
That you actually liked me
Im so stupid to believe
That you actually wanted to be with me
Im so stupid to believe
All those words you said to me
Im so stupid to believe
That we'd last forever
Im so stupid to believe
That you still had feelings for me
Im so stupid to believe
That you'd actually take me back
And most of all
Im so stupid to believe
That i would never care enough
to be heartbroken again
But here i am
Writing this poem
You never liked me
You never wanted to be with me
We'd never last forever
You'd never take me back
And i'll always be heartbroken!I believe everyone has an urge to want to believe,
even if they are agnostic or sceptical about God
and in each human being He does create that ability,
where we want to go to someone with our own destiny,
even if a person do only come to a sense of belonging,
where organized systems do make people anxious,
it's to an Upper-Being that everyone does long,
somebody to talk to, who could give protection,
where there is a yearning for someone who do understand,
where we want to come to God without any fear,
to someone that stands between man and dilapidation,
where people want to be free from myths and icons:
do want to know a God, who is sincere with us,
in a world full of pain and darkness.
© Gert StrydomI believe i am wise enuff 2 amke my own choices
i believe i can speak my mind n nt listen 2 other voices
i believe i am nice enuff 2 forgive n forget
i believe can do thins i wont regret
i believe i am better person that i was las year
i believe i can face all my fears
i believe i am a lot neater cents i ben n AVID
i believe i can break all my bad habbits
i believe i am better that i intended to be
i believe i can do all things through Christ wit Strength in me.(PHILLIPANS 4: 13)I Believe In America…., we’re a nation of hopes and dreams…..,
Sweet freedom will fill our needs…., I Believe In America.
I Believe In America…., I believe we must fight for peace….,
My faith in us will never cease…., I Believe In America.
With His strength from up above…,
We’ll prevail on our massive quest…,
Our nation breathes kindness and love…..,
We’ll lead our world to happiness.
I Believe In America…, we are united in democracy….,
Defeating evil and hypocrisy…., I Believe In America.
Our Lord is watching every move we make…..,
I know He’ll help us do our best….,
Guiding us with every step we take….,
Because our lives are truly blessed.
I Believe In America…., we’re a nation of hopes and dreams…..,
Sweet freedom will fill our needs…., I Believe In America.
Yes, I Believe In America.Sometimes at night across the sky.
I see the silver dragons fly.
Although not everyone can see
the dragons dancing gracefully.
My friends think I have lost the plot
but I assure them I have not.
I don’t know why they cannot see
what is so very clear to me.
Perhaps I have an open mind
and they do not, so they are blind.
Moonlight reflecting on their scales.
This is a sight that never fails
to make me stop and realise.
Some cannot see though they have eyes.
They don’t believe the evidence
of their own eyes. It makes no sense.
Because they can’t believe it’s true
and won’t adjust their point of view.
But I believe and I can see
the dragons flying easily.
When twilight falls if you just try,
you too will see them fly
Unless you too, have closed your
mind and don’t believe in dragon kind.
2-Jul-08
http: // blog.myspace.com/poeticpiersRiding on the backs of giant snails
Ships with cotton candy sails
Iridescent castles, bubble blown
Mountains made of chocolate scones
Pigs that fly upside down in the sky
The moon at night made of cream pie
Riding through the sky on dragon tails
Sunbathing on the backs of whales
I believe in all these things
Even the lullabies a unicorn singsi believe in love letters and red roses
but i dont believe in us touching noses
i believe in those cheesy lines from those hollywood flicks
but i dont believe in us stealing kisses on the cheeks
i believe in things such as rules of engagement
but i dont believe in us building firm attachment
i believe in the pair of Mickey and Minnie mouse
but i dont belive in you being my spouse
i believe in sweethearts running on the shore
but i dont believe in us cuddling on the floor
i believe in blind dates and chemistry
but i dont believe in going out with you on the 14th of february
i believe in teddy bears and lipstick stains on the collar
but i dont believe in our relationship would go as far
i believe in carving names on the backyard tree
but i dont believe in the future of you and me
coz we once allowed ourselves to hold on and try
but you lose your grip easily and always turn out to goodbye
all those candy-coated things that love has
perhaps will never be applicable to us
i do have faith on paraphernalias of affection
just like i do have faith on divine intervention
i believe in forever and heartaches too
coz i believe in love but i dont believe in loving youI believe in rainbows and golden sunbeams
i believe in hopes and dreams
i believe in that old fable always told of old
That at the rainbows end there's a pot of gold
i believe there's some place beyond the blue
Where the promise of Love and Peace is forever true
i believe in me and you
i believe in miracles, for i have known a few
i believe in me and you
i believe in miracles, for i have known a few
i believe in me and youI believe in having good friends
They keep you up to date
With the latest fashion trends
I believe in telling jokes
I want to laugh regularly
Until I choke
I believe in being serious
There is always an air
Of you being mysterious
Even if there is nothing there
I believe in good sex
It is a good form of exercise
Even though it can be complex
I believe in love
Be it from down below
Or heaven-sent from above
I believe in fate
It is not something you create
It just happens out of the sudden
I believe in luck
But only when it works
When it doesn’t I just mock
I believe in hard work
Not only talk, talk, talk
It is work that earns you the buck
I believe in you
But sometimes do wonder
If all the things you say are true
I believe in good food
Spiced with romance after
To lighten up the mood
I believe in making babies
Then turning them
To gentlemen and ladies
I believe in courage
Strength with sense and not rage
I believe in dreams
But not the ones that make you scream
I believe in God
No ones knowledge and power
Is that vastly broad
And last of all
I believe in me
If I stopped believing
Then life’s wonderful gifts
Would not be worth receiving
Copyright 2006 - Sylvia ChidiI believe in yesterdays with fine tunes
Where new spring came through in fineness's touch
Where love song were sung 'I love you so much'
And feelings meant all in its afternoons
Sweet summer come back with those pretty things
That filled my longings in its stillness time
With inspirational blossoms in their prime
And still to my heart for always here sings
Rain is now outside and dripping all wet
Filling my emotions with a sullen sky
That never seems ending - day after day
Where are the red flowers my heart once met?
Give me back the dreams of blue darling's sky
Those only are memories - still far awayI believe in your rising and falling
I believe in your smiles and tears
i believe  in your joys and pains
i believe in your seed  and name
i believe in your sunrise and sunset
i believe in your clouds and raindrops
i believe in your moon and galaxy of stars
i believe  in you struggles and hopes
i believe in your desires and angels
i believe in your soil
i believe  in your future
i believe in your generation
'cos i believe in youI never believed in magic...
until u came into my life;
then all have been magical in my eyes.
I never believed that dreams come true;
till u made them real for me..
then all I see with you is just reality.
I never believed that love could move mountains...
till u moved one for me;
and then i knew that love could set me free.
And i never believed that one could die of a broken heart.
I believe it now- when you left me...
when you left me helplessly.
: -(When I wake up every morn,
Its with the awe of jus being alive
and being with you,
To reach out for that specialness,
Which the almighty has bestowed upon me,
And rouse those around me
to the potential of each new morn.
I am not afraid to admit,
That often, I am less than perfect.
Life is nothing but trial and error,
I believe in my heart
And my powers,
That something great is about to happen.
This keeps the sun - all time shining,
and the Rainbows that  we built together.
With every breath that I take,
Mystery lies deep within.
Your voice resonating,
Like seagulls on the shore.
Your wavy essence washes over me,
Flooding me with emotions.
Tosses me into that special place-
I long to be.
You are the diamonds of my night sky,
You are the sparkling  crystals of grainy  dust,
in the desert of my solitude.
Your serene face draws me to tranquility,
That’s where I long to belong for eternity.
Yes I believe in miracles,
All my avenues and possibilities are open.,
And look with hope to the horizon of  today,
For Today is truly all that I really have.
For the morrow I cannot say.
26-07-2008I believe in love
I believe in the Ones high Above
I believe in death
I believe in eternal life, even after my final breath
I believe in being crazy
I believe in you and me
I believe in miracles
I believe anyone can make a difference, even if it's little
I believe that dreams do come true
I believe you can do whatever you set your heart and mind to
I believe that nothing is impossible for God
I believe everyone is great, even people who can't even nod
I believe that I have a purpose in life
I believe that my parents wisdom is as sharp as a knife
I believe in Hell
I believe that Hell is a terrible place, I can tell
I believe in second chances
I believe in magical dances
I believe in my friends and family
I believe that with God, I can see
I believe in the Bible
I believe that It is wonderful
I believe that the Truth will set you free
I believe you can be whoever you want to be
But I don't believe in being perfect, there is no way, no how
You're not even perfect when Jesus is in your life, at least not for now...
'God loved the world so much that he gave his one and only Son. Anyone who believes in him will not die but have eternal life.'
-John 3: 16I believe in friendship
And love at first sight
I believe in happiness
For which we should fight
I believe in tic-tacs
And rock and roll
I believe in magic
And achieving any goal
I believe in true love
And the right to breathe
But above all things
I believe in you and meIn my heart you are always there
You lead me thru the darkness
Of painful memories
And walk me out into the light again
Where I can see you smiling at me
All it takes is just a word
A gentle touch from your soul
And I believe........
You take away my pain
You make me feel whole again
When I don't know where to turn
I turn around and there you are
You are the moon up in my sky
You are my shining star
You are everything to me
And I believe........
You're love will get me thru
And lead me back home to you
Where all the world just slips away
And my fears you hold at bay
You turn my darkness into light
And keep me strong thru out the night
And I believe........
Without you here with me
I'd be lost forever more
I'd stay locked behind my heart
And throw away the key to that door
You bring peace back to my nights
Because of you my eyes shine bright
And I believe........
Because of you and your love
The way you've helped me to be strong
Helped me to sort out right from wrong
I can take back the night
Make my world turn out right
So my path will lead me back
Straight into your arms at last
To go forward in my life
And let go of my past
Because of you
I believe........I believe that there are times when no one person is wrong or right.
I believe that there are things in this world that are less important then holding your children tight.
I believe in love that is true.
I believe that all love has it's struggles but we make it through.
I believe that my children and yours are here to do wonderous things.
I believe that we should not hinder them but give them hope and wings.
I believe that God will see me through any storm.
I believe that every disfunctional family is the Norm.
I believe that death will greet us all one day.
I believe that I will not be scared and LIVE along the way.
I believe that life can pass us by unexpectedly.
I believe that some people will let it pass unemotionally.
I believe that there is always a way to get through.
But most of all I believe in Me as well as You.“I could write the saddest poems tonight”
A stolen verse from the saddest poem I ever read
And think once he was mine
And now that is in the past
That He left my soul destroyed
Now I don’t believe in love
Once I was in love, and it was nice
A consolation prize the memories
Of the sweetest kiss I had received
The day he stole one from me
Only God knows if he loves me once?
I simply have the anguish to figure out
Whether once he loves me or not
The sun sees me and hides from me
I only get thistle from the field
The same field that gave me roses
When I proposed to him
Countless stars on that ebony sky
The only thing that now I have
Meanwhile I’m lost in this fogy land
I’m starting to believe:
That no one ever will love to me
Spanish, CreoI believe.
I believe that He was born for me.
I believe that He forgave me long ago.
I believe.
I believe that I will grow stronger with each passing day.
I believe that my soul is worthy, of the love that we have, should we pray.
I believe that His spirit is within me.
Lest I should falter or fall,
I believe that He rose again to save,
not only for you but for us all.
I believe that my life is precious,
one worth saving, no matter the cost.
I believe He came to save my soul,
no matter the things that I have lost.
I believe in His love.
I believe in His spirit.
I believe in His grace.
I believe in His holiness.
I believe.I believe in miracles.
and dreams that will come true.
I believe in tender moments.
I believe in reaching out,
and touching from the heart.
I believe that if we touch,
a gift we can pass on.
I believe that if you cry
your tears are not in vain.
when you're sad and lonely,
others know your pain.
I believe that when we laugh
a sparkle starts to shine,
and I just know that spark will spread
from more hearts than just mine.
I believe the gifts you have,
are there for you to share.
and when you give from the heart,
the whole world knows you care.
I believe that comfort comes
from giving part of me.
and if I share with others,
there's more for all to see.
I believe that love is still
the greatest gift of all.
and when it's given from the heart,
then not one of us will fall.His spirit moves across the waters,
His word is knocking on my heart,
His joy rising like the waters,
His endless love is the best part.
I see the cross on Calvary hill,
I see redemption in its shine,
I see his suffering in the turmoil,
I see the truth that made him mine.
The beauty’s real and I can hold it,
The water stretches sky to meet,
The grace of God an endless washing,
The nails piercing hands and feet.
And there’s forgiveness in the beauty,
And as I sit here on this eve,
He is my God and I his daughter
He is my life and I believe.I believe that the sun shines after the rain
I believe if you don't get hurt you'll never gain
I believe in not doing things the easy way
I believe that being selfish doesn’t pay
I believe in a second chance
I believe in a life long romance
I believe there is life after death
And standing up to a life of mess
I believe in love at first sight
I believe that revenge isn’t right
I believe that first impressions last
And there is nothing better then a good laugh
I believe that dreams do come true
I believe there's destiny for me and you
I believe that good things come to those who wait
I believe love never arrives too late
I believe something good comes from something bad
I believe that for tears of happiness there are tears of sad
I believe everyone has a guardian angel
And the good you do will be rewarded well
I believe sometimes there is no explanation
I believe money can't buy people's affection
I believe you don't know what you've got until it's gone
I believe a new day arrives with every dawn
I believe a smile can be contagious
I believe in being very outrageous
I believe in living with no regrets
I believe that life is as good as it gets
I believe that God watches over us
I believe the little things are worth the fuss
I believe you have each friend for a reason
I believe you will get punished for treason
I believe that what comes first is family
I believe we should all live in harmony
I believe in making the most of a beautiful day
And it's not the end until everything's okay
I believe absence makes the heart grow fonder
I believe you will lose if you sit and wonder
I believe every experience teaches you a lesson
And nothing cures better then a drinking session
I believe everyone has one true love
I believe sometimes we need a little shove
I believe the whole world is a stage
I believe we only get better with age
I believe that to learn you have to live
I believe that to love someone you have to give
I believe one moment can change your life
And there's still help when you’re in strife
I believe everyone has one true friend
I believe love helps a broken heart mend
I believe in the power of a song
And things will change before too long
I believe living is the best experience
I believe in not laughing at other people’s expense
I believe it’s hard to watch a lover leave
And when they’re gone all you can do is breath
I believe to always look on the bright side
I believe that life is just one big ride
I believe when I die people will grieve
But it’s ok because I believeLord give me faith and hope cuz Im in need
and my bodies waiting oh so patiently
cuz I believe in you indeed
Is there someone imitating me
bring her back because I'm jealous please
cuz I believe in you indeed
searching deep down trying to find and see
see the life that's right in front of me
cuz I believe in you indeed
find that person that I want to be
find her deep down way inside of me
cuz I believe in you indeed
doesn't take a miracle you'll see
there's that sweet person inside of me just waiting
cuz I believe in you indeed
who's the person that I claim to be
a mere glimpse of the past of me
cuz I believe in you indeedAll night all day I have been thinking this way
Then I hear my thoughts in your lyrics today
Faith we have when two hearts can perceive
In love like this, how can we not believeI believe
in one who sets me free
I believe
in one who heals me
I believe
in one who comforts me
I believe
in one who gives me joy
I believe
in one who softens my heart
I believe
in one who gives me everything
I believe
in one who leads me
I believe
in one who speaks to me
I believe
in one who gives me life
I believe
in one who shows me mercy
I believe
in one who prays for me
I believe
in one who is wonderful
I believe
in one who died for me
Now who do you believe in?1I believe in god
2I believe that there is a fish called cod
3I believe in creation
4I believe in graduation
5I believe in the lord
6I believe that I am bored
7I believe in life after death
8I believe that Shakespeare wrote Macbeth
9I believe in the odd more than even
10I believe in my middle name being StevenI believe I shall succeed
I believe I shall be an inspiration
I believe my troubles are temporary
I believe I shall be rich
I believe I shall swell wide
I believe I shall take on the world
I believe I shall speak of wealth
I believe I shall carry sufferers along
I believe I shall show how I made it from nothing
I believe in God
I believe that he is taking me somewhere
I believe that the darkness of today gives way
I believe, I believe, I believe.I don’t know what to do with out you …. But
I believe that you will guide me to finish my work
I believe that you will take me back to my home
I believe if I hurt you then you will forgive me
I believe you will sweet like my sugar candy
I don’t know what to do with out you …. But
I believe that u will light my dark nights by ur moon
I believe u will relief my thirsty by ur rain
I believe u will send me ur sun when I need him
I believe u will always flow ur cool wind that I can take breath
I don’t know what to do with out you …. But
I believe u will always watching me from ur place
I believe u will lift up me when I will fall down
I believe  u will make me that strong that I can lift up other
I believe u help me to let know other that u are with mei hold this piture in my time of sorrow,
death is walking aamounst my heart,
ripping,
taring,
till my life falls apart,
remorts of shame,
scar through pain,
the little emo girl to take the blame,
love is to death,
leaveing this life is the only thing i have left,
she dug a hole in my paper heart,
cutting hopes and dream,
ripping them apart,
how much more of this can i take,
till i fall down on the floor and break,
i remeber the very first time,
inside my mind,
i felt comforted like i had a sence of meaning,
love and hate,
deeath in debait,
holding my razor,
till the sorrow shall left,
i cant believe its back again from the place i had left,
remembering death,
my dreams are night marees,
slowly killing some,
for this i write to you,
my momI Can't Believe
'I can't believe'
I can't believe, I can't believe
this is so not happen to me
everything in my world is dark
and never gray
i could ask for help
but we all know
help never finds its way
only power and money
can do as they please
so i ask why is this
so happen to me
will the greedy
and the bad
some day go to hell
or will the evil ones
find a way to pay
their way out of
going to sinners jail
I can't believe~I can't believe  that you're single
Your personality blooms like a flower
And your face is so beautiful
That you cause mirrors to grow legs
Just so that they can be a reflection of youdid they really think they could just take it all away
with just one word
did they think I would not fight
do they really think I gave a shit what they thought?
can they really be that stupid
do they really want me to be unhappy for the rest of my life?
cause that is what would happen if I listen to them
I can't believe it
I’ve suffered for 4 years
I now found happiness
do they think I wouldn't fight to keep it
how could they think that?
are they really that blind
do they not see I’m happier than I’ve ever been
truth is I’ve never been happy
until now
and I don't want to lose it
especial because they don't like the way I found it
can't they just be happy?
can't they just let me be happy?
apparently not
some family
they don't want me happy
they fucking want me trapped
trapped in the darkness
trapped with them
trapped is a state of numbnessHow could you do that to me?
I can't believe you..........
How could you say that to me?
I can't believe you.............
How could you look at me like that?
I can't believe you..............
How could you make me cry like that?
I can't believe you.............
How could you make me feel so loved?
I can't believe you.............Again my car is back to the mechanic,
To see what is wrong once more,
Will he rip me off and begin to laugh?
As I’m making my way out the door?
The teacher who's handling thirty students,
Robert’s still failing and unlikely to pass,
This time will she listen to God's word?
And do her part tutoring him after class?
If you found an Indian head nickel,
Laying on God's beautiful green earth,
Judging by your skin at a coin collector’s,
Would you still receive what's it's worth?
More often than not in our lifetime,
A fair shake we will not receive,
It really doesn’t matter what the reason,
Only that someone is going to deceive.
The adulteress was brought to Jesus,
Caught in the act she had to be stoned,
Let him among you is without sin do it,
In the end she was left standing alone.
We can’t be caught up with how others treat,
Be sure the road’s straight in placing your feet,
Let misguided feelings constantly linger on,
You’ll become the one who is in the wrong.
While we were warming up in rehearsal,
A half hour before the radio broadcast,
Mrs. Lowe criticizes our choir on a song,
They had just sung it way too fast.
Saying, we're not going to do this song,
Sounds like you're singing out of a trunk,
With a stern look in her eye Debbie say’s,
'I Don't Believe In Giving God Junk'.
What’s wrong with you people today choir?
You don’t drink so you cannot be drunk,
That song sounded so bad if it was a smell,
I would have to say you are a Skunk.
Shake off whatever is stuck in your mind,
Just kick it in the butt and leave it behind,
We’re singing in praise to our Lord & Savior,
I will not stand for this kind of behavior.
Sharpen up those voices and clear your throat,
I refuse to be held by you as a scapegoat,
Pay close attention because I want all to know,
Don’t ever bring that jack near Debbie Lowe.
w/Jeff Ricky CheeksI don't believe it,
But it's true.
Seems like a bad dream,
But it's real.
A child's body burnt.
A spouse's limbs
Scattered all over.
People jumping out of windows.
Screams heard because
Of a great ball of fire.
I don't believe it,
But it's true.
Seems like a bad dream,
But it's real.I don’t believe you
When you say you care
I don’t believe you
When you say you’ll be there
I don’t believe you
When you say I should live
Why would you want me
When I have nothing to give
I just can’t believe
You want me in your life
Some messed up little girl
Who cuts herself with a knife
I don’t believe you
When you say you care
I don’t believe you
Or that you’ll be there.i have tried blocking my ears
while he called you things you were not,
but the epithets were heart-rending
i have tried looking away
while he beat you up
but your doleful screams of help
held me back
i have tried calling 10111
but the line just went dead
i have tried defending you
but my arms just went numb
i have tried callind 10177
but they were out of ambulances
i have tried calling your neighbour, too
but he went fishing that day
and the lads across the street
they went boozing
i have tried reasoning with him
but he called me an outsider
your sister was in labour
your mother lay sick abed
your brother ducking and diving in Darfur
your father partying at club Numbers
so i locked myself in my room
hoping that God's mercy would intervene
and now as i stand above
your lifeless body bathed in blood
i curse myself for my helplessness
but believe me, i have tried!I now understand but still I can't believe,
the things I hear or see
I jus don't know what to do,
the things I hear and see
my eyes still won't let my heart believe,
I've opened up but I now I think I should close her down,
she can't go threw anymore pain...
I now understand but still I can't believe,
that everything I've been threw
and u really don't care about me
I jus don't know why are u here if ur not here for me,
maybe its jus to toy with me heart and see how much it bleeds
I've been throw to much to jus let u run all over my heart like that....
I now understand but still can't believe,
why no how could u do this to me
I've given u my all and this is how u say thanks
by crushing my heart and soul,
by leaving them to bleed so that some other person can't save them...
I now understand but still can't believe,
that it was never only me....it was she..her but never we........I want – I wish to believe
The old tale’s – the ballad’s words,
How the sunny knight cuts
The monsters nine heads off…
Just at one stroke of his sword!music blasted in the air.
birds are flyin every where.
can you feel the love tonight
or is it just in my sight?
she loves me..
ohh.. yes she does..
can the moon not be brighter to match that smile on her face.
could the sun dim just a bit so i can look up and look back at her and say damn your hot.
she is my world.
nothing can compare to how im feeling.
this is just the way i wanna tell her.
i love her.
if only she knew.
i would write my heart out to her.
i would sing her a song.
i would tell her stories.
i would look her in the eyes and say,
babe i love you.
if only she believe the words coming out of my mouth.
she would know,
im lost in her eyes,
i wont find my way out.
im lost in her world,
i gotta stay somehow.
i love her.
if only she knew.
if only she believed.
i love her.If you believe that black is white
Do you know that you'd never be right
If you believe that short is long
Do you know that you'd always be wrong
If you believe that left is right
You might give yourself a great big fright
If you believe that front is back
You might give yourself a heart attack
If you believe that in is in fact out
You'd spend all your life living in doubt
If you believe that up is really down
You'd probably wear a puzzled frown
If you believe with all of your heart
That there is only one way you could possibly start
The day, with a lungful of tobacco smoke
Do you know you'd be part of a very sad joke?If you believe you will receive, the greatest gift of all
you can conquer highest mountain tops,
they will look very small If You Believe . . .  The dark cloud hanging on the day,
will very quickly pass away If You Believe . . .  Problems surmount in all degrees,
but you can discharge it as you please If You Believe . . . Reality helps pave the way,
to lighten burdens sent each day If You Believe . . . The rising sun, the evening moon, denotes a message too,
that all above can be resolved, it just depends on you If You Believe . . .then,
you will point to me where my hidden mole continues to grow,
where is my
secret wart that nobody has ever seen
then, you will love the scent of my armpit unwashed for
ten days and you will sleep soundly on my
arms
then you will like my callous hands rough to your lovely face,
you will clean my teeth with the licking tongue of yours,
you will love to breathe my breathe though i have not brushed
for days,
you will love everything in me
everything foul and even dirty, and you still love to be caressed by my bare hands
even if these hands too touched
another body last night when you were there patiently waiting
when i did not come on time
when you were sleeping
and your tears dried
on a loveless mattress on a bed where the sheets are not crumpled
where i may say that i
have never for once ever loved youI stand just inches away from you but
i feel like i am half way around the world from you
and i can't get any closer to you
@ that moment i run my hand through your hair
In life i've battled through obstacles and huurls
but i dont care i will tell you til my face is blue
i'll fight anything for you, i'm sorry i thought you knew
even if the pain is too much to bare
i've been with a lot of gurls
but none of them compare to you
if you ever doubt how much i love you
let me tell you this i wont promise i will love you for the rest of your life
but i can love you for the rest of mine & i can promise i will try to make you happy to the best of my abilities
Angellica, i love you more than life itself. believe me i'll love you until time stands still. just believe it.
j.v.boydIn  our todays  yesterday looms large
The present isn’t the past;
In other words, the past is still omnipresent
Steering sometimes unskillfully like a barge
Sometimes disaster looms
Unannounced, uncalled for;
A wreck that lies on a shore.
The saddest of songs and the most ancient of wrongs
Can bring on the tears;
We are all equal before our fears.
Today has the faint tinge of bitterness
Tomorrow will come, with the steepest of slopes
To climb, to pause, to think
That you can stumble on the brink:
Just believe that in life, something is taken
Something is given
All is forgiven: tomorrow will come
That the gift of words that you have
Will remain articulate: you will inspire
Like the tallest of spires
Your words will remain in many hearts
Just believe, you are not forgotten
Not by man or deity or life begotten
Words of consequence and comfort
And love and life will come back again.Sometimes I live in
my own little world of make believe.
Where the character in my stories
do the things, I wish I could.
They live out my fantasies some good some bad.
I am every character come what may.
They take me away from the real world that we live in.
Into the land of my dreams
into my own little world of make believe.
28 May 2008Life is full of make believe,
dreams of earnest topping fame.
Gilded Lilies spring up everywhere
as if in some dark nightmare.
We look with weary eyes
at temples we want to climb.
The shrines we want to spell out our name,
but with heavy sighs, we heave,
knowing our dreams are but make believe.
Each hill we climb
brings us closer,
to our vacant dreams departed.
Still we strive towards them,
hoping one day to catch a glimpse,
of what our heart wants most,
the dreams that will not fade,
in the hollow halls,
of the land of make believe.She is Beyond
Good and Evil now
living in a world
of fantasy
where she cannot see
what reality
is telling her
In her make-believe world
there are only
her fundamentalist church
her literal Biblical belief
and her saintly self
figting in victory
against everybody else
because they refuse
to give up
the demons
only she
can seeThey ate from the fruit of the Tree of Knowledge in the Garden of Eden, but God forgot to plant the Tree of Wisdom, and we have been struggling ever since.Only believe
That Jesus can save.
Only believe
The Promise he gave.
A home in heaven
Is waiting for you.
A home in heaven,
Believe, it is true.
Jesus has died
To save you from sin.
Jesus has died
That you may come in.
Believing in Christ
You'll help spread the news.
Believing in Christ
You'll change peoples views.
Believing you'll work
To save some each day.
Believing you'll work,
And meet Him one day.
Give thanks to Him
For all that He's done.
Give thanks To Him
In prayer everyone.Who will believe my verse in time to come
If it were filled with your most high deserts?
Though yet heaven knows it is but as a tomb
Which hides your life, and shows not half your parts:
If I could write the beauty of your eyes,
And in fresh numbers number all your graces,
The age to come would say, "This poet lies,
Such heavenly touches ne'er touched earthly faces."
So should my papers, yellowed with their age,
Be scorned like old men of less truth than tongue,
And your true rights be termed a poet's rage,
And stretchèd metre of an antique song.
But were some child of yours alive that time,
You should live twice, in it and in my rhyme.Oh, let me not believe in any man,
For men are undependable creatures;
'Tis God who gives each man life's unique span;
So, let me not believe in false preachers.
Oh, let me put my trust in God all life;
His love for man has no limits, I know;
And let my love for God increase in strife;
To my Redeemer, huge a debt, I owe.
Oh, let me not believe in earth's Masters;
They are as sinful as everyone else;
Let me avoid the gullible Pastors;
They are like poison- flowers with sweet smells!
Let me have faith in God alone always;
Let me in prayers pass my earthly days.You think that I just love to mope,
To mope, despond, cry & grieve.
But I see just you as my hope,
I trust you – yet do not believe.
You tell me a regular story –
Too fabulous for to perceive,
Too fabulous for me, I’m sorry…
I trust you but cannot believe.
Though I cannot call you a liar
Per se I expect you to leave
In doubts my soul, my fen-fire,
I trust you but hardly believe.
I used to rise then break in flinders,
I wear my heart on my sleeve.
Is it your or my flame that cinders?
I trust you but should I believe?
A hedgehog am I – cut my stickers
For waves in my hot chest to heave
So calm while my butterfly flickers,
I trust you and want to believe!To believe this thing isn't perfect is to believe it never was perfect! And to believe it never was perfect or is perfect is to believe it never could be, will be, would be, and to some degree, should be! Believe in the perfection of life! Peace, love, joy, goodness, grace, tender-mercy etc. Life, Peace, Nature, You, Me, All is and or are perfect forever! Health and or the universe is perfect! You know peace because you experience peace and are peace! What you discover you are, what you are you discover and or know already to be true! same is true with finding! and love! Peace is everything! Everything is peace! To believe that it isn't or never was perfect but that it will be perfect is to believe in something other than nature and or to believe deceptively or double-mindedly in the truth! It is to fall away from nature relatively and or absolutely! What is new is truly old! What is truly old is new! What is truly new is old! What is truly old is new.. forever! Life is, was, should be, will continue to be perfect forever! - Joshua Aaron GuilloryTo not believe this thing is perfect is to believe it never was perfect! And to not believe it was perfect or is perfect is to believe it never could be, will be, would be, and to some degree, should be perfect! Believe in the perfection of life! Peace, love, joy, goodness, grace, tender-mercy etc. Life, Peace, Nature, You, Me, All is and are perfect forever! Health and or the universe is perfect! You know peace because you experience peace and are peace! What you discover you are, what you are you discover and or know already to be true! same is true with finding! and love! Peace is everything! Everything is peace! To believe that it isn't or never was perfect but that it will be perfect is to believe in something other than nature and or to believe deceptively or double-mindedly in the truth! It is to fall away from nature relatively and or absolutely! What is new is truly old! What is truly old is new! forever! Life is perfect, it is [was] and should be forever! - Joshua Aaron GuilloryWhat do you believe in, when you wake up to the dawn?
What do you believe in, when you hear a birds gift of song?
What do you hope for, when all hope is lost?
What do you believe in, and what now was the cost?
What do you dream of, when the world tells you, 'you've failed? '
What treasures do you search for, if only to fill some empty pails?
What will you leave for time, but mans garbage and endtrails?
What should one seek after, when all else is gone?
What did God show man in Proverbs,
and from the nails placed into His palms?
What was the meaning of the words, this Man of God did speak?
What were the Commandments for, if man refuses them to keep?
What will the end be, for it will come in the twinkling of an eye?
When will the world hear of God, in the 'Sweet by and by? 'It is a natural fact of life that we human beings believe in
one thing or another – either tangible or intangible
The belief system of individual is sometimes determined by
parental heritage, place of birth, religion and societal values
We all grow up believing in many things our parents believe in
By the time we finish high school, our belief system transforms
The transformation occurs through our perception of the society
as influenced by our daily contact with classmates and neighbors
By the time we graduate from colleges and universities
Our belief system metamorphosed to a new level
through our interactions and relationships with the society
What do you really believe?
It is a known fact that many people believe in a Supreme Being
Different names are attributed to this Supreme Being
The name varies from one geographical location to another
The name also differs from one religion to another
To several people, the Supreme Being in known as God
To many mystics, the Supreme Being is called Universal Intelligence
What do you really believe?
Numerous people believe it is allright to eat all kinds of foods
While some believe it is wrong to eat animals and animal products
These people called vegans say that all animals are our friends
Therefore, nobody has the right to slaughter their friends for food
What do you really believe?
Almost everybody believe in the power of money
to solve all their problems and end their difficulties
Some say, even if money cannot make you happy
at least, money will give you peace of mind
What do you really believe?
It is true that what we believe influences our overall perception
Our belief system affects our approach to work ethics
Our belief system shapes our attitude to friends and neighbors
It is right time to search your conscience and ask yourself
What do I really believe?
Whatever may be your beliefs, please enjoy yourself
because you may never pass this road again.Why don’t you believe me when I say you’re amazing?
When I say you have the most handsome face?
Why don’t believe me when I tell you I dream of it?
When I say its your lines, with my finger, I trace?
Why don’t you believe me when I say you’re amazing?
When I say your smile lights up my day?
Why don’t you believe me when I tell you its sexy?
When I tell you how you smile my troubles away?
Why don’t you believe me when I say you’re amazing?
When I say you have the goldenest hair?
Why don’t you believe me when I tell you it warms me?
When I say how I sit and stare?
Why don’t you believe me when I say you’re amazing?
When I say you have the softest skin?
Why don’t you believe me when I try to describe it?
When I don’t even know where to begin?
Why don’t you believe me when I say you’re amazing?
When I genuinely tell you I love you?
Why don’t you believe me when I tell you I need you?
When I say this is all so new?
Why don’t you believe me when I say you’re amazing?
Why do you suggest I lie?
I hope you’ll soon believe me when I say you’re amazing,
because I’ll say it till the day I die.If I speak of love, it is because love speaks
To me, like we are having this conversation
About love itself, and I ask love that if I speak
Of love, will love believe me?
And love sighed, and finds this question
Too self-serving for itself, for love could
Be biased too, telling me that if I speak
Of her, she will believe me, oh, that would
Be too unnecessary of love, to speak about itself,
For love to believe in love from love itself
Who is asking about love,
About me and telling me, she will believe me,
In fact, this would be too confusing, too confusing,
But I speak of her today, and I speak of myself
Too, believing about this love of mine,
And so confused we see each other eye to eye,
The eye of love to my eye of true love,
Talking heart to a true heart,
The heart of love talking to the heart of true love,
and finally, though confused, and still taking breaths,
love, she finally,
Said, yes, love believes me, love believes my love,
love speaks of love, love believes in love,
In my love, and there is no other. Love begets love.
That is what human history had always told to itself.Christ is coming again to bring Judgment on the unruly and defiant,
But He's given Grace to all who believe The Word and don't deny it.
God will continue to show Mercy to Believers, who won't be denied,
But His Grace which He's displayed this age will be soon put aside.
Then God's Wrath will be poured on those, by whom Christ was denied,
And when He comes they'll cry for the rocks to fall on them to hide.
This will be during Jacob's Trouble, which is also The Tribulation,
Not only will God Judge Israel, but each and every wicked nation.
Although it's a time of Judgment as people seek Satan's exaltation,
God will have witnesses present at this time imparting His Salvation.
Now with the Age of Grace over, many Believers will face martyrdom,
But Christ will say to them this is My Kingdom in which you can come.
As for the men left on the earth, as they continue working in pairs,
One will be taken in God's Judgment, while the other one is spared.
With the increase of wickedness because man's heart is so depraved,
Unless those days are shortened, no flesh on the earth will be saved.
The Tribulation will be the darkest time ever experienced on earth,
And the only sure way to avoid it is through God's spiritual rebirth.
Friend the days are getting darker and Satan only wants to deceive,
With the Age of Grace still upon us, won't you take time to believe?
(Copyright © 04/2003)You don't believe -- I won't attempt to make ye:
You are asleep -- I won't attempt to wake ye.
Sleep on! sleep on! while in your pleasant dreams
Of Reason you may drink of Life's clear streams.
Reason and Newton, they are quite two things;
For so the swallow and the sparrow sings.
Reason says `Miracle': Newton says `Doubt.'
Aye! that's the way to make all Nature out.
`Doubt, doubt, and don't believe without experiment':
That is the very thing that Jesus meant,
When He said `Only believe! believe and try!
Try, try, and never mind the reason why!'Four elements, fire, earth, air and water,
Each on the calendar takes a quarter.
Fire and water together do not mix,
Fire always needs air, for that is its fix.
Earth, air and water that is a trio.
In what section would we find our Leo.
Horoscopes are some peoples obsession,
All the forecasts would give one depression.
You may believe them or you may not,
But quite frankly, I do not care a jot.
I’m an Aries and I’m a fiery one.
A Ram, well Ewe, when all is said and done.
Whatever prediction, for good or ill,
Will on a few occasions fit the bill.
Astrology will continue to lure,
All who feel readings can foretell  ‘Amour’.
©   Ernestine NorthoverHeart, believe me.
That was just a night...
How fool it is for my mind
to linger his words this way;
to trace every curve of his lips
and to flip a shadow of his pretty hair.
Oh, how fool it is for my mind
to think of him this way.
Heart, believe me.
That was just a night;
and I became a fool forever.God's love had made all things in universe;
The Potter shaped first Adam from mere clay;
Above all beasts, He placed him, not inverse;
Begotten was God's Son on Christmas Day!
Man's sinfulness had gone beyond limits;
God planned to save the human race by cross;
Christ's win by resurrection sure befits;
The clan of satan cannot bear the loss!
The world of demons will not give up fast;
Their doom in hell awaits their end of time;
The hurled down devils want humans too cast;
The womb of purity turns less sublime!
Christ's blood-shed saved the human race from hell;
The wood that bore the Lord has truths to tell!
Dedicated to all Poets who are Modern Sonneteers
Copyright by Dr John Celes 24-04-2016He'd intend to cook beans accompanied by rice,
Then relayed his thought first.
He pretend he wouldn't wash the rice,
And dismayed when the pair did rest.
Then prepared he the beans before the grain,
Washed clearly to purge the dirts.
He adhered to the boiling water as urged by his vein,
And hastely put the beans next.
The rice was soften as the foam,
To put the beans now, the rice is marred.
The ice of heat could not the bean's starch withhold,
The mute force could not press it flat.
He's ought to make rice before the beans,
But sort inverse, had wrought another meal.
18: 03: 18: 12: 29The sons of prophet could by heart discern:
Their horns were lifted to by nature learn.
'Behold now, the place where we dwell with thee is too strait
For us.' They'd spoken too late.
But the prophet could with their eyes see,
And lead their heart, 'Go ye', his elated glottis.
But before they left for their own course,
They implored the prophet to be their horse.
'I Will go', again he did say,
His will accompanied by their way.
And after they'd gone to pluck off logs,
Their desire made off the axe head into the water fog.
So did they called on the man of YHWH, who they'd invited:
His bid by them had them liberated.
18: 03: 18: 12: 56The lorry waved at me,
In hurry the land see
To the affair of the dust,
And He: the latter did rust
By fear and lent his courage to fright,
Till there arose the willful night.
Then he cleaned his faced with his rag,
And seal his courage with a nag.
I, gazing at these folk was mouth agape,
Lost, grazing on the pasture of the grape
Of indecision that'd been served
In decision by the untutor'd unified lads.
Thus did I stayed till twas dusk,
And did for that had my heart misled.
18: 03: 18: 14: 47The Parents Prayer II
There are few things that I could tell the wise,
When there are many wonders that are still a surprise.
Most from church, school, and working all of my life,
Some from family, friends; some strife.
But we are here because you still believe in
The things that keep us all away from sin.
It's okay that not all of our dreams come true
When we realize that there is so much left to do.
We don't get paid for how hard we try,
It's left to our children so they learn to fly
But trying to be good takes away most of our troubles,
It calms our minds and the good it doubles.
You can be glad today that you live here in America
Because of the many gifts that you've created, starting with
Barbara.
This life still allows you to grow and have fun;
Much of it with the one you named
Clinton Jr.
The wiser you become, the more you will see
How some of your dreams came true through
Brenda Lee.
The best gift that I got from you was wisdom,
I put it all together and called it
Otradom.
The day has overcome the dark
And given you the youngest one, Gary Mark.
Trust has also been given to you,
Since someone like Niya
Trust you based on virtue.
Friendship is one of those things
That doesn't have to end, so Diane,
I'm sure, will always be a friend.
You grow and share when you know someone
with an empathetic view, someone like Sibil
Who cares and admires you.
The name grandparents should also mean congratulation
For because of you, we welcome another generation.
We are glad for what you have given you grandson,
The one who's grown up beautifully; Solomon
The next one, it will also be dreams and promises he delivers,
The one called Joshua Thomas or Rivers.
We were all as happy as you were that blessed day
When the Heaven's kept it's promise and delivered Desiree.
We hope that they will all grow up and win
And dreams and goals are reached by you grandson Kevin.
We are sure you love them from the youngest to the senior,
Especially the 'Capt.'; Gary Junior
We know that with God all things are possible
And were reassured of that with the arrival of Miracle.
There are many things to proud of like health, happiness and America. Family, prosperity, love and Charisma
Like Nya, Maya, Aliyah, Gary and Kevin
We pray that life is as gracious and giving with Jaylin
Although they were born on different days,
Being fortunate enough to be blessed first with Maya,
We gave as much as we could, hoping it all stays
And because of that God then blessed us with Aliyah
Because strangers will also determine a part of their lives,
We pray they respect those like
Frank, Jerry and their wives.
This will all help us to progress and stay one
And remember the ones called
Hilda and Clinton (Sr.) .
Because only half of our life is material,
Look also in the half that is most spiritual.
There are many things that children will learn
From the small to the great;
The truth about God, love, life
When and when not to debate.
And for every creature that fly, swims and crawls
With us from day to day,
So that you will never forget them,
They are also called GoPe (God's People)A salute and a smile with a simple look
Along with a hello, subtle and by the book
A sweet eloquence to regale my dole
With a soft voice to emblazon my soul
Surely it was a perceptive greeting
Along with our best and last meeting
The Constituent's Prayer
May all that so gallantly gait forward, no matter where they hail from on this hallowed but dainty path, be not dashed with the balky trials that precede calamity and walk abreast balderdash and gab
For sometimes these things emanate a facade of eloquence and can relentlessly vie to emaciate and ebb away spiritual integrity
And still there is a gargantuan task of darning those who have already been bamboozled and debauched by those things, which may even seem to be affluent
For even those things which stand as an edifice, can sometimes obfuscate the heart and mind
Although many have slipped away, out of our grasp into the abyss, their convictions were neither banal nor facile.
Therefore let us be as zealous in trying to guide them back upon the path of prudence and virtue.
We are convinced that our ideology of Peace love and God is judicious, therefore we pray that our strength is more than effectual as we jut forth along with the wisdom we have attained in this world
We embalm the philosophy of Peace love and God without negligence to anyone, and seek the lavishness of our Lord's word; wisdom, knowledge and understanding into every facet of our life, along with the eloquent virtues that we cling to in the immense of martyrdom.
Therefore we vie against spiritual vapidness, with faith as our totem, like a tinge of light from a quasi-stellar projectile, which gales into infinity.
We stand here because God had painted our history with small and great tableaus of resurrections.
Our quorum zealously seeks patience along with our rabid quest to discern between answers juxtaposed the opaque and even those, which are clearly put before us, which can sometimes lead us into the abyss.
But even on laden days, when our conscience is more acquiescent because of an inclined itinerary, we must realize that answers are here also;
Not just in immaculate victories told on happier days.
Ratification of the truth that there is much that we cannot resolve until we have our work done, is sanctioned and canonized by this senate, and will also obviate the trauntness of our hearts.
In times of a more variant ambiance, when dilemmas, for an hour, tries to come and debauched the soul with a sardonic temperament and perspective, let us stand proud abreast virtue, like the equestrian does beside the faithful stead, in the hippodrome, at their greatest hour
Then let it be virtue that the heart cohabits with, so when it is moved, it shall move with us.  Hallelujah.
This day, we shall commute a life of pious indignation, to fuel a perpetual quest, for that one night when we were saved, 'by the hand that delivered Isaac from his father'.Anna's Song
I have gotten to know a couple of women from Turkey and Russia, who I, when traveling through the UAE (The United Arabic Emirates in the Middle East, I guess you will soon notice that it is somewhat of a gateway for many) , stop by just to see if they are there and sit and have a shisha and a cup of Turkish coffee.  It's a really nice spot in the heart of what is referred to by the locals as the Deira district, right in the midst of it all, I guess it would be like the street over from Times Square, or maybe the main shopping strip in Brooklyn, where after sitting and having a cup of coffee, you can go straight out and feel the rush of the world outside of the door going about a hundred miles an hour.  There was a young lady whom I shall call Anna, like a lot of the others, I've incorporated her into one of the books that I'm writing, and even when we don't talk, she always has a story to tell, for she'll sit a few tables away from me and still capture my attention, going from happy to sad, to being passionately in love to even being dissatisfied; a platonic Scheherazade.  I can't be exactly sure what she told her friends of me; a dichotomous story of extremes after we met; but the next time her friends stopped by to talk and have a cup of coffee with me, seeing if they saw the person in me that she described or even the person that they thought they had seen in her.Charlene's Song
Tethered  to Life by Virtue
To go back to the beginning  seems similar to piecing together
the phylogeny of our speciation
Then even more enlightened knowing that we met juxtaposed another  predestined quest, desegregation
But the collage begins to appear  as it did before from the vat of life's
Large gratuitous phylactery
And still as euphoric and soothing,  and like the craft of Faberge', still
somewhat of a romantic mystery
I was glad to hear that the other day, you were  pushed by a heart empathetic
And compassionate as well as zealous
And I realized I still had part of it, which ranged from botanical
To political to religious
When I think back to the days of swings  at Alice Keith, sitting by the waters at
Sabine Pass, it can seem facetious
But watching the stars in their serious but frolicsome nature, I realize it  wasn't really at all that capricious
Even now when I close my eyes, I can  hear the ballads you sang from 'Silent Night'   to the many whys of martyrdom
And realize that those whys are answered
With a most efficacious persistence
Which is why I call you an Otradom
I hear the guttural hymns of the winds  after having benevolently fostered  the sun back into the morning skies
Birds sing out the order of ascent,
Canines beckon their neighbors,
Kids sit abreast; one laughs, one cries
At the beginning of the season, you fashioned my heart, the greatest gift of the virtuous knight
And by the end of the summer, those  wounds had formed a crest, and created  a greater sight
The day I heard that the throes of life was a simple appendix, I rejoiced with  hallelujah
And after touring with Motley Crew,
Luther Vandrose and the Guys only  widened my panorama
There are really 'no good guys or bad guys'
as the song so eloquently says
I only wished I had written this years ago,  and wished you happier days
Like the prayer Otradom PeloGo,  the love you shared helped me through the days  my mind was in a martial disposition
And I now realize that its only  more venerated with judicial  interposition
It wasn't until the time we spent  in San Diego, that I realized
that my heart was not only wanton but  obstinate
And that when the other half was joined to it, it became complete as well as  immaculate
As we sailed the waters to Sapporo,  and danced with the children from igloo  to ice castle
The fact that I'm glad that half of my hearts is still in Misawa is regaling  as well as veritable
Its sometimes takes more than words to express the love between me and you
Therefore it's the last wish on the list,  one that means the constituents are
not only coupled with love, but also  tethered with virtue
Even after the semester ends, traveling  around the world seems to only extend  the trek, not allay
Then is embraced with affection while playing scrabble with Joe and Alta Mae
Then walking through an extravaganza  of memories books toys and clothes, so  fastidiously keen
While sorting out the favorite pictures of
Charles, Jay and Arlene
While sitting with Joshua, Solomon,  and Desiree, I realized life can  be so enigmatic as well as  eleemosynary
So I only advise applying  prudence as well as virtue when deciding
which hand delivered the one called Billy
The advise I've gotten from friends and family has only made me wise  as I brood and roam
And although there is only one place  we can call ours, there are a million we can call home
There are times I wonder how things will turn  out, how we're going to make it
Then there are times that I can easily
overcome when just  thinking about
walking through the Big Thicket
Even now I feel that because we can  overcome the past makes life as simple  as walking on black ice
And although it my never be perfect,
It's the effort, which I've seen, which  makes it a worthy price
As we ran like children from the Aqua
Festival, Lake Travis, and even to  the top of the Austin dam
Only to become more exhilarated as we  raced through the streets of Korea  as guests of  Uncle Sam
I still set things on fire, and promise to keep such an expensive point of view
And after the fourteen years of going  through it all, I still promise to keep  such an expensive I love you
After flying the ferrous wings of wisdom   from here to the heart of the Oakland  and San Francisco Bay
I've learned to love all things, respect all things,  and call all things except you and me
Go Pe (God's People)
Most of the time I would like to be  pragmatic, rational, but I desire
for you that part of  my heart remain  contumacious
And desire for us, that it remains open,   loyal, virtuous, and yet ostentatiousMy mom is sixty-four; will be sixty-five April the twenty-seventh.  I just got off of the phone with her, ironically; a few people to be more precise; my mom and sister; trying to increase the tolerance level, making the bonds stronger, and as one would say, keeping the lines of communications open.  This morning I went by to have a cup of coffee; since I moved here, I don't go by very much, so whenever I have the chance, I call and invite myself over for a hot cup of coffee or just a short and cordial conversation.
Usually I call home with nothing in particular to say; how is everything going, who's all there, what's for dinner, or did I get any mail; five minutes or so and say good-bye.  One day it was okra, sometimes pork chops, fried chicken, sometimes gumbo; and she usually offers; but an hour walk over to her house or just as long transferring on buses, makes the acceptance rare.
My relationship with my mother has taken a progressive and even pragmatic course; I'm sure I was the most loved child when younger, of the five of us, but I'm sure we all thought that.  Though as I have become older, I can see the relationship that she has with the rest of the family, I think it's all shared equally.  Yet over the last several years, I think that I probably found myself saying the least, though seeing the bond between Barbara and her grow more than ever before.  Barbara is the oldest, and their relationship has taken the opposite course; saying more over the years as we have grown older, or rather more mature; thus their relationship has grown tremendously.  And even being more surprised as how close the bond between Gary, my younger brother, the youngest child in the family, has also grown, and the bonds between Clinton Jr., my oldest brother and Brenda, my youngest sister; I guess noticing the way that we have changed over the years, though something that I wouldn‘t have noticed when I was younger, but have truly appreciated being able to see it form and mature over the last several years.  So that makes two brothers and two sisters, a mom and a dad; I think two and half is supposed to be the size of a normal family, but apparently my mom and dad tried to improve on that; my friend that I grew up with, his mom had sixteen kids.
My dad and Mom are about the same age; though I think that my dad may be a year younger; they are both from Louisiana; my mom from Saint Martinsville, and my dad from Shatan or I think he said the name changed later to Ville Platt.
When I called she said that he had gone to work for the day; to one of the day labors; I think last week she said that he may start driving a truck again; ‘Here comes that leviathan', Here comes the battle of the tireless with eighteen wheels; he has been driving for as long as I can remember, and even had the chance as a kid to go out with him a couple of times when he worked for Steadman, a paper recycling company where we would pick up bails of paper and take them to the warehouse.  But all of the above reasons make calling home of course almost a natural response.
But as I said, the phone call seems to take on a pattern of a cordial family phone call that I have been familiar with all of my life, and one that causes even a subconscious awareness of those we love without putting it together until something extraordinary, either good or bad, causes it to make a profound plea for manifestation.
Ironically enough, it's my mom's birthday, so we'll go over to wish her what you would call a happy birthday, though about my mom's and dad's age, they usually admonish you for having brought too many candles.  I called her yesterday just to say hello, and talked for a while, and told her that I would go by on her birthday.
I saw Clinton Jr. and his wife Sibil last Sunday; Easter Sunday, and told them the same.  They came to pick me up and gave me a ride over to my mom's house for Easter supper in one of the smaller leviathans with four wheels and five doors called a blue van, which between the plate that I had over there and the one she gave me to take with me, has kept me filled even until today.  When I called yesterday she said that she and my dad were sitting outside; that was about six o'clock; sometimes they grab a couple of  chairs, a cup of coffee and sit outside just as it begins to cool off a little before the setting of the sun.  She told me that her granddaughter, my niece, was glad for the Barbie doll that I bought her, and I will have to pick up something for her older brother also.
Barbara, since she works the afternoons was probably there with her son or rather, my mom told me that they had gone to the store, every now and then, they jump into the car just to go out for a little drive before coming in for the evening.  Brenda may have been still at work; she usually stops by on her way home. I asked her how was school going, she said that she was taking six hours and would probably take nine or twelve next semester.  I told her that I just called to say hello after getting in from work.
I asked my Mom did she want me to pick her up something; she said a chicken, and some cooking oil; my mom cooks rather well; there is just about nothing that I wouldn't eat that she cooks, except cabbage, mustard greens or okra; where I lost the taste for it, I have no idea; but I look forward to seeing the grandkids learning how to cook or bake something themselves.  I don't know how they see handing down the art of cooking; either as a secret or cultural heritage; I've tried to get her to teach me a couple of times but never really caught on; though my mom's brother; Chris, is a great cook; something that he probably got from his mom; my grandmother.  So our first venture will be a trip over to grandma's house.
Love, Otradom'My Mom and Dad (Hilda Mae and Clinton Thomas Sr.)     are extra motivators when taking on arduous ventures, (and it goes for their cohorts, those their age in general, as much) .  Being born in the post-Great Depression era, in the 30's, in Louisiana, like for the rest of America, was trying enough, coupled with being black parents in the segregated south in the 40's 50's and 60's, made life at that time even more challenging.  At the age of five, my mother being one of the oldest of ten children along with my grandparents who packed everything into boxes and put them on back of the truck, headed to Texas from St Martinsville, Louisiana. My dad from Shatan or I think he said the name changed later to Ville Platt.
My Mom and Dad worked hard, taught us how to pray each day, respect and love one another, supported and encouraged me and my siblings, they also taught us to enjoy working (which each one of us had worked somewhere before graduating from high school.) , would be the second motivator. Although I started working at the age of eleven or twelve, there was very little at the end of the week to save, and little reason to save with the amount I would get working part-time.
By the time I was twelve, I had worked before, like most eager children at that age had wished to do but couldn't. My Dad, besides being a truck driver was somewhat of a handy-man, and thus I can remember doing odd jobs with him, from working with people renovating their homes, to helping unload bails of paper for the Standard Paper Co. that he worked for as a truck driver.
I threw Grit (America's Greatest Family Newspaper Inc.)     with Clinton Jr., my older brother, a bundle of weekly newspapers, which they would mail to him, sort of a thrift magazine, that he would get paid for by walking door to door and selling a single copy to whoever would listen long enough and buy one each week. On Saturdays, my Mom would give me permission along with a small loan for gas, to walk down to the house at the end of the block and rent a lawnmower from Albert, the neighborhood mechanic who of course repaired lawnmowers in his garage and rented them out, to cut the neighbor's yards for extra money. Then of course, I delivered the local city paper, like a lot of young boys at that age, The Beaumont Enterprise and Journal.
One day after getting home from school, my oldest sister, Barbara, called me and told me that they needed someone to work where she was working at; I was in the seventh grade, so she must have been in the twelfth grade, since she is five years older than me and started school a year earlier. The local university, Lamar University, was about two miles away from where I went to school, and thus it would make the perfect after school part-time job. So I would walk about a mile to school in the morning, then after school two miles to work, and though my Dad would pick me up most of the times from work, sometimes I would walk the three or so miles home in the evening (A mile to school, two miles to work and three miles back home) .
I had an early growth spurt, and then, those who were taller were usually asked to do more, from school, to sports, and to work; so at 3: 00 pm, off to work I would go. My sister and aunt worked there during the day in the kitchen as cooks and my Mom worked there at night as a custodian, and then as a chef the next morning on her second job, downtown at one of the best cafes in the city, called Whitby's.
And that growth spurt also allowed me to get one of the easily minted social-security cards, and an I. D. with whatever age I or anyone else would tell the clerk; so from eleven or twelve one day to sixteen or seventeen the next (just to start working at an early age) , which was the age one had to be to work in 1978. Being one of the few kids who worked and thus had my own money, was an experience that would last a life time.
I worked there for a year, at the university, one of the top ten engineering schools in the country, then took over for my older brother as a sacker at the local grocer named Giant Foods owned by a good friend of his named Richard; the Ferguson's owned a couple stores in the area, and later moved to a cashier's position after my brother joined the army; of course, I still needed the fake social security card and I. D.
I was born in 1964, Martin Luther King Jr. was still alive, but of course I was too young to have understood the intensity of the atmosphere of the civil rights movement, and the reasons which it was being propelled.  And thus, even today, although there is still inequality, though not compared to then, and being a black family struggling in the south to make, it becomes difficulty to try and give and empathetic account of what one was going through at that time. After twenty, thirty and forty years working, and like my Mom, two jobs, raising a family, being good employees, friends and citizens, helping build the company that they worked for, along with the city and country where they lived, for what was, for a lot of people, average if not below average wages, especially for minorities and women.  And thus end up with a fraction of what they could have had based on how much more we now put into finance (and personal finance) , investing (and personal investing)     and employee benefits.
Also, at that time in American history, there were not too many ways that either they (my parents)     or the company that they worked for, to invest what was left over after all of the above, plus paying the bills. Although it's not the 30's,40's,50's or even the 60's, the new millennium has a lot of the same problems, some which should have gotten better that hasn't, like the wage disparity/difference, not having kept up as it should have, and the word inequality replacing segregation and racism whether it be in the south, north, east or west. But like then, whether it is trying to deal with the post-Great Depression Era, propelling the impetus of a Civil Rights Movement or creating a personal investing program which aids in changing the high fail-rate to a higher success-rate, we have to, and have the ability to work on those problemsLela's Song
(I got the idea of the ‘Song' while talking to Lela, you'll see as I explain in the following paragraphs, while talking to her one evening and feeling comfortable enough, like she simultaneously did, tried to explain and show her some of the things that I do.  I played some of the recordings  that I had made some time ago of some of the poetry that I had written to hear how it sounded, for editing purposes, which she only considered interesting. I  then sat her down, and after a little while of talking to her, I decided that I wanted to keep her story, ‘song', and picked up the computer and began to write it as she sat there watching me compose as much as I could remember her telling me, up until that very moment. At the end of about half a page, I scrolled back up to the top and titled it ‘Lela's Song'. I could, though I was myself truly surprised, see that she authentically enjoyed an uncontrollable moment of pleasure, as she sat up and turned her head to the side for only a short moment, the virtuous embarrassment of having someone do something nice for her, before returning back with the mask.)
Lela, Nanya's friend, had seen me come in one late afternoon and walked up to me and went through the motions of preparing to sit down for a long and intriguing conversation, and watched me pass up something that she knew I wanted, ironically the polished product which she was pretending to present to me, when she knew that I was totally preoccupied with a few things on my mind, but something that I had been asking for, subliminally and subconsciously; not only and intimate relationship, here, intimate meaning to have an in-depth conversation, talking beyond the superficial salutations, and being extended where we would, I guess you would say, although it was fate that had brought us together, become friends, but I guess it manifested itself more than even I thought. Only when I had decided that it wasn't there any longer did it appear, and she felt safe enough to play with it, while I sat and had a cup of coffee with way too much on my mind.
Lela is a young and vibrantly beautiful lady; twenty-one years old whom I met in the beautiful city of Dubai. Today, unlike the first time that we met, her hair is streaked with light brown rather than jet black, like the first time that it was when I met her, the streaks of brown, being a fashionable trend, but something that I couldn‘t help notice, but didn‘t note, or dare mention, that how lovely she looked with straight ebony black hair sitting just below her shoulders.  And I couldn't help notice as we sat there, how I could see so many faces, not here in the Middle East, but back home, seeing her being mother to many American women I have met in the past and also now; and through her, having a chance to sit and talk with them.
Having been there for four years, leaving a son and mother in Turkey; Istanbul, for like many people, whether Dubai, New York or LA, to find not a better life, but more financial opportunity until one manifest's itself at home.  Ironically, her son is only four years old, dramatically enough, leaving him at the age of only six months old, going home whenever the opportunity presents itself to see him, and of course her Mom who keeps him fed, clothed and loved until she returns to assure him that all, if not yet is well, will soon be.
The days, something I tried to find out, even wanted to know about, hasn't been all perfect for Lela, some days have been, God forbid, perpetually a struggle, for I have seen, although with hope, it would only be transitory, those days while traveling through the US from one city to another; trying to find work, a place to stay, etc., but she, with a realistic understanding of her situation, has faith that she will make it.  For as I sat there with my mind racing to keep up with her attempt at discretely trying to explain, that life for some of the young ladies there in the Deira district, as with many other places, can be a plight.  The adjustments of understanding this had to be made instantaneously and transformed back into a cordial conversation of still discrete empathy, where my thoughts would not be an interruption to our litany, and thus we sat there in a dimly lit room as she continued describing her affair with what life sometimes, as I said, in a providential manner; (providential) , it being a prelude to another life unfolding without true awareness of it, that will still discretely enough deliver many more positive outcomes to a beautiful young lady named Lela.
Of course I struggled still with my advice of trying an orthodox approach of asking about finding work, but I knew that it would be a cliché heard many times, followed by a well prepared answer, for I know after meeting many people while traveling through the US, that there can be many reasons as to why or why not; something, because of all the many different reason, I gave the title, 'A Most Complex Situation', even more so in the Middle East, especially for women.  There are many similarities that she apparently spoke of, while even prudently trying to explain her situation, which I have seen throughout America while traveling from coast to coast.  Getting enough money to come to Dubai, it is only the beginning of what could possibly be a long road, and after getting there, is when it starts.  For she spoke of the issue of rent, trying to earn the money to pay for the apartment on a day to day basis, and having enough left over for even life's basic necessities, which when just starting out, can be very costly until she's able to save up the money for the daily rent.  Because of course, she is just starting out, she want have the money for the rent, or deposit; the things she needs on a daily basis: food, clothing, personal items, and if God doesn't forbid, a personal life where there is a little happiness other than knowing that one day it will turn out right.
I have thought about this, and it can change from relocating to a different country to try and find a better opportunity, which is almost unheard of in America; least migrating to and not from; thus a very bold move to begin with; to homelessness, by it's varied definitions - until one has a permanent place of their own, to what it can change into, though at the moment I'm speaking of the more austere aspects, like becoming complacent or oppressed by an ever present struggle to try and, as they say, ‘get ahead'.  And though I have seen it manifest itself in many places back home, I couldn't help but have it resurface here while thinking about the people in Iraq about a year and a half ago, when I first started my job overseas.  And once more, the reasons are quite diverse as to why people could be going through, although worlds away, similar plights to trying to attain a better life.  Ironically I was reading an article on the internet; looking up Chechnya, trying to find out more about the world of Nanya, and it stated that the unemployment rate was about seventy-six percent; I think eight percent would be considered a major recession in the US, and certainly because of the recent happenings in Iraq, making these two places almost identical, as far as the problems that many of the people would be having trying to attain this better lifestyle.  Yet I thought it was an overlooked understatement that I had read in  Government and the Economy by Lane and Ersson, that said that income or GDP of a country and its people, doesn't justify true quality or happiness of life.  And thought about both above statements, overcoming austere circumstances and true quality of life, while meeting the people in Iraq for the first time, although from the inside of a cab of an eighteen-wheeler, yet only several feet away if not inches away on many occasions.  And seeing them farming, herding, selling merchandise on side of the road; I said that the day that there will be Wal Marts, K Marts and Targets out here, the day the economy starts booming, they will be a really competitive people, which we know that competition makes the pie bigger for everyone, and seeing people, men, women and children living in landfills, along with their livestock, (in the future, even now in America, these are prudent investments) , yet I couldn't help but carry the weight of these two concepts, with the only resolution for either, being that things will get better in the future.  Though not as someone looking for answers, but someone with sympathy, I find empathy a very trying word at times, for it's truly hard to put yourself in someone else's shoes when you know that they are going through a trying time. I often hope to one day meet them, in the landfills, herding or selling merchandise on side of the road, for I would attain the same pleasure as meeting them walking down the streets back in my hometown, or any town, USA. It's something that I couldn't explain or find the words for, and wouldn't dare write until after having the conversation that Lela and I had the evening we were sitting down a thousand miles away in Dubai.
Though like everywhere else I have been, I can see things changing, especially for women, and thought about the book that I recently finished reading on Princess Sultana Al Su'ad's of Saudi Arabia, called  Princess Sultana's Circle.  It's a story authored by Jean Sasson, where together these two women help describe the oppression of women in the Middle East and plot out a resolution for helping them overcome it.  Being a princess of the royal family who prudently is working for women's rights, where troubling enough, her two daughters take a dichotomous trek on the affair. One daughter siding along with her mother's quest for those rights, and the other clinging staunchly with the traditional orthodox Muslim customs.  It was a book where when searching through it for notes and certain passages, I found myself reading chapters over again, only to be touched equally as much, and could have seen a passage on the lovely young lady name Lela, seeking a better life with great youth, beauty and potential, yet with the elusive limited access of choices.  So I tried surreptitiously, by asking her could I pay for her to take a trip somewhere just to get away for a while, to see where the oppression had settled, though I think it was the accepting so soon, which made her say no more than anything else.  We sat and talked several times afterwards before I prepared and headed out on a short journey to Europe for the first time, other than Holland, ironically where the house that harbored a young lady called Ann Frank and her family from the Nazis before being captured and put in a concentration camp is located.  This is only a small passage of the time we shared, the rest I shall work out later to find out just as much about life as about this young lady named Lela, and even myself.Mary's Song
There are people that you meet, and most of the time, especially when you don't think that they notice that you are watching them, when they are not looking directly at you, and of course this is what happened; as I have seen her frequently; having talked to her occasionally, and enjoyed seeing her; and I can only say this in retrospection, that she makes me smile inside; and as I continue I'll eventually, though prudently reveal why. One, a person whom you could enjoy looking at as much as talking to, which as I said, I had a chance to do both, and again, only being able to say this in retrospect, was after sitting down on the couch and having a meaningful dialogue with this young lady that will, as much she did myself, enlighten as well as entertain you.
Now she only wears high-heel shoes, forgive me if I'm not an expert on women's fashion, but they are sort of like the open thongs; on the back, sensuously exposing the pink soft flesh of the feet, but where these are, I'm sure the latest in design, also adds several inches to her height; at least two or three easily, but dramatically enough, you wouldn't truly notice it, because she has, forgive me if not intentional, an amusing strut; she does more than just walks, and she waves at me all of the time, so I know, she discretely sees me imbibing her persona, and allowing it to tantalize, I guess I can say, many parts of the senses, and discretely manifesting and uncontrollable yet infatuated and returned glance.
When Mary told me that she was from Iran, I was even more fervidly moved, for many reasons; it brought up a lot of issues; most of them in the news on a daily basis, from religious issues to nuclear proliferation, and I had recently read a really enlightening article on Iran and the issues it brought up as being a global player in today's world, and I recently went back and read once more where the author commented on these events, saying...
'…At one end of the spectrum are the hardest of the hard-liners, who disparage economic and diplomatic considerations and put Iran's security concerns ahead of all others.  At the opposite end are pragmatists, who believe that fixing Iran's failing economy must trump all else if the clerical regime is to retain power over the long term.  In between these camps waver many of Iran's most important power brokers, who would prefer not to have to choose between bombs and butter'.
This split provides an opportunity for the United States, and it's allies in Europe and Asia, to forge a new strategy to derail Iran's drive for nuclear weapons.  The West should use its economic clout to strengthen the hand of Iranian pragmatists, who could then argue for slowing, limiting, or shelving Tehran's nuclear program in return for the trade, aid, and investment that Iran badly needs.  Only if the mullahs recognize that they have a stark choice -they can have nuclear weapons or a healthy economy, but not both-might they give up their nuclear dreams.  With concern over Iran's nuclear aspirations growing, the United States and its allies now have a chance to present Iran with just such an ultimatum.
In an interview in 2002, the pragmatic minister of defense, Ali Shamkhani, warned that the 'existence of nuclear weapons will turn us into a threat to others that could be exploited in a dangerous way to harm our relations with the countries of the region.  The economic dimension of nuclear diplomacy is also pushing the pragmatists of multilateral sanctions.  'If there [are] domestic and foreign conflicts, foreign capital will not flow into the country, ' Rafsanjani has warned.  'In fact, such conflicts will lead to the flight of capital from this country.  On one course, Iran would agree to give up its nuclear program, accept a comprehensive inspection regime, and end its support for terrorism.  In exchange, the United States would lift sanctions and settle Iran's claims over the assets of Shah Mohammed Rezza Pahlave.  The West would also consider bringing Iran into international economic organizations such as the World Trade Organization, granting Iran increased commercial ties, and perhaps even providing it with economic assistance.  Western nations could sweeten the deal by agreeing or assisting Iran with its energy needs (the ostensible reason for its nuclear research programs)   and to forswear direct military attack.  The United States could also help create a new security architecture in the Persian Gulf in which Iranians, Arabs, and Americans would find cooperative ways to address their security concerns, much as Washington did with the Russians in Europe during the 1970s and the 1980s.  If, on the other hand, Iran decided to stay its current course, U.S. allies would join Washington in imposing precisely the sort of sanctions the mullahs fear would scuttle Iran's precarious economy.  These sanctions could take the form of everything from barring investment in specific projects or entire sectors (such as the oil industry)   to severing all commercial contacts with Iran if it proved utterly unwilling to address Western demands…Spelling out in advance all of the steps Tehran is expected to take or to avoid, as well as the specific rewards and punishments they would incur, is the best way to prevent Iran and U.S. allies from reneging on their commitments as they have in the past…Because Iran's economic woes have been a major factor in popular discontent with the regime, there is good reason to believe that, if forced to make such a choice, Tehran would grudgingly opt to save its economy and look for other ways to deal with its security and foreign policy aspirations.
But I'm also enlightened from a cultural perspective; a sociological one, humanitarian, and add all of the above together, it only means that I love meeting people from different countries, cultures, places, and I could spend the rest of my days traveling just to do this, and thus we were in an intimate position, where I was in arms reach of her, and the conversation we are now having, allowed me to express a warm gesture of pleasure of hearing it by putting my hands on both sides of her temples and giving her a small but passionate kiss, as if even something inside of me suddenly, and passionately moved also.
Maybe it was its (Iran's)   culture that I had heard about from the days in grade school, ancient and current, certainly it was because she was a beautiful young woman; twenty-five; only to complement myself; she could have been even much younger, and thus again, by all of the above reasons, adding to the unexpected surprise that was warmly met by her, excepted, and returned with a soft kiss of her own.  And all of the above, by now, for you, along with being fashionably dressed, and with beautifully styled and kempt hair, I have created a masterpiece, not of the Mona Lisa, but of a beautiful and lovely young lady; Mary.
All of this, of course has to be followed by, for the appetizer, was her strut, it invited me in, and thus, main course allowed me to hold her in my arms; followed by dessert, which came in seeing her take off, along with light outer garment, the caricature of an even more soft and lovely person, as she sat back to relax on the couch and allow me to attempt to entertain her for the evening.  For above light garment, there lay the façade of a very, though cordial, and yet complimented with a smile, tough-girl persona, or should I say dilemma; for until, after habiliments lay on the couch,  there was the woman that possessed Mary, and I could not help but wonder how could such a delicate creature be the one in control.  So you can see me sitting there seeing her walk from one end of the room to the other on a few occasions, and each time I refused to pass up the opportunity to reconfirm what I was witnessing; hair that flowed down to sensuously curved shoulders, where it was just long enough to give way to an even more delicate back that touched perfectly round hips, and by the time that I did go from the back of her thighs to her feet, as she stood there; the absence of the stylishly fashionable shoes, and along with it, also the absence of the two to three inches that were also bought at that time, which I still cannot wonder why, for its absence did make the perfect woman, while I sat on the couch staring, yet hoping that I could consume as much as possible before having her turn around and wonder had I yet satisfied myself without her permission.
Moments later, as we set back on the couch continuing a conversation that would allow us to talk about many different aspects of life, yet, it did rang from an intimate strata; work to raising a family, frequenting home, Iran and back to Dubai; children and family, and like the virtuoso, that persona only relaxed at the tune of the nights cadence.  She had a ring that she kept playing with on her finger, more than just subconscious playing with, and thus after immediately noticing it, like her strut, catching me between pleasure and interest, I, not to think to quietly or too loudly, slowly had taken it out of her hand, held it between fingertips for a few seconds, and told her that this would be our occupation for the rest of our lives, when she quietly asked did I think it was possible; the questions having many avenues, yet it had me now trying to remember the words, as I found myself saying, with this ring I do wed to be my wife for the rest of my life, which she mutually allowed and condoned before sitting down and continuing our conversation into a nice Dubai summer‘s night.They were equally as beautiful and lovely, I remember asking one of them to marry me, you'll soon see that I will have asked just about each one of them to marry me, only to see them smile and discretely say no; every now and then, finding one bold enough to say 'sure', when they know that my mind is too far away to truly comprehend the acceptance at the moment, or they will ask ‘why', then have it merge into the next question.  And her friend, Nanya, asked the rhetorical; 'Do you want to get married', as she saw my mind drifting away from the same question that I had posed to her earlier, with me only vaguely hearing it and truly hearing it rhetorically, for a number of reasons; the main one, is that she had me over infatuated with her personality; and ironically enough, not only by her beauty, for Nanya is a very beautiful young lady, and not only by her youth, for she's young and contains the spiritual prowess of the spider; be it brown recluse or black widow, being pernicious, but yet soft, eloquent and delicate; making the mind defend before giving in to her.  For the affair with her friend had seem to be causing unforeseen problems, one that had me confused, but because I had felt that feeling so frequently that she was displaying,  I thought I was looking at a mirror image of myself, and though it reflected what I often feel; regrettably the dilemma of the dichotomous thin line of love and turmoil, brought on by being touched by someone; but the longevity of it staring back at me for what I might have done, broke the trance of that reflection and caused me to now ponder on my recent behavior, and though I could find none inordinate, it still perpetuated itself, where I was almost paralyzed from surprise that I could have transferred the monster that I elude on a daily basis to a young lady that I had now began to truly care about.
Nanya lives in Dubai's Deira district, where this is now taking place; a city in the UAE (United Arabic Emirates) , once ruled by His Highness Sheikh Rashid bin Saeed Al Maktoum and now run by his heir, his son; His Highness Sheikh Hamdan bin Rashid Al Maktoum, who has  just over a few decades, turned Dubai into one of the world's leading economic ports where a financial and business district snakes along the city's waterway called the Creek, that many refer to as the Manhattan Skyline, which also brings in the bulk of the city's imports.  And the small lobby of the Ambassador is now becoming full; an eloquent and comfortable hotel, where you will see many people from many walks of life visit, from your average business guru, to a family vacationing in Dubai, where mom is dressed in the traditional black abbaya, along with the shayla covering her head; the gishwa; a thin black veil covering her face, rather than the burqa, which is made of a stiffer material, though I have, since I've been there, and I guess it's becoming part of a trendier fashion, if I'm correct, seen them now made out of a shaded synthetic plastic material.  Dad's head is covered with a gutra, which the men wear around their head, tied with an igal, the black woolen head-rope and wearing the kandoura, the ankle length traditional male white skirt.  The little ones will be mirror images of their parents, of course, just smaller, enjoying the fun of having gotten out for a while, and thus the lobby and dining area of this strategically placed hotel, which serves locals and tourist alike, has now become domicile; home, if only for a little while.
Anna sits there and stares; once my mind perceived her saying that I broke her heart; this is the woman that I asked to marry me, and who replied ‘no', and whom I have not seen afterwards until this very day.  And now, what the social psychologists would sometimes call an echo-niche; a group of men an women living in the same area/neighborhood, with many common bonds and interest, is now staring back at me as one;  and her friend, Nanya, now being the leader of this constituency with each second that goes by, and which becomes more foreign each time the smallest of the hands move clockwise, and with it, all routes and exits being closed here and abroad; for I was in the process of calling home on an hourly basis for assistance.
Like the true protector of the flock, she, Nanya, first honors those she is with, and with it, allowing darkness to rule that hour of my life before she comes over, sits on side of me and if only in a twinkle of an eye, being salvation on earth, the same one that was delivered two thousand years ago.  Or as Immanuel Kant would articulately state, that ('Enlightenment is man's emergence from his self-imposed immaturity.  Immaturity is the inability to use one's understanding without guidance from another.  This immaturity is self-imposed when its cause lies not in lack of understanding, but in lack of resolve and courage to use it without guidance from another.  Have courage to use your own understanding! ' - that is the motto of enlightenment.)     On my spiritual quest that I have been on for only a little over a decade, on any man's or woman's quest, it is the ultimate presence of the quest; to go into a situation that is either on the verge or has turned tumultuous, and deliver a resolution, where it is either resolved or the worst is kept at bay until it can be resolved, and more virtuously enough, where everyone, simultaneously is at calm. And thus I go back into that prayer and add, The Year of The Peacemaker.  She sat there and as if surprised after asking did I want to talk to her friend, as I said, somewhat shocked when I said yes, which meant that everyone, until she asked, had thought that there was a mutual and pessimistic feeling floating around the room.  She then asked me could she come up to the room with me; I told her yes and we walked up together; I only tell further because she keeps being surprised at myself being the opposite of what she had thought; the vulgar monster that had fallen in love with her friend, and somewhere between he and her, the Heaven's providentially allowed it to be misinterpreted, so when all has given up on this situation, which is now spiraling into oblivion, Excalibur is pulled from the rock by the true heiress.
And of course from that exhilarating initial meeting, we continued being friends and have had nice quiet talks about life; I was showing her a video of my family, and was glad to have her give me the opportunity to think about them for an extended period of  time, and in amusing retrospection, remembered telling her how much I loved them; even having a chance to have such a long conversation these days are rare, and it takes time to get somewhat of a rhythm going for something so intimate; stating that, after seeing pictures of each one of them, that this was my mother, the love of my life, until I find a wife; ironically enough when the concierge knocked on the door, she told him we were going to get married, prudently reflecting on what I had said; I then went on to say, as we were scrolling through pictures and videos, that these are my two beautiful sisters; I called my oldest niece my girlfriend and my youngest niece, a lovely little girl, whose face has launched a thousand ships, the Helen of Troy, even saw her humorously react when a picture of a young lady who also lives in Dubai named Niva popped up on screen, and I said that this is Bad Girl Niva.  She then showed me a picture of her little boy back in Chechnya, about fourteen years old, a nice and studious looking young man, whom I would have loved to have met, and a picture of the countryside where she grew up, along with family and friends.  I had already, by the time that I had met Nanya, incorporated Anna into the other book that I am working on as one of my lead characters, and not to dare compare the two, for they are two unique people, from different worlds.  Yet after meeting Nanya, and thinking about her, and the time we spent together, I found in her most of the things that I was looking for; for she totally caught me off guard, things not found in a woman, for the qualities pervade gender, or man, but in someone special that I had been searching for, especially since starting what I have called my quest, for a long time.  So as not to forget, I ran back to the computer, searched through the files and opened up the unfinished work, took one of the lead characters that I truly enjoyed working on, and thus, changed her name to Nanya, where of course I will go and only add to its' character with the life of this special young lady called Nanya.The Next Phase
Rita's Song
On one of my many, though I would like to say, rare attempts at trying to either leave or return as scheduled, and it just so happens, Dubai has become the place for my ever present futile attempts at trying to board a plane on time.  Even at this moment, I sit here, having supposed to have left a day earlier and at this very moment, still not exactly sure when I will be leaving.  I stand today in the same spot that I was standing on the day of my departure from here last time; saying that I can't believe this is happening again; it happens every time, and something that I had to note before continuing, (this amusing thought that broke my concentration of exasperation when finally giving up and trying to write to forget about it all until tomorrow)   about the story of a lady that I will only have a short time to write about before sending this on to the publisher for printing; but couldn't go on without telling you about a woman whom I met while on my trip from the Middle East, heading  to Europe, and fortunately enough to have been able to see her one more time on my way back  here (to the U.S.)   or should I say farther East, to Iraq before returning.
She walked in when I was ordering a cup of coffee before going out into the city to buy, amongst other things, guitar strings, for this new found passion of mine, (after having made attempts at playing the guitar, piano, keyboard and the trumpet, which I think is still broken, least that's what I say rather than trying to give an example as to why it, the trumpet, only sits on the top shelf of the closet at my mother's place.) , though I should have been heading back several days ago; I quietly repeat this to myself, hoping that, least next time, it will help.  Yet she, Rita, walked up just like myself and ordered coffee, glanced over for a brief second, which I only caught out of the corner of my eye, and continued to sip.  With only one or two other people in the room, I began staring at her, surreptitiously, but on a few occasions to find her discretely looking my way, and with a subtle smile where I began to wonder had, although I noticed her when she walked into the place, ordered and took her first sip, had I mis-queued and noticed her serendipitously late; for I did, after moments of thinking about it, walk over, and at her acceptance, ordered more to drink and began a dialogue into a world of a beautiful woman from Armenia; who has me call her by the familial appellation, Rita.
Today the place is empty basically, one or two people leaving, a few passing in and out, but this is the beginning of summer; and because Dubai is basically nice and warm year round, it attracts many peoples from the continent of Europe to the Far East and from Africa to the Indian subcontinent, especially to its famous beaches and tourist attractions.  Though in the Middle East to talk about the weather is still traditionally a delicate situation; it can easily, on many days, reach over one hundred and twenty, even a hundred and thirty degrees; it gives a new meaning to saying, well I grew up in Texas, at least you don't have the humidity, but I also have truly become accustomed to it, even more so being an avid jogger, where I'll, like a lot of others, put on a pair of shorts and go for an afternoon jog.  But  writing, and truly growing up in Texas with a rather diverse climate ourselves, though on a nice hot summer, reaching only about one hundred and fifteen, I automatically have it in just about every paper I write, basically being a sun worshiper, and had thus written about it several times of course before being told, to speak of it with added prudence.  And thus, the lights are prudently turned off in certain parts of the building; the needed light squeezing through the stenciled letters on the doors and windows, along with the aroma of giant skewed slabs of either chicken, beef or mutton walking in each time the door opens from the restaurant exactly adjacent, and it gives that invitingly dark and cool feeling that can only be appreciated on days like this.  Any other time, the room would be filled with many people; men, equally as many as the beautiful women that frequent the place, adding the missing pleasure to the romantically shadowed coolness of the day.
A nice cool red and white shirt, red pants, fitting sensuously stylish on her, it forced a meticulous and playful pan from head to toe that was met with soft white shoes and a robust walk of prowess; and that picture for many reasons, a few which I shall shortly explain, engrained on both the mind and heart.  One, though I can't truly tell while sitting down; how tall she is.  I am six feet tall, though automatically knowing that I'm  taller; but until I walked over and introduced myself did I truly realize it.  And two; at least, the second reason, is that being about five feet tall, a pleasant difference in height; the height, walk and persona, being very familiar, and if it were not for the romantically foreign accent, auburn hair, and several thousand miles away, she could have been the incarnation of a past affair, facetiously speaking; marriage.  Though like anyone finally moving again, it is welcomed, for it brings fresh images, not of the past, but the future, without remorse of seeing something familiar of days being perpetually secured; and knowing that now they may be used as life pleases; once again bringing pleasure and fortunately enough, more than the ability to imbibe a lovely young woman from Armenia who now is willing, besides sharing the future with me, also a cup of tea and  a nice cordial conversation.
The atmosphere there in this small, though quite pleasant café, is a very cordial and relaxed one;  I have since I first stopped there on several trips to and from the states (US) , checked in, ordered a shisha, I think apple flavored tobacco and a hot cup of Turkish coffee, and have made The Ambassador my domicile away from home, least away from work, since working overseas requires that you live there, and thus you will get to know many of the residents that frequent this café and live nearby.  I would sit for hours, watching TV and sipping on something nice, I'm often invited to a game of pool, if not from the cook from India, one of the local residents of the Diera District, and if you have seen, as they say, seen me play, you would understand that it's much more than just a game of pool but a token of welcome and the beginning of a friendship, though it will be more discretely shared than openly expressed; especially when the last shot of the game, which I'm winning up until that point, amusingly ends with either a Minnesota Fats or Willie Misconi super, duper trick shot, and a smile until next time from the host.
Rita will be noticed and missed as we escape the TV, conversations and patrons playing at the video games; there is a bond of camaraderie that also acts as a firewall against insecurities of friendships long shared.  And thus, we are now sitting down on either side of a small coffee table, facing an opened curtained window, (where you probably wouldn't dare wave at the neighbors, but could certainly if you tried)   and continuing our litany into one another's lives.
And that conversation will lead to a house that she desires to build in Armenia, probably along with Mom, a sister and a brother, and though I offered to buy, if I had the resources at the moment, and live with Mom, sister and brother; though she only agreed for a two to three day trial period, and to be tour guide if that was enough that either of us could handle, though I thought it was quite amusing, she did seem sincere and made me promise if I did decide to go there that I would give her a call, and she even gave me the number to her sister's house, where if I could not get in touch with her, I could call her home.
I think she somehow knew me from a past life, or she was truly the incarnation of the last affair, though vaguely in height and stature with a genuine politeness which caused me to almost literally beg her, after taking the time while in the shower sponging down my back with soap and warm water, to come back in so that I could have the pleasure of returning such a sweet gesture.  And after a nice shower on a warm Dubai afternoon,  I made her lay down with only bath towel so that I could easily message her back and shoulders, which I was glad that she seemed to have relaxed from as she lay quiet and still.  After a few moments of hoping, while on top of her, that she was truly enjoying one of the many gifts that we had shared with one another since meeting downstairs only hours ago, she opened her eyes, where in that very instant while enjoying the pleasure of having my fingers sink into the nice, soft and pink flesh of a fragile frame, I could hear her quiet request that would have me reach over, while still on top as she is now laying on her back and now looking at me while I'm now slowly but passionately making love to her and add a sweet melody to love making.  And though I tried to escape; only in mind without attempting at this plea that would give love immortality and tantalize the soul, she would not release me.  And as I slowly and articulately strummed, as if a virtuoso, she also, to the rhythm of the guitar, the request, the acceptance, the performance of having one hand lightly upon her shoulder, and the other at her request to melody which we both desired as she lay holding me inside of her; condoning her approval.  And as I and Heaven's orchestra conclude only the music which we had created for her, I grabbed her in my arms and as my fingers slid off of the last string, no longer with the discipline to restrain lust, love and passion, now grabbing both of her legs; she, now grabbing both of my arms, with a sincere, lustful and passionate smile, in a low and intense roar, bringing us back from the duns of beautiful Dubian dessert.
She said that she wanted a gift from me; and it is always on my mind, though many times I forget to share something lasting that will make someone truly remember you and the time that was shared.  I hadn't been shopping much and had brought only one suitcase with me, but hurried over as we were about to head back downstairs, opened it up and began to search fervidly, and ironically remembered that last time I was there, just before heading to France for a week, that I had bought what the sells lady told me was called a martyr's ring.  there was a young lady sitting at a table with me one day or so before I left to catch the plane, and she was playing with a ring that she had taken off of her finger and then rolling it from one hand to other on the table, and it accidentally rolled my way; catching it before it rolled to the edge of the table and politely handing it back to her.  Therefore while I was visiting one of the temple near the famous Place de la Concorde, L'église Sainte-Marie-Madeleine  (The Church of Saint Mary Madeleine))   where just after entering through the archway, there was a small concession, I bought one for myself, and couldn't help but think about how cute it was seeing the young lady playing with the ring, and though I knew that I would probably not see her again, I bought another one, saying that I would give it to her, or would certainly give it to one of the lovely young ladies there, which I'm sure they would have enjoyed.  But I searched, and couldn't find it; I bring it up because I recently did find it, and wondered why I didn't see it when wanting to give it to Rita.  But there was a pair of pretty little slippers that I had bought for my niece, with the head of one of the cute cartoon characters on it, which I'm sure she would have known which one it was; and thus thought twice, and felt that the extra special meaning behind it would make the perfect gift to give to her, where she immediately put them on and truly enjoyed wearing them.  So I grabbed a small bag and placed them in it for her before giving her a kiss and a hug good-bye.
I met Rita a few times after that...; and as I said, this is only a brief story of our first meeting.
Love, OtadomIt's simply amusing, even amazing how we sometimes politely persuade ourselves that we understand that which has not been spoken.  Whether it's a week or two, and it becomes more apparent in months, how much we think of, care about, and finally admit how much we love them.  Our families that nourish us, our neighbors that subtly support us and the city that we didn't' fall in love with until the first time that we left.
Each year we try like our parents did when we were children, to tell them how much they are loved, how much we care, and how much they truly have.
The cool weather and beautiful skies can be
enlightening, causing a brood somewhat pensive.
But juxtaposed to the clouds and the stars,
I saw a reflection of myself in a view
somewhat comprehensive.
Faces past and present, which can neither
be moved by counseling nor calisthenics;
The faces of the affined, the strangers,
as well as those which are intrinsic.
But to keep this vat of souls as one whole piece,
requires the ancillary of a boltrope;
Tethered to my soul, requires the adroitness
of the Chamois, the goat who climbs with hope.
Hilda, I can confirm, raised the sun, fed its children, and then dressed us with the rest of her mind body and soul,
Then after the midnight shift, the rest was left for being a woman, a friend, and for some, a goal.
Now the sun has a few more hands, but we still come around to assure her that the advice she earned was veritable,
And leave with even more confidence and faith, for to us, we still consider her the most beautiful.
Clinton (Sr.)     led us to the steeple, sang the hymn;
preached the parochial rule.
And between work and his destiny, steered us through the darker days, and to lighten up a few more, drove us to school.
If I had to weigh all of our past the same, the distance would be as long as the road the iron-stead and he did drive,
And seen through him, the strength and wisdom, which keeps
us perpetually aware and attuned to life as we push and strive
Barbara kept the promise we all make,
which is to serve God, her people and to try to do her best,
Took the rest of life's answers like the good mother, fed it to her children so they could do the rest.
Joshua has already calmed our greatest burden
by capturing the respect and understanding
even as a child. With a canonized hunger for scholarship,
fervid spirit, and a heart which is compassionate and mild.
Desiree will simply impress you with
discrete empathy, an inquisitive
nature but mainly for the truth;
She also emanates a unique and
warm personality, and one which is
canonized with ruth
Diane, like the soldier's paradigm, set
standards at home and abroad for all to emulate;
Because she realizes it's only part
of life, that standard remains mandate.
Solomon now becomes a paragon
of faith, for he and his cohorts must
transcend the greatest of transitions;
But even before he takes the stage, we
would like to bless him and them and
request they remain a class of academicians.
Sibil ensures that many around the
world will make the right choice, as they brood
on life; the great quest.
And after listening to her, they'll make the right
choice, helped by a woman who always gives life her best.
Clinton Jr. pieced together puzzles
at the request of hearts on the road they
pray will lead to a more perfect day.
Now those pieces instead of being a
burden, is fashioned by his soul's mind to
help them to search for a better way.
Brenda, you would have to see through the eyes of
her children, to understand the real child inside;
And as those goals are reached, taught, dreamed, and shared, you would have to look into the eyes of their children to find one like her to confide
Nya has dreamed the dreams of scholars and
has nurtured them with wisdom and love
And every other one she'll have is
certain to follow for those before seem
to be guided from wisdom above.
Kevin's gift is somewhat philanthropic,
a step beyond love and empathy,
as well as one in the right direction
His greatest quest seems to be realizing
that gift will take him also to dreams
if guided with virtue and affection
Gary Jr. (Capt. Lil Gary) , will be
the soul of all our hearts, embodied in
all that we believe and love,
And everyday he'll assure us that
we're right, as he pushes us to push him
to the stars above.
Gary (Sr.)     will lead many as he gaits
juxtaposed them dressed in diversity,
wit, and empathy;
And you'll find him in the midst of friends
and family, on life's highway, the road
to his goals and destiny.
Rebecca has already learned to pierce
hearts, especially when kind words and
sweet songs are the greatest touch of all,
And she'll always be welcomed, for a warm heart,
like the wind, is welcomed in spring, winter,
summer and fall.
Jerry has taken one more step, after
solving some of life's greatest enigmas,
But their greatest quest will be excepting
the title and blessings as one of life's greatest adnexas
Nancy, having finally made it
to the top of the 'Hill', came back down
to give the children a hand,
And after getting a hand from her fere,
made that trek a nation's and a world's
command.
Lally is a mother, wife, and friend,
which means she's a person with a good
heart and nice smile,
She has also confirmed our beliefs
and hopes when she and her family
decided to stay for a while.
Otradom: I'll continue to pursue my
goals, and let attitude vie to speak
for what I am inside,
And spend the rest of my life trying
to keep the answers together, and by
truth and wisdom try to abide.
The family of GoPe makes us care
beyond ourselves and in return extend
our lives and love;
So whether they are fish, birds, dogs,
cats, the hum of the beetles or the light
of the bugs, we are one when we look
above.
Otradom
Its constituents also eat of the
Tree of Virtue; A tree which tethers
the affined and the periphery
Impartially. Together they are God's
greatest gift.
PeloGoAt least to PoemHunter I'm dead
it refuses to do bio update, the date
is worng, it should be 30 June, but no
the page cannot be displayed, I will
make my peace with this
I have made my peace with everything
else that does not work out in my life
soft, green tendrils of life will eventually
find their way against the tide of dead
wood and dead skeletons...The day's tumultuous events caused Poreris to drift back to when his niece, Desiree, was a little girl, and remembering her Uncle, Bill; her dad's brother who would come over and visit.  One day while she was lying on the bed watching television, he walked into the room and began to talk to her.  Just before walking into the room, he pulled a Laura Bush biography of the shelf with the intentions of having her read a few pages for him, simultaneously trying to create an atmosphere and cordial pattern of picking up a book when she has free time, on the weekends when a child thinks, and should think that it's time to forget everything that happened academically, and without a doubt during the summer when most things will discretely fade out through the osmosis of a long, hot, relaxing vacation.
Her grandmother had a small bookshelf at the end of the hall way, about two or three shelves of books; each of a different genre; half that her Uncle Bill put there himself after reading, from Poe, to Melville, to an autobiography of the former Head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff; Colin Powel, who once said how ironic it was that his dad never owned a gun, yet his son becomes head of the most powerful military in the world; to Hillary Clinton a modern day female activist, former first lady and senator of New York.  At that moment, also trying to show by example, how to take the time and have reading becoming an entertaining event as well as an academic one, and thus he had also brought with him and was in the middle of a fourteen hundred and fifty page novel by Victor Hugo; Les Mieserables, though right about at the halfway point he said that he wished that he had either taken a speed reading course or had bought the abridged version.  And Condoleezza Rice, which he was telling a young lady named Shay that he met in Atlanta one day while passing through, whom he had a chance to have supper with one evening, that just halfway through the autobiography of her, Condoleezza Rice, that it had made him dizzy; she, as they say, has been everywhere and done everything, from a professor at Stanford University to Secretary of State; coming from a small conservative Christian family, and becoming a diligent female role model.  He would have given her it to read, but he was only halfway through and refused to let it go.
Desiree would remember him saying that 'He wasn't certain how they; kids viewed time, and how they saw it in relationship to the future; their future'.  They say that they have no true concept of time, or that was the teacher's way back then of explaining to us of how we sometimes seemed oblivious to the controlling of fate and manipulation of our destinies, the dreams of being teachers, firemen, doctors, lawyers and politicians attained rather than hoped for.'  She would hand him her progress report card, and it had mainly A's and B's, which he would say, 'That's great'.
At her age, and probably in the same classroom that she was now sitting in on a day to day basis, about thirty years ago, he ran down those same halls, and since the outside of the building had not changed very much, Poreris could precisely imagine seeing them there and literally speak of her and her cohorts walking back and forth from class to class and even stopping for lunch in the cafeteria, and could also remember what the inside of Othello Price's office, the head principle, looked like, unfortunately from being more truant than academic, though he was certain that he left the academy with a B average.  And thus most likely from that point, although not having graduated from a university, though he may have had about a couple of hundred credit hours from different schools and universities, and was still in the process of thinking about attaining a degree in some field between then and retirement, thus believing by that time in her life as it was in his, the pattern of having the ability and desire for learning, should have begun to become somewhat of a fixed foundation; though at that moment he had more of a conviction to a stern work ethic.
There was also an autobiography about three hundred pages long, which was of George W. Bush; the president.  And his wife about two hundred pages long, so he grabbed it; the one on his wife, Laura Bush; a light paperback, with vital information from a cultural to a political perspective, by a female role model, and thus Desiree began to read page one.
Because the First Lady was a librarian, a teacher, and had also formed and chaired a reading program, it was probably written to capture the attention of the youth as well, something that could easily be assigned as a reading project by either a teacher or parent.  Therefore there were only a number of words that she needed help with as he sat there listening to her read aloud.  He did the same with The Little Princess, one of the first books that he had bought her that he eventually read himself, thinking that he should not only buy them books, but just about read every page of each one that he had gotten them, and enjoy it equally as much.
TV is educational, the radio can equally be as informative as entertaining, and sitting down with a good book somewhat helps make a complete and healthy mind, though the lack of seeing them not as often enough with the latter is what prompted his interest in how they; Desiree and her brother, were doing academically.  He would say, ' I guess if you do good in school, and not do the latter of the above, reading as much as possible whenever the opportunity presents itself, it should be a forced extracurricular home chore'.
'Desiree, you are eleven years old, born June the 26th 1992, and I was fortunate enough to see you as a new born infant even before leaving the hospital; and seeing you over the years as your dad's only baby daughter, and only three years younger than your brother, and seeing y'all, who up until recently, looked almost like twins, talked alike and acted alike, though the only difference is due to the stronger will of biology that separates the two of you at the moment as you mature into young men and women.'
And while sitting there listening and thinking about the last eleven years of her life as an uncle and friend, he began to notice how she had become taller, as she held the book in her hands.  He first noticed how long and slender her fingers were; only a few days earlier, he had made her brother hold up his hand against his; at fifteen, he was just about as tall as his Uncle Bill and her fingers were just as long although more slender, and stopped her in the middle of reading and placed her palm against his and told her that she would probably be a doctor or a lawyer; that's what people use to say to those whom had unique hands.
Then he began to notice how much she had grown; he had always said that she and her brother had that athletic physique, thus noticing her legs, then arms, listening how she read while in reverie of the past eleven years that he had known her, then realized, or had noticed as a father would notice, who works, and spends more time seeing that everything is secure and happy, after mom, brother sister and friends, that his baby girl has already begun to blossom into a young lady; and still like that father, left at the moment, too speechless to say anything about it without having to admonish himself for not noticing it earlier, though he has heard it a thousand times, that one day it just happens, accepting that it happens even to those that you love, then stopping to realize that standing in the eye of the storm, there is a maturing beautiful young lady.All alone, i hide in lies.A Bio Chemistry of Digital Heart
I locked my heart
And forgot the password
How you got it to enter?
Atria and ventricle chambers
Interchange the coronary blood
Our hearts too have interchanged.
Handful only is our heart,
Depth and breadth
Are manifolds of the Ocean.
You told me to occupy a tiny point
But, you're flying all around my heart;
Like a butterfly leaving any single spot.
Thermal power, nuclear power
Hydroelectric power, which everyone knows
Heart electricity, feel it only now.
Intimacy compliments mutually in love
Gifted are the hearts in wet
Dried hearts will only rest.
My heart weighed so high
Flying easy now
Just because of you.From the lap like lotus
Chirping to see
The nest of the world
The infant squats and runs
Unknown to reality
He holds everything
As his own to made for him.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
An affinity in dawn and dusk
For years a few
Serves him for pleasure
In the world of heaven
And he explores
In his flights of feeling
False things as truth.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Prevention of pleasure
As the law of world
Comes to him
And opens his eyes
When he becomes a man
Who can raise his head
And hold things in his hand.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Complexity encompasses
His existence abroad
Like a gymnast in the ring
Twisting his another
He twists his own entity.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Unknown knowingly to his deeds
He remains engaged
Setting a goal after another
But false all
Thus the truth comes
And withdrawals him
From the complex ring.Inside our pockets
is the privacy of our own stones
outside our faces are the familiarities of
our traditions
when we party
we say the same words actually
we fear
other people's anger
we cannot afford to disappoint the
visitors of our
common faith
the usual mess will be there
part of the party you know
sometimes we let go
we let loose what is too tight in our necks
we spit what is bitter outside the windows of our
tongues
there is always time for restraint in a few glasses of
alcohol
there is a time to make our mouths shut up
tying our tongues like ropes on
the railings of the house
of civility
personally i do not like this party where we become
decent fools
choosing the words
afraid of the truth
always fearing that we should have broken some rules
of engagements
most of the time we deny what our hearts are looking for
cold hands hold another set of cold hands
empty heads bang with other empty heads
on hollow sounds of flattery
one time i left the room where the party is going on
it is 11: 10 in the evening and it has become too intolerable
i need to be alone inorder to be free
i imagine you and i love this atonement when you still do not mind
how i feel
i am complicating it so much restraint
because even if i am now outside everybody
i still retain
the decency of what is right and wrong which i always
carry around.Though i live far south of Claraghatlea my first home place
Where mine years ago was a well known face
Since the years have left me looking older and gray
Perhaps there i would be a stranger today
I have traveled a bit in my sixty six years life span
And though i have been to New Zealand and Britain and Japan
I have not been to Paris or Berlin or Rome
Big Cities not distant from my first Irish home
As a  teenager i lived and worked in New York for a few years
Where for Claraghatlea i did shed nostalgic tears
And here in Koroit in Victoria where i live today
The clock on my life does keep ticking away
Worked in woods in Muskerry and Duhallow felling spruce and pine trees
In temperatures often close to zero degrees
Worked on building sites and as a drainer and in the old Sherbrooke Shire
On travel towers lopping trees i worked hard for my hire
A brief bio in rhyme  of  my life that and  little else more
And i do feel my age now six years with three score
I have  traveled a bit since my life's journey began
But compared to some i am not a well traveled man.When to the ways of the world i was young and green
I left Millstreet and went to live and work in New York when i was eighteen
The wanderlust was in me even as a younger man
But back then i was young and healthy and full of youthful elan
But after two to three years in the City of New York
I was feeling homesick for Millstreet County Cork
with my brother Neil in Claraghatlea i worked for some time
As well as felling trees in state owned woods that is how i spent my prime
Worked in the wood by Mushera felling spruce and pine trees
In late Winter and early Spring in temperatures of near zero degrees
The winds of rain blowing from the north-lands and snow on the higher ground
It was indeed a hard old way for to earn an honest pound
Worked in woods in Kilavullen and in west Cork in Reainaree
But in mid life the wanderlust was in me for others Lands to see
I headed off to England for Australia i was bound
To do a bit of traveling far south of my home ground
I am one who has worked one might say doing this and that
Worked for my friend Michael Kelleher on pipelines in Buninyong near Ballarat
Worker for awhile in Melbourne with a construction company known as C D L
It is not of successful career jobs that are mine of for to tell
Worked in construction and on cherry pickers  in the Yarra Ranges near high powered electric cables trimming back trees
Worked in all sorts of weather temperatures from very cool to a humid close to forty degrees
I worked in various other jobs the list could go on and on
But now that all behind me since my better days are goneAlex
Affectionate,
Understanding,
Thoughtful.
Wishes to see the good in everyone.
Dreams of thought behind words,
Yearns to see the heart behind the eyes.
Who wonders if the grass is greener on the other side,
Who fears to find out.
Who is afraid of fear,
Who likes the warmth of a friend's given heart.
Who believes in his prayers.
Who loves his best friends,
Who loves all of his friends.
Who loves the sound of laughter,
Who loves the music of the heart.
Who plans to be a father,
Who plans to be a husband,
Who plans to be a hero.
The friendship and memories I have
Are the things held by my heart in a
Box marked Forever.I was brutally beaten up by a beast
Whom my mother brought in home
When I was thirteen
Instead of being grown in love and care
Since then I continued to bleed
As immediacy next year
I was raped by my neighbour
Instead of playing in the fields
I was bleeding between my legs
Now at the age of twenty four
I bleed from my eyes
As they show my rape- movie every day at night
I can not remain awake
The haunting scenes flashed back as memories
Nor I go for sleep as  my  dream plays back
What I have stored in my memories
Already twice I took knife
To cut short this horrible life
But each time I failed to say good byes
As appears the face of my child in my eyes.A tentative bio:
caught fireflies,
read till dawn,
fell in love with weirdos,
cried buckets of tears
for reasons unknown,
birthed two daughters
by seven men.
Translation Steven SeymourMuch propagated biological weapon!
It is virus and made by science as poison!
Poisons were used deliberately to defeat;
Such weaponry often used to deadly hit!
To kill the enemy in anguish is primitive!
Lesser chances with plaque, anthrax to live!
To accelerate pollution, water contamination;
Such can rapidly spread in people by air born!
They call such non-conventional weapon;
But who cares to weaken enemy population?
It's a sad joke to implicate ethics in the war!
War mongers, soldiers in wars, hyenas are!
Who monitors what they during war for victory?
Who showed when humanity for enemy country?
They successfully used virus of Cholera in wars,
Germs of Plague, small pox were used as killers!
Various germs were used to create death fear;
Brutal games done, to make enemies to surrender!
For the record, you got pink eyes during wars,
Mustard gas and chemicals were used by soldiers!
They used masks as you saw but you never did;
You had no place to run and you never hid.
Now you know who used chemical and bio weapon?
Since a long time, enemies did air and water pollution!
Bio and chemical weapons used to terrorize with fear;
In order to win, it is important that enemies surrender!Bio-data_ First request
First request to read face lines
Simple smile
Tuesday,25th February 2020
When it comes to writing
there is always infighting
in which way to present
and the correct impression to be sent
when I claim to be very close
and pose
for the face lines to be read
it certainly provides me lead
she has dreams of future
that she assures
to take place
and keep smile on her face
the face reflects
real happiness
with the sign of contentment
and resolve on her part to keep it permanent
she is simple girl
with dedication to turn
the events in favor
and never to feel sour
life has provided her an opportunity
and she has real thanks for an almighty
she also may be having soft corner for the humanity
and this earns her the [lace in the community
Hasmukh MehtaHasmukh Mehta-Bio-data
Monday,24th February 2020
I am ex-serviceman from Indian Air Force and now devoting on poems.I have received two gold medals from India and so far composed nearly 24000 poems.It is my passion and hobby writing.I have an art of reading face lines and can compose on the spot verses.I have composed on my several friends.You need to give me front pose for composition. I am 73 years of an age. I am widow and currently living at Ahmedabad, Gujarat (India)
I have novel way of dealing with the creation.
If any publisher wants to take up the task.I shall surrender the profit to that organization
wishing you all the bestCURRICULUM VITAE
Name: 	Matloob Bokhari
Rank	: 	Air Commodore
Decoration	: 	Sitare-e-Imtiaz (Military)
Date of Birth	: 10 April,1958
Date of Commission	: 	14 November 1985
Address: 	Air Commodore Matloob Bokhari (Retd)
House No.12, Street No.19, DHA 1,
Near Fauji Foundation, Rawalpindi.
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION
	MA English Literature
	MA Teaching English as a Foreign Language
	Postgraduate Course for Professional Studies (University of Birmingham, UK) {Especially, studied the module of Academic Writing for writing research papers}
CAREER HISTORY / APPOINTMENTS
	Assistant Chief of the Air Staff (Education)
	Director of Education PAF, AHQ Peshawar
	Principal / Vice Principal, PAF Cadet College, Sargodha
	Officer Commanding, Pre-Trade Training School, Kohat
	Chief Instructor, Junior Command and Staff School, Peshawar
	Head of English Dept /Chief Instructor, King Faisal Air Academy, Riyadh
	Senior Instructor PAF Academy, Risalpur
EDITING EXPERIENCE
	The Story of Pakistan Air Force (Edited the History of Pakistan Air Force)
	History of PAF Academy, Risalpur
	 Editor, PAF Journal Shaheen
	Editor, PAF Journal Repertory
	 Editor, Flight Safety Newsletter
	Editor, PAF Academy Journal Pervaz
	Editor, PTTS magazine Nigah-e-Buland
KEY STRENGTH
	Conducted workshops for Fazaia Teachers on latest Pedagogical skills
	Conducted workshops on modern concepts of English Language Teaching for Fazaia teachers
	Conducted workshops on leadership for F15 Pilots (RSAF)
	Member Board of Governors, Federal Board of Intermediate and Secondary Education, Islamabad
	Member Selection Committee, Air University, Islamabad
	Organized Functions like All-Pakistan Declamation Contest, CAS Award Ceremony, Painting Exhibition, Parents' Day and seminars of national level
	Can conduct workshops on technical writing for conducting research
	Won position of writing best essay in Joint Staff Essay Competition
	My articles and poems featured in various international Journals; especially, my poem Woman published in world famous London Magazine
COURSES
	Senior Command and Staff Course, Air War College
	Junior Command and Staff course, JC&SS Badaber
	Basic Staff Course, JC &SS Badaber
	English Language Course, College of Education
	IT Cum Supervisory Course, College of Education
	Diploma Teaching English as a Foreign Language, UGC
BOOKS, RESEARCH PAPERS AND ARTICLES
	The Luminous Love (Short Stories)
	Flowers in Flames (Poetry)
	Dreams and Studies (Book on Education)
	Rise and Fall of the Muslims' Academic Institutions: Some Suggestions for Improvement (Research Paper)
	Human Rights Education in the Pedagogy of Feudal Lords (Research Paper)
	 Mat Model of Educational Leadership (Research Paper)
	The Eternal Light (Research Paper)
	Transition From Grammar Translation Method to Communicative Language Approach (Research Paper)
	The Holy Man Model of Military Leadership (Research Paper)
	The Light Givers in the Depth of Darkness (Article)
	Freedom - A Priceless Gift (Article)
	Mischief Makers- The Scum of Earth (Article)
	Making Education Meaningful (Article)
	Pursuit of Knowledge in Islam (Article)
	The Hero of Skies
HONOURS AND AWARDS
	Sitare-e-Imtiaz (Military)
	Chief of the Air Staff Commendation Certificate 02
	Letter of Appreciation - 06
	Khitab-e-Shukar Waltaqdeer (Royal Saudi Air Force Award)
	Certificate of Achievementawarded byCentre for Educational Assessmentand Testing Services (CEATS)
	Certificate of Commitment awarded by World Wildlife Fund(WWF)
	Certificate of Appreciation (Global System for Educational Assessment)
	Certificate of Honour andGold Coin byInternational Kangaroo LinguisticContest
	Certificate of Honour (International Bebras Informatics Contest
	WonBritish Council International School Award for the college
	During my tenure, students got 63 gold medals,32 silver medals,143 bronze medals,56 distinguished shields,02 tablets,03 drone cameras,01 book set and cash prize of Rs 85,000 in National and International Contests. Teachers got a cash prize Rs.1,42,660.
	In Sports, the college also remained at the top in Northern Zone.
	Chief of the Air Staff Trophyfor Best Primary Section amongstFazaia Schools and Colleges
	Chief of the Air Staff TrophyforProducing Second Best Resultin HSSCin Fazaia Chain
	Chief of the Air Staff TrophyChampion Trophy for Overall Best Institution among all Fazaia Schools and Colleges
	Principal of the Year Certificate andShield by Centre for Educational Assessmentand Testing Services (CEATS)
E - Mail and Mobile No.
Matloob31@hotmail.com
Mobile No.0346 59 55 038
Date of Birth 10 April 1958
CNIC..61101-1916119-9All life on earth is under threat
The threat is turning more real
More species are turning extinct
The environs needs protection
Pollution must abate somehow
Preserve the flora and fauna
Do not disturb their habitats
Bio-diversity is good
Life-forms must be sustained on earth
Put a brake on loss of this wealth
Ensure survival of species
Reduce poverty in the world
Many species are now extant
Crops shouldn’t replace precious forests
Global warming must be reduced
Humans should not encroach forests
The forests that our Nature grew
Can’t be re-grown by human crew
Forest fires destroy species
The people’s boom is nature’s doom
‘The beauty of the forests deep
Cannot be pried men who peep
When combine-harvesters do reap
All earthlings must lament and weep’
Forests flora cleanse up the air
Nature can endure and can cure
Nature can salvage and ravage
Man must not alienate natureI am eagle
Elegant
Graceful
Fearless
Soaring sky
I love corpse
of humans and animals
My body and eyes
work in tandem
I have amazing eyesight
I am a symbol of
beauty, bravery,
courage, honour,
pride, determination.
And I am the "King of the skies"Energy exists in different forms:
Thermal energy, electrical energy,
Magnetic energy, chemical energy,
Wind energy, solar energy and et al.
Bio-energy consists of chemical,
Thermal, electric, magnetic energy.
Bio-energy confines to bodies
And is distinct from their counterparts
That exist outside the living bodies
In that it as a unit cannot exist
Without the living mass in any way,
That it ceases when bodies disintegrate,
And that it transmits through reproduction.
Bio-energy is only expandable.Plants consume elements.
Animals consume plants.
Microbes eat both till to minerals.
This is the cycle of bio-force.
Individual death is least mattered.
07.08.2003You’re a biohazard baby
You became a blood sister
With the devil
When you were only three
You’re a biohazard baby
And I can’t believe that
Your evil heart has infected me
You’re a biohazard baby
You tainted my heart
With bloody misery
You’re a biohazard baby
With a PhD in breaking hearts
And you are handing out degrees
You’re a biohazard baby
They tested your blood
It came back type E-
For as evil as can be
You’re a biohazard baby
A transfusion can’t clear
The bad blood
Between you and me
You’re a biohazard baby
And you’re trying to
Suck the lovin'
Out of me
You’re a biohazard baby
Why don’t you
Bring your evil loving heart
Right here to me
Your a biohazard babyHis substance is of wits,
Eyes sculped in knowledge. Teeth
Of wisdom, cracking the nuts of
Intellectual boredom, such stuff
Which had had many in loneliness.
He'd made the path in zealousness.
He'd explored nature and human,
Celestials and the Inhuman.
He'd paved a path priced per pint
Of fame, emptied on his footprint.
He'd travelled not by leg, but by wits through spheres.
He's none but WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE.
18: 03: 18: 15: 41A tale of a human God,
Whose tail with immortality coiled.
He'd left his cloak beyond,
And visited an hemisphere to lend one.
Rag of rags was he girded in:
Not by force, but his unwilling wish.
He'd made a league with the reserved,
And even battered himself for the undeserved.
He's yet who he is,
Though many call him a name that's not his.
He's Yahuah's salvation,
(For blessed is he who come
In the name of Yahuah; his form)
But 'Jesus' had many taken him to be in misconception.
He'd done his task, and removed the scar,
He's no one than 'YAHUSHUA'.
18: 03: 18: 15: 51Once a time upon itself,
The wave of conception had blown
And outweighed a fair self,
Who to pregnance was loaned.
Then she did bore a berry,
That's achetyped to the southern cherry.
(It's shape like the mortal,
And his wits like the immortal.)
What was brought forth by the self,
Was no other person but my veryself.
And then i'd grown and still growing.
The berry is now in poetry glowing.
And one day the berry would be ripe for the teeth,
And either death or rapture shall eat it.
18: 03: 18: 20: 04the story
there is none....
i am thinking.....Bio Mass.
I have had an intimate connection with effluence or
to use a more proper word, shit of the animal kind
I could by the aroma alone know which animal had
passed the track. Most animal dung smell is sweet
except dogs they have lived so long amongst us they
even crap likes us, but dogs love their own excrement
so much they even eat it. Horses` evacuations are like
rare wine and you promise yourself to buy a horse
when you can buy a bigger garden or vines that
have been fertilised by foals’ morning pee. Having had
your hands  in the muck nothing  can offend you.One of the oldest families
Best known for their good Irish name;
Lived in this house on this land,
Grandsons planned to do the same.
Three worn, corner-chipped, porch steps
Stacked up to an aging screen door
That squeaked when I opened it,
Closed slowly as I crossed the floor.
A pull chain lit the darkness
In the small bedroom I called mine;
Where I dreamed of tomorrow,
Thought out how I'd cross finish lines.
The back yard was my sports field,
Had shade trees and low limbs to dodge;
Cement strips weeds grew between
Led from the street to this garage.
This house won't last forever
And strangers might live on this land;
But folks won't forget me
'Cause they shook my grandfather's hand.Sperm is meant to swim.
Ovum can reject or accept.
It never condemns.
Bull is meant to chase.
Cow can yield or flee.
It never scorns.
Man is meant to advance.
Woman can assent or descent.
But the woman alone betrays.
Shed virtuous posture;
Follow bio nature.
17.10.99Unknown Biographies
_______________________________
A number of unknown biographies
I have read in my very prime
Some were whiten with lime
Others were shrouded in crime
All mingled in the same breez
Of death and flew in unknown sky.
_______________________________
Leaves of those biographies
Some are fading other lash
Still lingers in my mind with flash
Strike at my entity and clash
With my soul that fills tears in my eyes
And wet my sorrunding moist with gloom.
_______________________________
Some of them are melodious
I still listen them playing string of my heart
And I bow, of course, they were expert
With the skill with a bit of dirt
All were intelligent and conscious
But unknown to all like mystery.
_______________________________
A number of biographies are common
Loaded with household full of toil
With friends and relative like coil
Still fragrant to me they whril
And looks at me and summon-
They are waiting to cling me.Wykeshia
Anonymous, Benevolent, Glamorous, and Promiscuous
Lover of Bobby Valentino, Bratz Diamondz, and Poetry
Who feels Sexy, Fine, and Independent
Who needs Money, Car, and Be More Successful
Who fears Horror Movies, Snakes, and Death
Who gives Respect, Honor, and Love
Who would like to see Bobby Valentino in Baton Rouge,
Myself looking like a real Diamond Angel
and Myself as one of the members of Disturbing Tha Peace family
whenever I'm going for my music career.
Resident of Clinton, La
McCallisterSoft as an easy chair,
Fresh as a morning air,
There's something I want to share,
It's Jesher I can't compare.
She grows in the city of good luck,
Aplace for better companionship,
Gingoog City with love,
The heart of native land.
Her treasures and keep
a happy family that complete,
Samayla and you will see,
From Rosario and Rodelio she flees.
Her character as a woman,
Ran after by man,
Captures the heart of everyone,
But gives her heart to only one.
She's a good friend to remind you,
Big sister to abide you,
Seek and you shall find,
She knows what is the best for mankind.
She never forgets to pray,
When she's down in astray,
GOD always follows her way,
For her to be famous one day.This 5ft girl may be short,
but she has the heart as big
as a building.
people think she's small minded,
but they don't know jack.
looks can be deceiving.
mess with her, make the ambulance
stitch ya tissue or have a bag stuck
on your hip to crap through.
shown you once, show it again if
she gotta.
she only respects those who are
respectful to her.
she loves to meet new people,
her mind is set on her obsession.
her old brother tells her to just smile
and win your obsession.
live life.Many of you out there
will have encountered a world of calamity and ruin
with one last gasp at the end of it
and clearly labelled the instructions:
“this Day the Suprise Transport”
“port Saild from this”
and so on.
Not on our planet
yet still
that destination lingers –
terminus,
“animae viles, a sort of
excrementitious mass, that could be projected,
and accordingly was projected –  ”
as detritus, cast “from the depth of a shipwreck”
floundering in the blast of an abandoned broadcast –
“Sudden effluvial aftermath here. Have encountered
daze without number...” – doomed
emission, vast dump “which departs from itself”
as a wheezed, unavoidable, looming
exhalation – insidious galactic bloom
whose drift is a swift mutation aboard that
soundtrack lumbering in the background,
strange clank or muffled boom
heralding a dank impending cloudbank possibly
or black-and-white photograph taken on the moon,
featuring I, quaint blip,
feinted relic ’mid dim reverberations
e.g. ghost in portalled tomb
whose blundered destination
plunges on – old death throes
rattle in the deep,
where the dice cup heaves up sleep I’m leaving.
Denizens, sensitive as always, I remain
captain of the spaceship
“Isle of Destolation”
creepily dotted about my photo – where it roams,
approximations of despair breathing malice
pass by in the wake of an interest
I no longer maintain, who fondly recall
how to comb myself and shave my hair
and park my coat and hat in the hall.
Sincerely I resemble all those
who have written to me with letters of condolence,
whether edifice or orifice, bit or whole.
“Though alien drones and foreign hums
within me thrive... ”
strange feeling of sudden distinction was creeping upon me
convinced of its authenticity,
spurting up like a hideous gas
and the whole mass imploding
into its own brief fumes.
Oddly,
I began my radio career
as a swarm of bees.
Some still speak of it
and I go on and on about it,
as befits my condition.
For example, this transmission explains
why someone of approximately my own
age and intelligence suddenly
led me across the large laboratory,
Firkon, Zuhl and the others all following.
Frankly I could have disintegrated
in a pilot’s suit of the same style
“whereby hangs
an immense bridge”
chomping away at the background
as we reached the platform.
Firkon suggested looking down into the elevator shaft
“Notice anything? ”
and when I did, saw three
more floors or deck
levels below.
“At each level
a bridge or balcony...”
projected into the shaft contra-indicating the gap
dome of saucer
between
“analogy of the abyss”
and his tautology
hovered outrageously above it.
“We use rudder-post technology to detach the post and
reinser it on a short staff carried by a frame –
Welcome, 260 thousand cubic centimetres.”
At once, I clambered aboard and found
that taste of his butthole strangely hypnotic
whine of the motor gained in pitch like a twanging ’cello string.
Spike took up the “How long must I wait? I mean – ”
...
A tremor ran through the hull of the Moonraker...
A pencil fell from the instrument ta...
“I – I’m not sure...
Always together in this darned silence,
midground hard to determine between
both and neither,
column and house.”
(I could see right away what these things had in common:
they were all crap. I decided to demonstrate this
by tying strings between various objects.)
“My first
close-up
shot of the moon
filled me with cold foreboding”
– i.e.
stillness, a lack
of “Thank you”
amid the harsh glare of remnants,
bright greys and sooty
blacks,
the jagged,
razor-sharp outlines of the crags –
and no living thing but me,
crater.
“I? But I am an expert! I have so much to discover!
My ‘shallow cell’ theory – ”
a twelve-foot cylinder mounted on two
pairs of caterpillar tracks
glanced to the left, in the direction of the pit.
From this I could disappear into a narrow, walled valley several miles away.
Suddenly,
there I was, ethereal vapour
trails cut deep between the intermittent static
dispatched amid stygian fumes
his only glue
then split.Brown Sugar! !
Insight of your town,
Own the thrown and crown yourself.Lily
Profound, cynical, cultural, and curious
Sister of Lynn, David, Donald, Juan Carlos, and Christian
Lover of music, books, and art
Who feels ambitious, extraordinary, and energetic
Who needs attention, fun, and alone time
Who fears heights, boredom, and failing
Who gives insight, service, and diligence
Who would like to see London, Paris, and Rome
Resident of Philadelphia
BlackWIND BLOWS IN POSITIVE,
BLOWS IN NEGATIVE,
WATER FLOWS IN POSITIVE,
FLOWS IN NEGATIVE,
BOTH ARE PART OF OUR LIFE.
WIND IS SPECIAL FOR SOMEONE,
BIT OF JOLT,
BUT A SPARE OF LIFE TO THEM,
INDICATES DRIZZLE AND LULL.
WATER IN DRIZZLE FORM,
GIVE GLAMOUR TO NATURE,
BIT OF GULT,
GIVE A ELICIT TO NATURE,
BUT PINPOINTS CYCLE OF LIFE.
NEVER KNOW WHO COMES FIRST,
BUT ACCORDS CHANCES TO KNOW,
WE IGNORE, SPEND TIME SEMBLANCE,
OH! WE LIVE IN DARKNESS.
LIVING WITH NATURE IS LUXURY,
GIVES A PERMANENT ATTACHMENT,
BUT NEVER GIVES CRYNESS,
LINKS YOU WITH SOULNESS,
NEVER FORGET END,
NEVER FORGET NEGATIVENESS,
THIS ARE NATURE OF WIND AND SLEET.~ Bio Psychic Kiss ~
Ms. Nivedita
UK
16 August 2010
Bio Psychic Kiss
Croons for catharsis.
Mull muse mitosis
Kibosh mute meiosis.
Niminy-piminy noesis
In oomphy orgy osmosis.
Syncretistic synthesis
Open splashy sluice
Bask blottoed bliss.
En fête relish éclat
Zippy zesty zygosis.
Join with Gen Next
In smooch symbiosis
Of Bio-Psychic Kiss!
==
Glossary with humility I’m giving what I tried to express
[1] Niminy-piminy ~ Affectedly dainty or refined
[2] En fête [French] ~ In festive mood
[3] Éclat ~ Brilliant effect
[4] Zygosis ~ The state of being joined together [conjugation]
~~~~~~
Copyright reserved by authorForlorn that of life likens the chronological and eventual embolism of time
Accordance to the modulated values for elementary suggestions of your prime
Yielded only from that of destination forming the impulse of emotional and logical legalism
Embalmed in fire concurrent to the pride for the instruments of warfare’s symbolism
Observatory of horrification resulting from the synthetic inventiveness for extermination
In faith of the most holiest for all tragedies beyond satirised methodology for religion
Spoken in values of hate from the seemingly amnesiac for the eventual mortality
That the origins of all birth cannot decline from the equality of biological infirmity
Irrevocable hath be that of the timelessness which is an inaccuracy; for all things end
In the fascination that all is well with the enemy upon their passing as wounds mend
That the never unified co-exist for the termination of paradise but embrace of pain
Being the germination for their seed of an unforgiving rage spoken via the distain
Lost are we in the recitation of repetition pondered yet are seldom accomplished
Are the comprehensions of historic failures captured, literalised but never abolished
For the playing down of truth unspoken yet the dramatisation of the cataclysmic news
But truth told we are literal in dying for release yet ignorant of the beyond so to amuse
We have become serial in our involuntary desire to contaminate yet replicate
In abundance of formation, the ever divisional reference to the elitist cognation
Shielded in the abundance of arrogance yonder that of the paradise of self denial
Lost of the unfathomed elasticity resulting in corrosion for total forgiveness to exile
Perhaps one can render the totality for the recovery to reformat and cleanse
Re-established the remains of world wise connectivity is worlds apart for the mends
In assumption of this lifetime of the now that a living entirety is not irreparable
Beyond the advances of the same; unexplored and never so far deemed censurable
Furthering of the technological prototypes for a greater and far less finite future
For my flesh I wish abound to machines that wire and metal do such for the nurture
Beyond a lifetime for tendering the anatomic in submission to the everlasting bio-mechanism
So to immolate imperfection for what remains of flesh beyond the cyber organism
To so thus construct of me; can a soul be encapsulated unto a realm of yonder machine?
As to place within the heart of an exact science created upon the image mankind’s esteem
Acknowledge I do my flesh, anoint I trust my heart, salvage of what remains of my mortality
Pass onto this place of retired bone and fragile being but to remember always, humanityWhy do you blame your Creator?
It's you and it's your ugly caricature,
You yourself go to a volcano's crater,
Ninety nine times you complete your adventure,
Safe and sound, you come back with a famous name,
But once you fall you get no time for regret and shame!
Why do you blame Satan, he is now old and tired,
He now bows his head before the bio terrorists,
A handsome pension he gets, he has been retired,
By capitalists, communists, and religious extremists,
Made of fire, sleeps in the volcano with no more desires
Made of clay, sleepless in the in the self-ignited fires!The language and images of Mario Vitale's poetry are so closely bound to the natural cycles of seasons, of generations, of the body's functioning, that is surprising to realize how many of his poems deal with uprootedness. But this poetry is not sentimental celebration of the goodness of nature, and harmony with the world is never assumed. The way he captures the tenuousness of this faith, the balance that must be found between the ugliness, the harshness of his history- both natural annd social- and its intense beauty, is what distinguishes Vitale's poetry, gives it its depth and dimension:
Vitale was born in 1970 Bristol hospital.
A young nurse took me in her arms and said that I would one day become a success,
As the years would pass I was heavy in the arts used to sing and act.
Was an altar boy at St. Pius Church.
In time I would act in my senior class play, "The Mystery Of Edwin Drood"
Where I had the lead role as the Narrator,
I touched many hearts with that performance in 1989,
Was hospitalized with mono that same year for two weeks long,
Also that same year I became prom king of my class Wolcott High School,
After the break up with my first grilfriend in 1989 I wrote the poem entitled, "Remembrance of a loved one" where I had it published on poetry.com
As the years passed I would write over 4,000 poems and 5 short stories toward my platform,
My poetry is based on the free verse style of writing,
Was published in 10 venues such as Writerscafe, Neopoet, Hello poetry, Poem Hunter, Booksie, Poetryvibe, Poetrysoup, Starlifecafe.com, Poets Know It & poetry.com...
I was saved by God at the tender age of nine in Charlotte Carolina where I came to know the Lord that was in 1979,
Today I continue to write poetry was published on Spillwords, High On Poetry, Tuck Magazine & Setu Magazine.
My main emphasis in writing poetry is to share with the mass populace touching many hearts.COLD WAR WITH BIO-WEAPON
Poem by Chan Mongol
February 24 of 2020
It's now a worst cold war
Spreading virus and fear!
Who against who
Is China the foe?
What Americans Do
Same game others know too.
Is it real or rumor
Bio-weapons are there.
Crossing airports, borders
Failing metal detectors.
What's going on
Needing machines invention.
To detect germs, Virus
When smuggling in jars.
In governmental terrorism
Public is with corona syndrome!
Your tests on men are always on
With new medicines, new weapon.
Denouncing millions of years old success
For mad scientists and their madness.
The civic life is in turmoil
Why destroying air, water and soil?
You think you can fool us
With politics, cold war and corona virus.
Unnecessarily busy
Governments must take it easy.
You are within the range
In virus war, in revenge-avenge.
Bio-war will affect you too
So, don't do! Don't do!
Don't do any production
Corona virus or bio. Weapon!At the centre,
Playing various roles in the game;
Operations!
According to the report;
Scandals! !
With the rumours of the land.
Kin, king!
To support the programme;
But, 'Dwene Ho Bio' and,
Make the right decision.
Uplifting! !
Unequqlled;
overwhelming,
'Dwene Ho Bio'.Bios > bio is life
Logy is to study
So biology is to study life;
I am a plant or human
My body's functions
Inner and outer organs;
My lifespan -
Morphology, physiology
Anatomy, behavior
Origin and distribution.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza| 19 November,2017Bio Of Mario William Vitale
The language and images of Mario Vitale's poetry are so closely bound to the natural cycles of seasons, of generations, of the body's functioning, that is surprising to realize how many of his poems deal with uprootedness. But this poetry is not sentimental celebration of the goodness of nature, and harmony with the world is never assumed. The way he captures the tenuousness of this faith, the balance that must be found between the ugliness, the harshness of his history- both natural annd social- and its intense beauty, is what distinguishes Vitale's poetry, gives it its depth and dimension:
Mario William Vitale Biography
I was born in 1970 Bristol hospital.
A young nurse took me in her arms and said that I would one day become a success,
As the years would pass I was heavy in the arts used to sing and act.
Was an altar boy at St. Pius Church.
In time I would act in my senior class play, "The Mystery Of Edwin Drood"
Where I had the lead role as the Narrator,
I touched many hearts with that performance in 1989,
Was hospitalized with mono that same year for two weeks long,
Also that same year I became prom king of my class Wolcott High School,
After the break up with my first grilfriend in 1989 I wrote the poem entitled, "Remembrance of a loved one" where I had it published on poetry.com
Attempted plays: Tartuffe, Miracle Of St. Anthony and Balm in Gieade, (His poetic aspirations had derived at 18 in 1989 from submitting his first poem entitled, "Remembrance Of A Loved One"- (Sparrowgrass Poetry Forum)
Attended Central Connecticut State University For Creative Writing: 1997
Next from 1989-1997 (Wrote primarily for Poetry.com and The International Library Of Poetry) , * Received editors choice award in 1997 for poem, " A Beacon Of Light ",
(1998) Sent poetic manuscript to N.Y. Time Magazine and Chief Editor " John Hyland".
Back with rave reviews!
* (From 1999-2008: Had adapted a real keen sense of style for writing poetry: (1999- Sent Editorial to:
New Man Magazine for the Passion of Christ Movie; Sent followup letter to company with poetry platform information attached,
* 2000-2007: Magazine: (Catholic) Maries Rose Ferron Magazine submitted poem" Beacon Of Light", which had excellent editorial reviews as the outset!
2008- Wrote poem entitled: (The Heavy Cross) to Poetry.com* Achieved Poetry status of work of Excellence in writing from the Academy Of American Poetry in which still having received rank and status as a member of Academy;
(The Connecticut Poetry Society)* Short story submitted entitled, "China Dog Ray" submitted to Virginia Writers Quarterly, West Virginia, Also having member status on their board of Poetry.
Attribute Poetry to an ever increasing love of God and his unconditional love that he has for us in return, Thankfulness toward family and friends.(To our past ancestors who fought to uphold freedom that far too many of us take for granted?
My contemporary artists include that of Ellan Bryant Voight, Kay Ryan and Carl Phillips.Which all three are Participants in the Academy Of American Poetry
Having been a member since 2006, My work reflects the likes of past poets such as C.S.Lewis, Hawthorne and Edgar Allen Poe.
Most of my work reflects with the values of religious beliefs intact
In my personal view it is essential in demonstrating a real heart of creative passion!
The reader I believe will benefit by my artistic style of development in a very positive light.)
After experiencing a life transformation encounter.I had realized that poetry is my unique way to convey myself my work speaks from the heart with pure sentiments of though intact,
As the years passed I would write over 4,000 poems and 5 short stories toward my platform,
My poetry is based on the free verse style of writing,
Was published in 10 venues such as Writerscafe, Neopoet, Hello poetry, Poem Hunter, Booksie, Poetryvibe, Poetrysoup, Starlifecafe.com, Poets Know It & poetry.com...
I was saved by God at the tender age of nine in Charlotte Carolina where I came to know the Lord that was in 1979,
Today I continue to write poetry was published on Spillwords, High On Poetry, Tuck Magazine & Setu Magazine.
My main emphasis in writing poetry is to share with the mass populace touching many hearts.
Hope you can read my poetry.
Sea Stacks
skipped rocks through a stream today
the opening of a brand new day
its frame is in minor decay
the bleached wood massed in bone piles,
we pulled it from dark beach and built
fire in a fenced clearing
the posts' blunt stubs sank down
the circled and were roofed by milled
lumber dragged at one time to the coast
We slept there
Each morning the minus tide-
weeds flowed it like hair swimming
The starfish gripped rock, pastel,
rough. Fish bones lay in sun
Each noon the milk fog sank
from cloud cover, came in
our clothes and held them
tighter on us. Sea stacks
stood and disappeared
They came back when the sun
scrubbed out the inlet
Life Force
through the flame cover me
in silent sound dignity
for with what one is willing to achieve
valiantly
feel the breeze
nestled through the trees
shaped through your dreams
a piercing of the skin
new hearts to begin
again
Choices
Many have a hard time understanding
They live for self and that of society
They are the walking dead yet they don't even know it
Eyes with blackened spots having holes
Viscous fangs with blood dripping off the side
You share with them the truth
They choose to run away & hide
Yet deep inside they may still question
Why am i here?
They can't even help you
Cause they won't help themselves
They are the scum of the land
Much too afraid to stand among the son of man
A bitter taste
Do they want salt or sugar coated messages
Positive reinforcement strengthens the heart
Negativity kills it
Each of us has been given a choice
We must lend a helping hand with a voice
All of us have been given a choice
Now which pathway will you choose?
Emerald City
There'll be no unemployment in heaven.
No worry about the next meal.
There'll be no bills to harass us,
and thieves will not break in and steal.
In heaven, we'll have no need for money;
Everything up there will be free.
We'll enjoy God's unsearchable riches,
and have unending security.
I'm looking forward to heaven,
that land that is fairer than day.
Where all will be joy and gladness,
and sorrow and care will flee away.
Up there, no mean words will be spoken.
Each heart will be filled with pure love.
We'll never be hurt or rejected,
in the beautiful city above.
There will be no disappointment or heartache.
God will wipe all the tears from our eyes.
No one will ever be lonely,
and there'll be no anguished good-byes.
Up there, the love we have for each other,
by each heart will be shared equally.
And we'll have all the things that we've longed
for, and at last we will really be free
Little Angel
Hope springs a new
On a cloud in heaven
Stand a heavenly angel
With mere beauty of crystalized light
Golden emblems encrusted their frame
Sweet songs drifting to a very faint whisper
Eyes, hands & face
A real message sent down to earth
To care for those lonely souls all alone
There beauty is a surprise to encounter
Slipping through locked doors to appear
Many have shed a tear to numb the inner pain
Causing accidents not to happen
They appear in the form of brightened miracles
We see them with a heart all a glow
Come to the birth of a new born baby
Come to servicemen who just joined the navy
You will see them at a graveyard setting
Even among gamblers who do there betting
There all around us you see
For all of life is but a mysteryShe is Tom
Tom pet,
Pet cat,
She was born in 2015
On March 7,
In coming March she will be 3
Yet she has no kitten;
She is not a normal cat,
She does not bear any cat
She is fond of living with human;
Though she is pet,
She lives independently;
She does not like to obey commands
Her motives are often unknown, ........
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 14 December,2017If I were young again
How nice to be young.
What I did all about
and where I was all.
And I would again, my youth,
was the same everywhere
and everything worked
only when I woul
he was young again.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Kad bih opet bio mlad
Kako je lijepo biti mlad.
Šta sam sve radio
i gdje sam sve bio.
I opet bih, tebe mi,
mladosti moja,
isto svuda bio
i svašta radio
samo kad bih
bio opet mlad.Man and woman in contacts grow
Sexually attractive to each other
Either at once, or in due course
Or at the end; no failure.
17.09.2000, PkmdKad je bio mrak,
kad je bio mrak,
pojurila mačka miša
čak, čak, čak.
Pojurila mačka miša
čak, čak, čak.
A da l' ga je progutala
il' ga nije progutala
to ni ona nije znala
jer je bio mrak,
jer je bio mrak...Being after the breath as if after the light
A butterfly chased by its wing
From the edge of the end pushed away removed
Burnt down by candles a road to sorrow path
To the beggars and begs a gown sewed for the sky
He knew neither hands nor touches
Neither the words nor the colour of his crown
Died for the beauty in an earthly pain
In a grave and verse not to die again
Like he was love he is
A throne built for an endless possible
Like he was love he is
A throne built for an endless possible
Za dahom ko za svjetlom
Leptir krilom gonjen
S ivice kraja odgurnut sklonjen
Spržen u svijećama
Sumor stazi put
Prosjaku i vrećama
Sašiven nebu skut
Nije znao ruke ni dodire
Nije znao riječi ni boju krune
Za ljepotu ginuv zemljano ponire
Grobom i stihom da opet ne trune
Kao on što bio je
Ljubav je on
Beskraju mogućeg sazidan tron
Kao on što bio je
Ljubav je on
Beskraju mogućeg sazidan tronAutrement dit, dans les sociétés normales, on ne fait pas obstacle à la parole mais on  classe  différemment les gens. Les savants pondérés et éminents sont écoutés avec grand respect. Les satiristes sont écoutés avec un moindre respect et avec perplexité. Les racistes et les antisémites sont écoutés à travers un filtre d'opprobre et sans respect. Les gens qui veulent être écoutés attentivement doivent le mériter par leur conduite.
C'est organique, belle et rose, romantique; pourtant, les sociétés ne font pas de guerre, les entreprises n'hésiter à le faire.busipirone hcl 15 mg, clomipramine 50 mg,
clonozepam 0.5mg, fluoxetine hcl 40 mg and
quetiapine fumarate 100 mg stepford wives
vis a vis stimulants offering an emotional
uplifting dalliance cathartic against the depredation
of panic attacks melancholia and obsessive
compulsive disorder bearing down hard
against psychological maladies
delivering a near ecstatic state of mental health
wresting these mailer daemons long symbiotically fixed
within mental cortex damning up the recent
debilitating physical paralysis to enjoy life, liberty
and pursuit of happiness thus pharmacologically
affianced with consciousness like quint essential
ephemeral mermaid rooted sirens teasing out malevolent forces
that long ago found egress into the nether worlds
of my then very precariously perched psyche
sapping the cellular level juices extant within this body politick
of two score + eight years, whose internal dependence
on these synthetic medications allow, enable and provide
much sought after relief from chronic diabolical
ejaculatory phantasmagoria for the last few years restrained
as near meaningless dupes feigning themselves
as agents provocateurs essentially powerless
against encapsulated digestible prescription medication
far more endearing than any previous paramour or current spouse
hermetically sealing outrageous plague of pestiferous schizoid locus
parasites totally invisible to any observer yet (in their heyday)
wreaked havoc greater than any biblical maelstrom
affecting bizarre psycho-social behavior (particularly during pre
pubescent chapter) exhibiting complete isolation from people
with mindset to terminate life (when about thirteen
journeys round the sun) thru anorexia nervosa!Alyssa
Determined, Caring, Clumsy
Best Friend of Sarah Corcoran.
Lover of poetry, music and running
Who feels scared, hopeful and thrilled.
Who needs family, friends and love.
Who gives her whole mind, heart and energy.
Who would like to see herself with confidence.
Resident of the awful, tragical, exciting, magical world.
MarquardtIt took a very long time..
to get her up there..
she squirmed and kicked..
and offered me tricks..
i would not take her licks...
her soul may be gone...
though her bodies still here.
i have to still get my kicks..
on this lovely dark,
swing where i sit...
Who would know her name...To this fair Hill has come the quest
To learn from whence the main spring comes
Of pulse and thrust of currents held within
And of many natures to discover that most true
The very essence to help see through
This conscious passage on a planet - TIME -
That God has entrusted to fragile hands.(Short Bio In Cinquain)
Reza
Is the short name
Of writer class body;
Aim is to spring through stagnancy
Of man.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │25 March,2018Has the situation really changed
or were we the only ones to transform
what is truly certain
whan our very lives are a loan
The more history of peoples and places I read
the more I feel for certain
that someone has already been here, done this
and forever closed the 'giving up' curtain
For in a world of reliable unpredictability
of constant repeditivity
of evidence, belief and hopelessness
- what are wem but attempted structure
in the socio- and biological messtri sam muža imala na borneu,
na borneu!
svi su bili ko petorica i jedno
malo moje golo zlato!
bili su visoki, niski, dlakave
općine i divlji dolari!
popela sam se na njih i vidjela
sheme bogova, gradilište anđela,
cijevi i liftove
čopori svetog zraka miješali su
kapare, kurkumu, kardamon, kumin i
lučki kopar od 25 tisuća stanovnika!
rodila se riba, nacrtali su joj vodu
i rekli, ljubi!
prošla je neka brbljava italija,
u smeđi, podgrijani ocean, pun
mlade elektrike, popadali su
biseri, žabe i 8 kraljevića
zajedno sa sonetima!
iz zvečeva sam jedino spasila
lješnjake,
na mojim su ušima i sad sam lijepa
kao
biber na jajetu,
šafran na riži,
na dnu mora, u snu, u opasnom
galvanskom
pokeru!
muževi su pojeli uši!
konstantno su pjevali kao
bezazleni pištolji!
sad sam gola!
moram na palmu, moram do kokosa,
zagrlit ću ga kao prva udovica,
alergija, alegorija, kozmetika i
indijsko
pravosuđe!
tri sam muža imala na borneu,
na borneu!We need to preserve
The bio-diversity
For our own welfareEach cell has life.
Each organ has life.
Each body has life.
Unicellular,
Multicellular and
Multi organed as they are.
Life is a force that lives
In each cell and
In continuity.
Bio force is different
Fro other forces
In that it has a drive to grow
Unlike others
That grow when fed.
Aim of the bio force
Is to thrive and struggle to thrive.
It knows no sin, no God.
13.08.2010I have a flesh eating virus that is eating me
It loves red meat but won’t touch a fine steak
It feeds on me at night and wakes me with pain
As I strive to remember where I hid the morphine
It tells me it is my friend and will put an end to my plight
I can call it C for short it says
In a voice similar to that of my own
It tugs at my balls to see my chagrin
As I curse and rehearse my epitaph’s end
And take another x-ray for the Doc
Just to make sure a flesh eating virus is all that I’ve got…my thoughts of today and the meaning of life lay groom.The cancer by what we call sience has torn my thoughts into poor shame of this nation we call USA.I shall pray and even seek god for help, and for witch I have.I think as the chosen one that lives and strives for all man kind to live and breath the 'Ten Commandments' and those are
Being honest, truthful, compassionate, loving, generous, unselfish, trying to keep the ten commandments and even going to church will not get you heaven?  When reading my bible I turn to a part where is said jobs, and this what is said here lions may roar and that I am a leo. it also say choose to ignore and shall be vanished.Muhammad (pbh) ,
Sent as the last Messenger and the Prophet of Allah to mankind,
Peace loving for humanity, the world;
Son of Abdullah and Aminah,
Preacher of Islam to establish peace worldwide,
Invites mankind to have faith in One God, Allah;
And to believe His sent man, Muhammad (pbh) ,
People begin to accept Islam, the complete code of life;
Some people disbelieving him make chaos;
Transferred from Mecca to Medina,
Fights several times for Islam,
Wins Mecca,
Pardons everyone,
Dismisses all chaos,
Relatives, friends, respectively all unite,
Almost all come under the Flag of Islam,
Establishes an ideal Democratic Republic of Medina,
With multi races, creeds, castes, colors and religions;
All become happy in peace,
Islam gets completed by an announcement of Allah,
During the final Hajj in Prophet's life on 6 March,632;
Died at 63, on the 8th June 632, in Medina.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 23 November,2017Blest were he, O Bio-Bio!
Who could dwell forevermore
In a deep grove, cool and shady,
Upon thine enchanted shore!
Just a lowly thatched-roofed cottage
Where thy limpid waters are seen
Pouring their calm flood in silence
Amid foliage fresh and green;
Where, instead of shifting changes
In the fickle things of state,
Wind-stirred oaks and maitens murmur,
And the forest peace is great;
Where the bird amid the branches,
In the early dawning gray,
Sings its untaught, artless music,
Greeting thus the new-born day.
In that humble thatched-roof cottage,
Oh, how happy were my lot,
In the peace that nothing troubles,
Envied not and envying not!
This to me in truth were sweeter
Than the Babel wild and loud
Where in chase of a chimera
All are rushing in a crowd;
Where dark treachery and falsehood
Near the quaking altar stay
That the people's favor raises
To the idols of a day.
Sweet repose, most blissful quiet,
Earthly paradise divine!
Has the palm of war or wisdom
Worth which can outrival thine?
Truth I love, not adulation—
Truth all unadorned and plain,
Not the clamorous applauses
That are raised in Fortune's train.
Growing old, for that false treasure
I would cease my soul to fret—
Say 'Farewell to disappointments!
The forgetful I forget.
'Others call excitement pleasure,
Madly seeking fame or pelf;
I in earth's most hidden corner
Wish to live now for myself.'
Al Biobío
¡Quién pudiera, Biobío,
pasar la existencia entera
en un boscaje sombrío
de tu encantada ribera!
Una cabaña pajiza,
donde viese tu onda pura,
que callada se desliza
entre frondosa verdura,
donde, en vez del movimiento
de políticos vaivenes,
susurrar oyese el viento,
entre robles y maitenes,
Y escuchase la alborada
que en no aprendida armonía,
canta el ave en la enramada
saludando al nuevo día;
una pajiza cabaña,
en que gozase el reposo
de la paz que nunca engaña,
ni envidiado ni envidioso;
más grata, en verdad, me fuera
que una confusa Babel,
donde en pos de una quimera
corren todos en tropel,
do deslealtad y falsía
cercan el trémulo altar
que a los ídolos de un día
alza el aura popular.
¡Oh feliz, oh dulce calma,
paraíso de la tierra! 30
¿vale más que tú la palma
del saber o de la guerra?
Verdad, no lisonja, quiero;
verdad sencilla, desnuda;
no el aplauso vocinglero,
que a la fortuna saluda;
quiero en mis postreros años
decir a ese bien fingido:
¡Adiós! no más desengaños;
a los que olvidan, olvido.
Otros en loco tumulto
llamen dicha al frenesí;
yo en el rincón más oculto
quiero vivir para mí.
[Pero ¿a dónde en arrebato
impensado me extravío?
Para otro asunto más grato
te invocaba, Biobío.
Por tus verdes campos gira
una amable forastera,
y los aromas respira
que embalsaman tu ribera.
Cerca de ti su mansión
tiene la bella Delfina;
la de noble corazón,
la de gracia peregrina.
Yo la vi, pimpollo hermoso,
que, con su beldad temprana,
tuvo a Santiago orgulloso,
en su primera mañana.
Vila en cerrado vergel
joven planta, que atesora
lozano brillo, y con él
a los vientos enamora.
Vino tormenta sañuda,
corro la que en duro embate
al verde bosque desnuda,
y hermosa arboleda abate.
Casi (¡ay Dios!) su primavera
la vio morir, y agostada
la tuvo la Parca fiera,
y la lloré malograda.
Pero al modo que se eleva,
cuando el huracán se calma,
con vigor y vida nueva,
una destrozada palma,
Volvió mi Delfina así,
a beber el aura pura;
y correr las Gracias vi
a retocar su hermosura.
Hija la he visto amorosa
en la morada paterna,
y luego adorada esposa,
y madre ya, dulce y tierna;
y siempre cabal modelo
de amabilidad serena,
ángel bajado del cielo
a nuestra mansión terrena.
Tal es la beldad que ahora
gozas, orgulloso río,
y la que Mapocho llora
en ajeno poderío.
Que te desveles por ella
te ruego; en diario tributo
ríndele la flor más bella,
y el más sazonado fruto.
Al llevarla el blando ambiente
del jazmín y el azahar,
de su viejo amigo ausente
hazla el nombre recordar.
Pero no con lazo eterno
presumas que la encadenes;
la llama el hogar paterno;
prestado tesoro tienes.
Y harás de la deuda pago,
y volveremos a verla,
y se gozará Santiago
en su enajenada perla.]I lost my job as being an illiterate;
Now, this Techno-Era I mostly hate;
It happened from the day when
I saw a machine
Installed for officials to put thumb impression on that.
(Dated: 14-04-2018) .Is this a joke that time allowed this diversity?
That's what they fed me at the University.
So I look for a signature that would make one stare,
is there really no designer behind that there?Cynthia
Faithful, frank, patient, true
Mother, worker, a writer's daughter, child of God
Lover of cats, books, poetry, and wonderful nature
Who feels blessed, at peace, and thankful for life
Who fears nothing, not bad news, or even earthquakes
Who would like to see Israel, Beijing, and again, Queensland
Resident of Tarlac City, Philippines
Baello
Cynthia Buhain-Baello~~~02.25.16
Definition -A Bio poem is written about one self's life, personality traits, and ambitions.
Line 1: First name
Line 2: Four traits that describe you
Line 3: Brother/ Sister of... (may substitute son/daughter of)
Line 4: Lover of... (Give names of three people or ideas)
Line 5: Who feels... (Give three feelings)
Line 6: Who fears... (Give three items)
Line 7: Who would like to see... (Give three items)
Line 8: Resident of... (Give city and state)
Line 9: Last name only
Source: poetrysoupComfortable, oh yes comfortable
but how to explain
the other things
the warnings
that there were to be
others like and not like me
that I was not the only one;
even if I would be the light
of all their hopes, they who
will lean over me with
my light on their eyes
and strange human sounds
and there were promises to be made with
the warnings: that
I’d forget all this
and would have to, must
remember with such help
as I might have; so
three solemn promises,
to try to remember
where I come from,
which I need to return to,
and also why; for there may be
little help in this from them
strange, that all this
which is born into me
and which my first smile
tells those who will lean over me,
how could I forget
all this? No wonder
some turn back;
it’s braver, more courageous,
more loving, more adventurous,
than any of you remember,
to be born
so wish me luck of itShe'll love you 'til her dying day,
and just to prove it
she'll take it out regularly on her Mom,
frequently on her sisters,
and later, sometimes on her partner.
You got yourself a deal.SAINT THYAGARAJA
BRIEF INTRODUCTION
The Saint Thyagaraja was born on the 4th May,1767
at Tiruvarur, Tanjore District, South India. He came to
lead the mankind in the spiritual path through the medium
of Classical Music, purely devoted to Lord Rama.  He had
composed classical songs in thousands during his life time,
which are still very popular through out the world.
During the period of Vijayanagar Empire in the Central India,
which broke down due to frequent invasions from the North
India, his ancestors took asylum in the Kingdom ruled by
Maratha Nayak in South India. With this brief introduction
his life story follows:
SAINT THYAGARAJA
(04-05-1767 to 06-01-1847)
The year seventeen-sixty-seven,
Witnessed the divine sanction
From the Merciful Heaven
For a great saint, who was born.
It was on the fourth day,
In the month of May,
This saint took his birth
On this mundane earth.
The Temple Town Tiruvarur,
Of the District Thanjavur,
Became the chosen land,
To welcome this child.
True to their own custom
He was given the name
Thyagaraja, the Lord
Of this Temple God.
‘Thyaga, ’ a word for ‘sacrifice’
‘Raja’ for ‘King or Prince, ’
Thyagaraja, as his name stood,
Lived in austerity till his end.
He was the third son,
The most illustrious one,
Of Ramabrahmam, his father,
And Seethamma, his mother.
The King of Thanjavur
Patronized his father,
A story teller by profession,
And an exponent of Ramayan.
As a daughter of a Veena player,
Kalahastayya, a royal court performer,
Music was in Seethamma's blood
And he grew up in this background.
(Thanjavur, a place in South India)SWAMI VIVEKANANDA (A brief introduction)
Swami Vivekananda (Narendranath Datta)    was born on 12-01-1863 at Kolkata and died on 04-07-1902 at 39 years of age.  He was a disciple of Guru Ramakrishna Paramahamsa, who worshiped Mother Kali. Swamiji was the first religious ambassador to America, in which land he was recognized for his talents and deep knowledge in the Hindu ancient scriptures and religion.  He was advocating for Universal Religion.  Every world citizen should read his speeches in 9 Volumes released by the Ramakrishna Mission Association..   His life story starts with the Birth of Hinduism.
THE BIRTH OF HINDUISM
When did Hinduism begin?
Still, the exact date is unknown.
It’s such an ancient religion,
Grown on a solid foundation.
It’s a religion of tolerance,
And with all its patience,
It respects other religions,
For their religious doctrines.
In Bhagavad-gita Krishna says
“There may be many ways,
But all the paths lead to me,
Whatever path it may be.”
Religion is the backbone
Of national life of Indian,
And was nurtured by Great Sages
From time immemorial, of all ages.
At every time of spiritual crisis,
In this Indian soil, there arose
An Ascetic, a Sage, or a Saint,
From the danger, to protect it.
Rama, Krishna, Buddha,
Adi Sankara, Nanak, Chaitanya,
Like this, came messengers, one by one,
All of them sent by the Heaven.
Names many, there may be,
But the Hindus ever see
God as one Supreme,
Not many, but as same.
A man is not only a father,
But also a son to his father,
A teacher, when he teaches,
A customer, when he buys.
He’s a seller, when he sells.
A preacher, when he tells.
When he sails, he’s a sailor.
When he stitches, he’s a tailor.
As a King, he’s a ruler,
As a mendicant, a beggar,
When he wins, a winner,
When he sins, a sinner.
This one man, who’s the same
Takes up many karmic names,
Thus, Gods many have come
But they’re one and the same.
Brahma is the creator,
Vishnu is the protector,
Siva is the destroyer,
*Karmic names, they bear.
(*Karmic = action)
Just like one Sun reflects,
And shines in all reflectors,
God is one, but projects,
All o’er, as various objects.
A compendium of Truths,
The Hinduism gave as Vedas,
Which lead one to the goal,
That is sacred and spiritual.
This is the salient truth
That exists from its birth,
Which had no beginning,
Nor will it have an ending.(Born on 12-1-1863)
The Land of Bengal is famous
For all kinds of noble causes,
Affecting social, political, religious,
Arts, cultural and trade interests.
In all these fields, there arose
Great many reformers, leaders,
Artists, poets, entrepreneurs,
As the top most sons of its soils.
As the heart of Indian Nation,
It rose up to all the occasions,
With its mighty contributions,
In the nation building functions.
Its abundant natural resources,
The perennial flow of rivers,
The deep sea coastal borders,
They added to its rich treasures.
As God’s gift, this mother soil
Gave birth to a great soul,
Narendranath Datta by name,
Later Vivekananda, he became.
In the year eighteen sixty three,
On the twelfth day of January,
He was born at Calcutta,
Now known as Kolkata.
Bhuvaneswari Devi, his mother,
Viswanath Datta, his father,
Both were proud of this son
For his nature more divine.
Lord Siva of Varanasi came,
Once in his mother’s dream,
Granting her wishful boon,
“I’ll be your son soon.”
True to her dream, her son
Proved himself more divine
In his every word and action,
That enhanced his reputation.Who know thee, love: thy life be such
That, ere the year be o'er,
Each one who loves thee now so much,
Even God, may love thee more!oh! wake up my lovely princess,
allow the sun to rise for you,
and sprinkle its golden rays,
with all its effulgence in, bright
golden hue and sparkle! .
let flowers of all hues and colors,
size, shape, layers and fragrance,
jasmine, rose, lilies, lotus, dahlia,
iris, tulips and daffodils vie each
other to decorate your lovely
hair in plates, layers and multi
layers, and  let the sheen in your
eyes brighten up the beauty of
the jewels and silks you  wear
and let the fragrance of lowers
enhance your mood fly high and
spread joy and happiness for
you, family and friends and let
me hold your hands and wish
a happy and joyful birthday! .
-o0o-The Child is rocked on Mary's knee,
Cold in the stall this bitter night,
And 'Lullalay-loo,' soft singeth she,
'My little Boy and Heaven's Delight!'
When singing stars went up the sky
The Prince of Peace oped a sweet eye.
His Highness now how small He lies!
He to be God and Very God!
A Jacob's ladder spans the skies
Whereof each rung is angel-trod,
And all their carols are of Peace,
Though the sick world hath little ease.
Come in, poor war-worn folk, and rest;
Kneel where the sinless creatures kneel;
The Babe snugged warm in Mother's breast,
He is your Wound-Wort, your All-Heal
Balsam for hurts that throb and smart,
Small Rose of Love on Mary's heart.
Shut close within His hand so small
The sick heart's medicine; not a sword.
Come in, come in, sad people all,
Here is your ancient peace restored!
'Lullalay-loo,' sings Mary mild,
Kissing her God, her Lamb, her Child.… a birth of a day
an endless - gifted
wrapped in maddening passion
to make love to the presence of such enormity of littleness…
moments wanted to be married
but time not yet born…
thirst frozen-steaming cup of coffee
time alive-the clock on the wall dead
so many tomorrows- today has for us
A new moon day …
…in the nights of these -each living…
Dear endless sky-never shall you be walking in the dark
Without the stars-Has any one thought over?
Almighty has given gift to him or her
How does the ideas emanate from void mind?
Music in action and feelings very kind
The ideas to role out for vicious world
Happiness and joy for all to hold
Can poetry exist without impetus?
The writer can exist by his status
God might have given special third sense
Free flow of thoughts even without being tense
This is how the journey has begun with birth of poet
Love to all in his imagery world and keep quiet
He does nothing special for performance
He certainly weighs facts at once
Leaving all worries for the common cause
Forgetting for self and think what he was?
This is how he has come in to being
World at his feet without being called a king
What makes water to fall in from of raining?
It doesn’t require any guidance or proper training
His heart pains for others agony
H doesn’t work it for gain or money
He has the mighty thoughts to work as key
No slavery in his world and to make all freeDAVID.
What means yon apparition in the sky,
Thirsis, that dazzles every shepherd's eye?
I slumbering was when from yon glorious cloud
Came gliding music heavenly, sweet, and loud,
With sacred raptures which my bosom fires,
And with celestial joy my soul inspires;
It soothes the native horrors of the night,
And gladdens nature more than dawning light.
THIRSIS.
But hold, see hither through the yielding air
An angel comes: for mighty news prepare.
ANGEL GABRIEL.
Rejoice, ye swains, anticipate the morn
With songs of praise; for lo! a Saviour's born.
With joyful haste to Bethlehem repair,
And you will find the almighty infant there;
Wrapp'd in a swaddling band you'll find your king,
And in a manger laid, to him your praises bring.
CHORUS OF ANGELS.
To God who in the highest dwells,
Immortal glory be;
Let peace be in the humble cells
Of Adam's progeny.
DAVID.
No more the year shall wintry horrors bring;
Fix'd in the indulgence of eternal spring,
Immortal green shall clothe the hills and vales,
And odorous sweets shall load the balmy gales;
The silver brooks shall in soft murmurs tell
The joy that shall their oozy channels swell.
Feed on, my flocks, and crop the tender grass,
Let blooming joy appear on every face;
For lo! this blessed, this propitious morn,
The Saviour of lost mankind is born.
THIRSIS.
Thou fairest morn that ever sprang from night,
Or deck'd the opening skies with rosy light,
Well mayst thou shine with a distinguish'd ray,
Since here Emmanuel condescends to stay.
Our fears, our guilt, our darkness to dispel,
And save us from the horrid jaws of hell.
Who from his throne descended, matchless love!
To guide poor mortals to bless'd seats above:
But come without delay, let us be gone,
Shepherd, let's go, and humbly kiss the Son.'Tis fit SERENA shou'd be sung.
High-born SERENA, Fair and Young,
Shou'd be of ev'ry Muse and Voice
The pleasing, and applauded Choice.
But as the Meanest of the Show
Do First in all Processions go:
So, let my Steps pursue that Swain
The humblest of th' inspired Train;
Whose well-meant Verse did just appear,
To lead on the preceding Year:
So let my Pen, the next in Fame,
Now wait on fair SERENA's Name;
The second Tribute gladly pay,
And hail this blest returning Day.
But let it not attempt to raise
Or rightly speak SERENA's Praise:
Since with more ease we might declare
How Great her Predecessors were;
How Great that more distinguish'd Peer,
To whom she owes her Being here;
In whom our Britain lets us see
What once they were, and still shou'd be;
As, when the earliest Race was drown'd,
Some Patterns, from amongst them found,
Were kept to shew succeeding Times
Their Excellence without their Crimes:
More easily we might express
What Vertues do her Mother dress;
What does her Form and Mind adorn,
Of whom th' engaging Nymph was born;
What Piety, what generous Love,
Does the enlarged Bosom move
Of Her, whose Fav'rite she appears,
Who more than as a Niece endears.
Such full Perfections obvious lie,
And strike, at first, a Poet's Eye.
Deep Lines of Honour all can hit,
Or mark out a superior Wit;
Consummate Goodness all can show,
And where such Graces shine below:
But the more tender Strokes to trace,
T' express the Promise of a Face,
When but the Dawnings of the Mind
We from the Air unripen'd find;
Which alt'ring, as new Moments rise,
The Pen or Pencil's Art defies;
When Flesh and Blood in Youth appears,
Polish'd like what our Marble wears;
Fresh as that Shade of op'ning Green,
Which first upon our Groves is seen;
Enliven'd by a harmless Fire,
And brighten'd by each gay Desire;
These nicer Touches wou'd demand
A Cowley's or a Waller's Hand,
T'explain, with undisputed Art,
What 'tis affects th'enlighten'd Heart,
When ev'ry darker Thought gives way,
Whilst blooming Beauty we survey;
To shew how All, that's soft and sweet,
Does in the fair SERENA meet;
To tell us, with a sure Presage,
The Charms of her maturer Age.
When Hothfeild shall (as heretofore {4}
From its far-sought and virtuous Store
It Families of great Renown
Did with illustrious Hymens crown)
When Hothfeild shall such Treasure know,
As fair SERENA to bestow:
Then shou'd some Muse of loftier Wing
The Triumphs of that Season sing;
Describe the Pains, the Hopes, the Fears
Of noble Youths, th'ambitious Cares
Of Fathers, the long-fram'd Design,
To add such Splendour to their Line,
Whilst all shall strive for such a Bride
So Educated, and Ally'd.I'm a disgrace to the life
I lived as a girl—
she would be ashamed
to have me in the world.
But there's no turning back;
it's time to pay the price
for selfish pride
and evil vice.
Or pack up my things
and leave this great earth—
would you put in place
a rose in birth.
Cause thorns I've got
it's the petals I lack;
beauty should unfold:
this is no unknown fact.
With this request I must be going—
please all take care,
boys and girls
handsome and fair.You that on Stars do look,
Arrest not there your sight,
Though Natures fairest Book,
And signed with propitious light;
Our Blessing now is more Divine,
Then Planets that at Noon did shine.
To thee alone be praise,
From whom our Joy descends,
Thou Chearer of our Days,
Of Causes first, and last of Ends;
To thee this May we sing, by whom
Our Roses from the Lilies bloom.
Upon this Royal Flower,
Sprung from the chastest Bed,
Thy glorious sweetness shower,
And first let Myrtles Crown his Head;
Then Palms and Lawrels wreath'd between;
But let the Cypress late be seen.
And so succeeding men,
When they the fulness see
Of this our Joy, shall then
In consort joyn as well as we,
To celebrate his Praise above,
That spreads our Land with fruits of Love.In numbers, and but these few,
I sing thy birth, oh JESU!
Thou pretty Baby, born here,
With sup'rabundant scorn here;
Who for thy princely port here,
Hadst for thy place
Of birth, a base
Out-stable for thy court here.
Instead of neat enclosures
Of interwoven osiers;
Instead of fragrant posies
Of daffadils and roses,
Thy cradle, kingly stranger,
As gospel tells,
Was nothing else,
But, here, a homely manger.
But we with silks, not cruels,
With sundry precious jewels,
And lily-work will dress thee;
And as we dispossess thee
Of clo}ts, we'll make a chamber,
Sweet babe, for thee,
Of ivory,
And plaster'd round with amber.
The Jews, they did disdain thee;
But we will entertain thee
With glories to await here,
Upon thy princely state here,
And more for love than pity:
From year to year
We'll make thee, here,
A free-born of our city.Flower buds sleep,
hiding dreams inside.
Universe rests in grain of pollen.
When dawn touches,
by golden quill dipped in dew,
life wakes up afresh.
Divine breeze kisses soft,
Lips slight apart aghast.
Heaven slides down,
tongue twists exotic.
Drama of life unfolds,
as sun wakes up full.
Five petals spread far n’ wide,
trek every nook n’ corner,
acts in scenes of desire.
Time sinks in ocean infinite,
fishing out dead hopes.
Sun dives down in coma.
Mind floats dead in dead-sea.
Retirement arrives unaware.
Lying on a rickety cot,
life unknown, stretches frozen.
Day falls deep into nightmare.
faded petals retreat to dust.
One by one teeth fall.
Skin wrinkles. Tongue bites.
Eyes closes, as ears go blank.
Body remains among discarded flowers.
Life stinks, delves deep into abysses,
Off to another birth another time.
into dirt and filths again.
________________This day, dear Bec, is thy nativity;
Had Fate a luckier one, she'd give it ye.
She chose a thread of greatest length,
And doubly twisted it for strength:
Nor will be able with her shears
To cut it off these forty years.
Then who says care will kill a cat?
Rebecca shows they're out in that.
For she, though overrun with care,
Continues healthy, fat, and fair.
As, if the gout should seize the head,
Doctors pronounce the patient dead;
But, if they can, by all their arts,
Eject it to the extremest parts,
They give the sick man joy, and praise
The gout that will prolong his days.
Rebecca thus I gladly greet,
Who drives her cares to hands and feet:
For, though philosophers maintain
The limbs are guided by the brain,
Quite contrary Rebecca's led;
Her hands and feet conduct her head;
By arbitrary power convey her,
She ne'er considers why or where:
Her hands may meddle, feet may wander,
Her head is but a mere by-stander:
And all her bustling but supplies
The part of wholesome exercise.
Thus nature has resolved to pay her
The cat's nine lives, and eke the care.
Long may she live, and help her friends
Whene'er it suits her private ends;
Domestic business never mind
Till coffee has her stomach lined;
But, when her breakfast gives her courage,
Then think on Stella's chicken porridge:
I mean when Tigerhas been served,
Or else poor Stella may be starved.
May Bec have many an evening nap,
With Tiger slabbering in her lap;
But always take a special care
She does not overset the chair;
Still be she curious, never hearken
To any speech but Tiger's barking!
And when she's in another scene,
Stella long dead, but first the Dean,
May fortune and her coffee get her
Companions that will please her better!
Whole afternoons will sit beside her,
Nor for neglects or blunders chide her.
A goodly set as can be found
Of hearty gossips prating round;
Fresh from a wedding or a christening,
To teach her ears the art of listening,
And please her more to hear them tattle,
Than the Dean storm, or Stella rattle.
Late be her death, one gentle nod,
When Hermes, waiting with his rod,
Shall to Elysian fields invite her,
Where there will be no cares to fright her!All things within this fading world hath end,
Adversity doth still our joys attend;
No ties so strong, no friends so dear and sweet,
But with death's parting blow are sure to meet.
The sentence past is most irrevocable,
A common thing, yet oh, inevitable.
How soon, my Dear, death may my steps attend,
How soon't may be thy lot to lose thy friend,
We both are ignorant, yet love bids me
These farewell lines to recommend to thee,
That when the knot's untied that made us one,
I may seem thine, who in effect am none.
And if I see not half my days that's due,
What nature would, God grant to yours and you;
The many faults that well you know I have
Let be interred in my oblivious grave;
If any worth or virtue were in me,
Let that live freshly in thy memory
And when thou feel'st no grief, as I no harmes,
Yet love thy dead, who long lay in thine arms,
And when thy loss shall be repaid with gains
Look to my little babes, my dear remains.
And if thou love thyself, or loved'st me,
These O protect from stepdame's injury.
And if chance to thine eyes shall bring this verse,
With some sad sighs honor my absent hearse;
And kiss this paper for thy dear love's sake,
Who with salt tears this last farewell did take.(written when i was 12)
nobody tells us
where they go to
nobody tells us
where they come from
in darkness
we live and dieBirth and death, twin-sister and twin-brother,
Night and day, on all things that draw breath,
Reign, while time keeps friends with one another
Birth and death.
Each brow-bound with flowers diverse of wreath,
Heaven they hail as father, earth as mother,
Faithful found above them and beneath.
Smiles may lighten tears, and tears may smother
Smiles, for all that joy or sorrow saith:
Joy nor sorrow knows not from each other
Birth and death.I who have known thee, Birth, must know Death too:
As old, old men their children's children fold
In their gaunt arms, and though their blood be cold
Feel their own youth burn in them as they view
The features that were theirs — each sign so true
To their own breath and blood, 'tis as retold
Their very youth was, when they are so old,
By those who nothing of their childhood knew.
So even Death but a new birth may be,
And in some other star beyond to-day,
When we have put the use of Earth away,
E'en like those old men's children's children we
May see ourselves rise from our own decay,
The very offspring of our verity.Death is certain for birth.
Is birth certain for death?
Post-birth is pre-death.
It is like go around and return.
Post-death is pre-birth.
It is like stay and remain.
Birth and death is better
Than no birth at all.......(Dedictaed to Unborn Sufferers and Victims)
Who stopped my pulsation
In first days of life exaltation?
Who ended His Blessed Plan?
Intruded with bloody hand
In the realm beyond man?
What savage craze dared to defy His Plan?
What gory hand put an end to a tiny man?
Intruding with bloody plan
On a powerless... vulnerable man?
What savage craze dared to defy His Holy Plan?
Who dares to slaughter His costly creation?
Tear into pieces! ... burn! ...
Do the grisly, damnable mutilation? !
Who would do this to an innocent, tiny man?
Defying His Hallowed Plan?
Barbarism!
Beneath man!
Who stopped my pulsation?
As savage beast terminated
My maturation, and exaltation?
Who ended His Blessed Plan?
Intruded with bloody hand
In the realm beyond man?
Barbarism!
Beneath man!
Satanic barbarism!
Unspeakably lower
Than any living thing!
Beneath! Underneath!
Way behind man!
Unrepentant killers!
Bearing the weight of the slaughter
Dare not! call yourselves 'men'!
But a savage, untamable beast!
Unrepentant slaughterers!
And, all bearing the weight of the slaughter!
At the End...
You will be called
Among creatures 'the least'!
......................................... ................................................. ..........
BEWARE... 'Christ's Blood enters into human parenthood...'I don't care what you say
I don't care how much you deny it
You can't dance your wicked way around the truth anymore
More and more everyday
A crime is being committed
No use in lying, crying or pretending that it ain't happening
Birth control is murder
There!
I said it!
And no way will I take it back
Smothering God's plans for your body beneath your own selfish will is just not right
It's just not holy
It's a sin
That's what it really is
Plain and simple
If you don't want a baby, then for sure there must be something wrong with you
Cos no normal woman would want to take wait or take the chance that never have another shot at that dream
A dream that so many women scream, cry and would even die for
That's why I can't
I just can't understand how so many of you young women can be so selfish
So selfish and cruel that you would't give up a mere 9 months to carry a baby for another woman
No, instead you want to keep that perfect body for your own purposes
No, you would rather spit upon the hopes and dreams of your fellow childless women
Birth control is................MURDER!
Tell me ladies
Just when you are gonna get that through your thick selfish heads?
2008 Ramona ThompsonBirth Day....(my friend's birth day)
shiddath se tha muntazir voh apne janam din ka,
milega kuch aisa thohfa, hoga farhat e jan o dil ka...
baharon ke vo din  aakhir khushee khushee aaj aahigaya,
aaya ek lifafa break up likha huva aur tasveer toote huve dil ka....
qismat e bashar salamath, dekho vo kaisey khushee manaye,
youm e viladath jis kee banjaye youm e tafreeq dil ka...O my faithful Friend!
O early chosen, ever found the same,
And trusted and beloved! once more the verse
Long destin'd, always obvious to thine ear,
Attend indulgent.Small is the new-born plant scarce seen
Amid the soft encircling green,
Where yonder budding acorn rears,
Just o'er the waving grass, its tender head:
Slow pass along the train of years,
And on the growing plant, their dews and showers they shed.
Anon it rears aloft its giant form,
And spreads its broad-brown arms to meet the storm.
Beneath its boughs far shadowing o'er the plain,
From summer suns, repair the grateful village train.
Nor BEDFORD will my friend survey
The book of Nature with unheeding eye;
For never beams the rising orb of day,
For never dimly dies the refluent ray,
But as the moralizer marks the sky,
He broods with strange delight upon futurity.
And we must muse my friend! maturer years
Arise, and other Hopes and other Fears,
For we have past the pleasant plains of Youth.
Oh pleasant plains! that we might stray
For ever o'er your faery ground--
For ever roam your vales around,
Nor onward tempt the dangerous way--
For oh--what numerous foes assail
The Traveller, from that chearful vale!
With toil and heaviness opprest
Seek not the flowery bank for rest,
Tho' there the bowering woodbine spread
Its fragrant shelter o'er thy head,
Tho' Zephyr there should linger long
To hear the sky-lark's wildly-warbled song,
There heedless Youth shalt thou awake
The vengeance of the coiling snake!
Tho' fairly smiles the vernal mead
To tempt thy pilgrim feet, proceed
Hold on thy steady course aright,
Else shalt thou wandering o'er the pathless plain,
When damp and dark descends the night
Shivering and shelterless, repent in vain.
And yet--tho' Dangers lurk on every side
Receive not WORLDLY WISDOM for thy guide!
Beneath his care thou wilt not know
The throb of unavailing woe,
No tear shall tremble in thine eye
Thy breast shall struggle with no sigh,
He will security impart,
But he will apathize thy heart!
Ah no!
Fly Fly that fatal foe,
Virtue shall shrink from his torpedo grasp--
For not more fatal thro' the Wretches veins
Benumb'd in Death's cold pains
Creeps the chill poison of the deadly asp.
Serener joys my friend await
Maturer manhood's steady state.
The wild brook bursting from its source
Meanders on its early course,
Delighting there with winding way
Amid the vernal vale to stray,
Emerging thence more widely spread
It foams along its craggy bed,
And shatter'd with the mighty shock
Rushes from the giddy rock--
Hurl'd headlong o'er the dangerous steep
On runs the current to the deep,
And gathering waters as it goes
Serene and calm the river flows,
Diffuses plenty o'er the smiling coast,
Rolls on its stately waves and is in ocean lost.And wouldst thou seek the low abode
Where PEACE delights to dwell?
Pause Traveller on thy way of life!
With many a snare and peril rife
Is that long labyrinth of road:
Dark is the vale of years before
Pause Traveller on thy way!
Nor dare the dangerous path explore
Till old EXPERIENCE comes to lend his leading ray.
Not he who comes with lanthorn light
Shall guide thy groping pace aright
With faltering feet and slow;
No! let him rear the torch on high
And every maze shall meet thine eye,
And every snare and every foe;
Then with steady step and strong,
Traveller, shalt thou march along.
Tho' POWER invite thee to her hall,
Regard not thou her tempting call
Her splendors meteor glare;
Tho' courteous Flattery there await
And Wealth adorn the dome of State,
There stalks the midnight spectre CARE;
PEACE, Traveller! does not sojourn there.
If FAME allure thee, climb not thou
To that steep mountain's craggy brow
Where stands her stately pile;
For far from thence does PEACE abide,
And thou shall find FAME'S favouring smile
Cold as the feeble Sun on Heclas snow-clad side,
And Traveller! as thou hopest to find
That low and loved abode,
Retire thee from the thronging road
And shun the mob of human kind.
Ah I hear how old EXPERIENCE schools,
"Fly fly the crowd of Knaves and Fools
"And thou shalt fly from woe;
"The one thy heedless heart will greet
"With Judas smile, and thou wilt meet
"In every Fool a Foe!"
So safely mayest thou pass from these,
And reach secure the home of PEACE,
And FRIENDSHIP find thee there.
No happier state can mortal know,
No happier lot can Earth bestow
If LOVE thy lot shall share.
Yet still CONTENT with him may dwell
Whom HYMEN will not bless,
And VIRTUE sojourn in the cell
Of HERMIT HAPPINESS.as i remember my day
with the angel by the side
embracing the time unstocked
as resourced from the womb
with the verses by the heart well-define
as i share those when mutterings
yet the whispers of solemn river
when curved over cravings undiscovered
yet sweet words in mute undertones
crystals of the glass dazzling
quite breakable as nobody knows
even may cruise and handle with care
still it ripples from the skin
from the temple’s stone
the birds chirrups over the tree
nest when hanging by hinges of the breeze
my moments of the time peeling off
ravings when melting slowly by the hours
i look back as the leaf falling apart
from its core i look forward with anger.For Alexandra, born May 17, 1999
Armored in red, her voice commands
every corner. Bells gong on squares,
in steeples, answering the prayers.
Bright tulips crown the boulevards.
Pulled from the womb she imitates
that mythic kick from some god's head.
She roars, and we are conquered.
Her legs, set free, combat the air.
Naked warrior: she is our own.
Entire empires are overthrown.Joy is a trick in the air; pleasure is merely
contemptible, the dangled
Carrot the ass follows to market or precipice;
But limitary pain -- the rock under the tower
and the hewn coping
That takes thunder at the head of the turret-
Terrible and real. Therefore a mindless dervish
carving himself
With knives will seem to have conquered the world.
The world's God is treacherous and full of
unreason; a torturer, but also
The only foundation and the only fountain.
Who fights him eats his own flesh and perishes
of hunger; who hides in the grave
To escape him is dead; who enters the Indian
Recession to escape him is dead; who falls in
love with the God is washed clean
Of death desired and of death dreaded.
He has joy, but Joy is a trick in the air; and
pleasure, but pleasure is contemptible;
And peace; and is based on solider than pain.
He has broken boundaries a little and that will
estrange him; he is monstrous, but not
To the measure of the God.... But I having told
you--
However I suppose that few in the world have
energy to hear effectively-
Have paid my birth-dues; am quits with the
people.
Submitted by HoltBIRTH IS BEGINNING
Birth is beginning,
Hope is its name-
A child gives meaning to the world.Behold her,
Running through the waves
Eager to reach the land;
The water laps her,
Sun and wind are on her,
Healthy, brine-drenched and young,
Behold Desire new-born;-
Desire on first fulfillment's radiant edge,
Love at miraculous moment of emergence,
This is she,
Who running,
Hastens, hastens to the land.
Look. . Look. .
Her blown gold hair and lucent eyes of youth,
Her body rose and ivory in the sun. .
Look,
How he hastens,
Running, running to the land.
Her hands are yearning and her feet are swift
To reach and hold
She knows not what
Yet knows that it is life;
Need urges her,
Self, uncomprehended but most deep divined,
Unwilled but all-comprelling, drives her on.
Life runs to life.
She who longs,
But hath not yet accepted or bestowed,
All virginal dear and bright,
Runs, runs to reach the land.
And she who runs shall be
married to blue of summer skies at noon,
companion to green fields,
held bride to subtle fragrance and of all sweet sound,
beloved of the stars,
and wanton priestess to the veering winds.
Oh breathless space between:
Womb-time just passed,
Dark-hidden, chaotic formative, unpersonal,
And individual life of fresh-created force
Not yet begun:
One moment more
Before desire shall meet desire
And new creation start.
Oh breathless space,
While she,
Just risen from the waves,
Runs, runs to reach the land.
(Ah, keenest personal moment
When mouth unkissed turns eager-slow and tremulous
Toward lover's mouth,
That tremulous and eager-slow
Droops down to it:
But breathless space of breath or two
Lies in between
Before the mouth upturned and mouth down-drooped
Shall meet and make the kiss.)
Look. . Look. .
She runs. .
Love fresh-emerged,
Desire new-born. .
Blown on by wind,
And shone on by the sun,
She rises from the waves
And running,
Hasten, hastens to the land.
Belove'd and Belove'd and Belove'd,
Even so right
And beautiful and
Is my desire;
Even so longing-swift
I run to your receiving arms.
O Aphrodite!
O Aphrodite hear!
Hear my wrung cry flame upward poignant-glad…
This is my time for me.
I too am young;
I too am all of love!… birth of a day
An endlessness, gifted:
maddening passion
wrapped in blue, red and green
to make love to the  enormity of littleness…[]
moments wanted to be married  [moments which…]
but time not yet born…
thirst frozen-steaming cup of coffee
time alive-the clock on the wall dead
so many tomorrows- today has for us
A new moon day …
…in the nights of these -each living…
Dear endless sky-never shall you be walking in the dark
Without the stars-
…so far gone…
…still the fragrance from the empty bottle of perfume lingering in and around
Wherever I go…I tried and tried again
To write a poem from beginning to end.
Though this is what I planned at first.
The night goes on and my writing gets worse.
I decided to print during the night.
It's the only thing that seems to look right.
I know I'll be marked from one to ten,
Are they my teacher's or  my friend.
Crumbled papers gather around my knees,
A glass of water is all I really need.
Laundry's done,  and I had my bath,
Back again, quick as a flash.
Fearful that I'll write a bummer,
Time slips by as I sit and wonder,
Who ever thought that writing a verse,
Would be so hard,  Though math is worse.
Twelve o'clock and all is well,
My head's getting big,  It's starting to swell.
A pen in hand felt like my only friend.
Before I realized it,  I reached the end.a prisoner
of my own wish,
for loneliness.
my soul seperates
to another world,
when myraid thoughts,
make entry,
into my mind.
spearing through
in fast speed,
an idea promptly
developing,
into a poem.
at other times,
all my thoughts,
form into a knotted ball,
and fall into,
a dark abyss
of blackness.
but when i climb,
the staircase of darkness
suddenly a light reveals
to show me, that
i belong to another world
and a new poem is born.As women are full with their
unborn children, so it is that
I am filled with my unborn words.
As a mother who loves her child
that is yet to be seen, so to, do I
yearn for words which are unborn
and lie in darkness.
I say to myself, 'come to the light,
come forth from me, that I might
see you...so that I might see my
child that is born of thought.
©Joe Faziono religion will bring it to you
no merchant can supply it.
no king may decree it.
no empire implores it
it cannot exist until they are gone
it will not be born until the will of Man is broken
when religion becomes the tool of nature
when merchants live with the forest.
when kings hear the song of the Earth
when empires dance to the rhythms of the people
it cannot live until all we know is dead
it will not know the light until the long Day is done.
peaceThe dark hour.
Pitch black.
The night sparks,
with sudden stars.
With a glory unattained,
the night-shroud whispers
to the tumultuous ocean,
a longing unknown.
Breaks from the unfathomable darkness,
chaos of a roaring dawn.
stamping its thump
in this lonely night sky.
An endeavour
to sweep the earth off its feet.
Leaps of joy,
in the boundless ocean.
the cumulative sorrow, a burden unshed,
smothered in a second.
All that was,
vanishes…
for all that is, to come.
and thus ends a creation,
to create the uncreated.It was quiet
as bone.
I felt I was
in a cage.
I was a curve
lost in space
not thinking
thinking of nothing
in particular
or perhaps 'Man...
I so want to be
outta here! '
Next minute
I was being
fashioned into
WOMAN.
My own
person
no longer just
part of him.
Even God had to admit
I was an immense
improvement
(I think he fancied
me himself)
on old Adam.
I thought the world
was my oyster
sent out for
some Chinese
spare ribs
smoothered in a black bean sauce.
Then I got on
with the business
of making
the world.Oh happy days, we chide the voluptuous
memories began by youthful inclinations
the gleeful hours not wasted beyond,
easy way nor hard-knocked plays.
The temblor matters not, terribly
shaken by promiscuous advances:
the lust within not abandoned
by whims burst into ventured array!
Ah! It sets out free the weight bounded
on and on, closer than it were old.
On days of labor, she cried the unwilling
song began by moans and censures-
but, it was too late looking back
behind the closed curtains of woes.
The pains never cease at will nor ordered
by the command of nature or so-
thus, the expected cried hard
and embroiled ceasing silence by cant.
Oh, why this beauty of procreation
hound every way of living days beyond!
On days of growth and trimming by
the whims began to show alluring-
the painful days forgotten and faded
another plant cropped in tow...
When will this trade of angels come not
this material world turning and glow?
Even those at odds giving their share
and every thing are tremored disarray!
No wonder, the plentiful harvest drained
no share given nor share to behold.
On days of compunction, we chant by
the hyperbole of songs and praises-
and hysterious hygiene of woes
stalked the hustles and panting prays...
Thence, the culprit of it all shied away
hostily humming in cheerful quest
and tearing down the torrid walls
with a pinch of dusts blown instead!
No reasons of thoughts can allure
the nature's gallows, a galant stand fall.In an open field I sit,
my life has turned to shit;
as I take this blade,
and I make my slit.
In the light of the moon.
I'll end my life here tonight;
enthralled to watch my blood flow,
under pale moonlight, at midnight.
A deep angled cut,
to make things right,
as I see this blade,
reflecting the light.
Staring up at the moon,
my mind will depart soon;
it's almost time for me to go,
soothing feelings of vertigo.
May my blood...
seep back into this earth;
ending my life...
returning me back to birth...You can never lose that part of you
Our hearts were beating as one
You nourished me made a home for me
When I gazed upon you I cried
For a moment I needed to return inside
Bringing comfort
So much to teach
Longing for speech
You make me stand tall even when I fall
Our lives together
Eternal connection
That cannot be broken even in separation
Not just for set backs
You are my inspiration
Through my creation
Though I fail often to show it
You are my devotionBefore we knew
anything at all about sex
we knew
all about our birth
stories.
Our Mam
would recall & regale us all
(setting the table...peeling spuds...sweeping out the hall)
with the intimate
details
of all
our births.
“Tell us of US again...Mam...tell of us again! ”
I was small
(2lbs 2 ounces)
hardly anything
at all.
A mere scrap of
human being.
Blathin Ashling
was even smaller
(1 lb something or other)
...a little miracle.
Was it Deirdre
with the cord wrapped
around her neck
fighting both
Life & Death
‘til she was blue
In the face
Or Grainne
with the cord so thin
she was born just in
the nick of time
& the cord(just a hair’s
breath)
floats eternally now
(in a glass of formaldehyde  still)
for doctors to astonish
& marvel at.
And how
there being no incubators
when I came into being
they had to wrap
me up
in cotton wool
(as if I were a
precious thing)
in order to keep
me warm
but I wasn’t having
any of it
kicking my way
out of the stuff
only for them
to repackage
me again!
And again...& again.
And here(in 1956)
I arrive on the scene
tip toeing out into
Life
with cool coal black
full length sideburns
ready to rock
& roll man
as the labour ward radio
played
the hit
of the day
“CE SERA...SERA! ”
It’s almost as if
I can still hear
Doris singing
our whatevers
will bes.
Our birth
story
each our
first fairy story
& we
the Prince & Princesses
of it
all.Blind from my birth,
Where flowers are springing
I sit on earth
All dark.
Hark! hark!
A lark is singing.
His notes are all for me,
For me his mirth: -
Till some day I shall see
Beautiful flowers
And birds in bowers
Where all Joy Bells are ringing.Our vows are heard betimes, and heaven takes care
To grant, before we can conclude the prayer;
Preventing angels met it half the way,
And sent us back to praise, who came to pray.
Just on the day, when the high-mounted sun
Did farthest in his northern progress run,
He bended forward, and even stretched the sphere
Beyond the limits of the lengthened year,
To view a brighter sun in Britain born;
That was the business of his longest morn;
The glorious object seen, 'twas time to turn.
Departing spring could only stay to shed
Her bloomy beauties on the genial bed,
But left the manly summer in her stead,
With timely fruit the longing land to cheer,
And to fulfil the promise of the year.
Betwixt two seasons comes the auspicious heir,
This age to blossom, and the next to bear.
Last solemn Sabbath saw the Church attend,
The Paraclete in fiery pomp descend;
But when his wondrous octave rolled again,
He brought a royal infant in his train:
So great a blessing to so good a king,
None but the Eternal Comforter could bring.
Or did the mighty Trinity conspire,
As once in council to create our sire?
It seems as if they sent the new-born guest,
To wait on the procession of their feast;
And on their sacred anniverse decreed
To stamp their image on the promised seed.
Three realms united, and on one bestowed,
An emblem of their mystic union showed;
The Mighty Trine the triple empire shared,
As every person would have one to guard.
Hail, son of prayers! by holy violence
Drawn down from heaven; but long be banished thence,
And late to thy paternal skies retire!
To mend our crimes, whole ages would require;
To change the inveterate habit of our sins,
And finish what thy godlike sire begins.
Kind heaven, to make us Englishmen again,
No less can give us than a patriarch's reign.
The sacred cradle to your charge receive,
Ye seraphs, and by turns the guard relieve;
Thy father's angel, and thy father join,
To keep possession, and secure the line;
But long defer the honours of thy fate;
Great may they be like his, like his be late,
That James this running century may view,
And give this son an auspice to the new.
Our wants exact at least that moderate stay;
For, see the dragon winged on his way,
To watch the travail, and devour the prey:
Or, if allusions may not rise so high,
Thus, when Alcides raised his infant cry,
The snakes besieged his young divinity;
But vainly with their forked tongues they threat,
For opposition makes a hero great.
To needful succour all the good will run,
And Jove assert the godhead of his son.
O still repining at your present state,
Grudging yourselves the benefits of fate;
Look up, and read in characters of light
A blessing sent you in your own despite!
The manna falls, yet that celestial bread,
Like Jews, you munch, and murmur while you feed.
May not your fortune be, like theirs, exiled,
Yet forty years to wander in the wild!
Or, if it be, may Moses live at least,
To lead you to the verge of promised rest!
Though poets are not prophets, to foreknow
What plants will take the blight, and what will grow,
By tracing heaven, his footsteps may be found;
Behold, how awfully he walks the round!
God is abroad, and, wondrous in his ways,
The rise of empires, and their fall, surveys;
More, might I say, than with an usual eye,
He sees his bleeding Church in ruins lie,
And hears the souls of saints beneath his altar cry.
Already has he lifted high the sign,
Which crowned the conquering arms of Constantine,
The moon grows pale at that presaging sight,
And half her train of stars have lost their light.
Behold another Sylvester, to bless
The sacred standard, and secure success;
Large of his treasures, of a soul so great,
As fills and crowds his universal seat.
Now view at home a second Constantine;
(The former too was of the British line,)
Has not his healing balm your breaches closed,
Whose exile many sought, and few opposed?
O, did not Heaven, by its eternal doom,
Permit those evils, that this good might come?
So manifest, that even the moon-eyed sects
See whom and what this Providence protects.
Methinks, had we within our minds no more
Than that one shipwrack on the fatal Ore,
That only thought may make us think again,
What wonders God reserves for such a reign.
To dream, that chance his preservation wrought,
Were to think Noah was preserved for nought;
Or the surviving eight were not designed
To people earth, and to restore their kind.
When humbly on the royal babe we gaze,
The manly lines of a majestic face
Give awful joy; 'tis paradise to look
On the fair frontispiece of nature's book:
If the first opening page so charms the sight,
Think how the unfolded volume will delight!
See how the venerable infant lies
In early pomp; how through the mother's eyes
The father's soul, with an undaunted view,
Looks out, and takes our homage as his due!
See on his future subjects how he smiles,
Nor meanly flatters, nor with craft beguiles;
But with an open face, as on his throne,
Assures our birthrights, and assumes his own.
Born in broad day-light, that the ungrateful rout
May find no room for a remaining doubt;
Truth, which itself is light, does darkness shun,
And the true eaglet safely dares the sun.
Fain would the fiends have made a dubious birth,
Loath to confess the godhead clothed in earth;
But, sickened, after all their baffled lies,
To find an heir apparent of the skies,
Abandoned to despair, still may they grudge,
And, owning not the Saviour, prove the judge.
Not great Æneas stood in plainer day,
When the dark mantling mist dissolved away;
He to the Tyrians showed his sudden face,
Shining with all his goddess mother's grace;
For she herself had made his countenance bright,
Breathed honour on his eyes, and her own purple light.
If our victorious Edward, as they say,
Gave Wales a prince on that propitious day,
Why may not years revolving with his fate
Produce his like, but with a longer date;
One, who may carry to a distant shore
The terror that his famed forefather bore?
But why should James, or his young hero, stay
For slight presages of a name or day?
We need no Edward's fortune to adorn
That happy moment when our prince was born;
Our prince adorns this day, and ages hence
Shall wish his birthday for some future prince.
Great Michael, prince of all the ethereal hosts,
And whate'er inborn saints our Britain boasts;
And thou, the adopted patron of our isle,
With cheerful aspects on this infant smile!
The pledge of heaven, which, dropping from above,
Secures our bliss, and reconciles his love.
Enough of ills our dire rebellion wrought,
When to the dregs we drank the bitter draught;
Then airy atoms did in plagues conspire,
Nor did the avenging angel yet retire,
But purged our still-increasing crimes with fire.
Then perjured plots, the still impending test,
And worse—but charity conceals the rest.
Here stop the current of the sanguine flood;
Require not, gracious God! thy martyrs' blood;
But let their dying pangs, their living toil,
Spread a rich harvest through their native soil;
A harvest ripening for another reign,
Of which this royal babe may reap the grain.
Enough of early saints one womb has given,
Enough increased the family of heaven;
Let them for his and our atonement go,
And, reigning blest above, leave him to rule below.
Enough already has the year foreslowed
His wonted course, the sea has overflowed,
The meads were floated with a weeping spring,
And frightened birds in woods forgot to sing;
The strong-limbed steed beneath his harness faints,
And the same shivering sweat his lord attaints.
When will the minister of wrath give o'er?
Behold him at Araunah's threshing-floor!
He stops, and seems to sheathe his flaming brand,
Pleased with burnt incense from our David's hand;
David has bought the Jebusite's abode,
And raised an altar to the living God.
Heaven, to reward him, makes his joys sincere;
No future ills nor accidents appear,
To sully and pollute the sacred infant's year.
Five months to discord and debate were given;
He sanctifies the yet remaining seven.
Sabbath of months! henceforth in him be blest,
And prelude to the realms perpetual rest!
Let his baptismal drops for us atone;
Lustrations for offences not his own:
Let conscience, which is interest ill disguised,
In the same font be cleansed, and all the land baptized.
Unnamed as yet; at least unknown to fame;
Is there a strife in heaven about his name,
Where every famous predecessor vies,
And makes a faction for it in the skies?
Or must it be reserved to thought alone?
Such was the sacred Tetragrammaton.
Things worthy silence must not be revealed;
Thus the true name of Rome was kept concealed,
To shun the spells and sorceries of those
Who durst her infant majesty oppose.
But when his tender strength in time shall rise
To dare ill tongues, and fascinating eyes,
This isle, which hides the little Thunderer's fame,
Shall be too narrow to contain his name:
The artillery of heaven shall make him known;
Crete could not hold the god, when Jove was grown.
As Jove's increase, who from his brain was born,
Whom arms and arts did equally adorn,
Free of the breast was bred, whose milky taste
Minerva's name to Venus had debased;
So this imperial babe rejects the food,
That mixes monarch's with plebeian blood:
Food that his inborn courage might control,
Extinguish all the father in his soul,
And for his Estian race, and Saxon strain,
Might reproduce some second Richard's reign.
Mildness he shares from both his parents' blood;
But kings too tame are despicably good:
Be this the mixture of this regal child,
By nature manly, but by virtue mild.
Thus far the furious transport of the news
Had to prophetic madness fired the muse;
Madness ungovernable, uninspired,
Swift to foretell whatever she desired.
Was it for me the dark abyss to tread,
And read the book which angels cannot read?
How was I punished, when the sudden blast
The face of heaven, and our young sun, o'ercast!
Fame, the swift ill increasing as she rolled,
Disease, despair, and death, at three reprises told:
At three insulting strides she stalked the town,
And, like contagion, struck the loyal down.
Down fell the winnowed wheat; but, mounted high,
The whirlwind bore the chaff, and hid the sky.
Here black rebellion shooting from below,
(As earth's gigantic brood by moments grow,)
And here the sons of God are petrified with woe:
An apoplex of grief! so low were driven
The saints, as hardly to defend their heaven.
As, when pent vapours run their hollow round,
Earthquakes, which are convulsions of the ground,
Break bellowing forth, and no confinement brook,
Till the third settles what the former shook;
Such heavings had our souls, till, slow and late,
Our life with his returned, and faith prevailed on fate.
By prayers the mighty blessing was implored,
To prayers was granted, and by prayers restored.
So, ere the Shunamite a son conceived,
The prophet promised, and the wife believed;
A son was sent, the son so much desired,
But soon upon the mother's knees expired.
The troubled seer approached the mournful door,
Ran, prayed, and sent his pastoral staff before,
Then stretched his limbs upon the child, and mourned,
Till warmth, and breath, and a new soul returned.
Thus Mercy stretches out her hand, and saves
Desponding Peter, sinking in the waves.
As when a sudden storm of hail and rain
Beats to the ground the yet unbearded grain,
Think not the hopes of harvest are destroyed
On the flat field, and on the naked void;
The light, unloaded stem, from tempest freed,
Will raise the youthful honours of his head;
And, soon restored by native vigour, bear
The timely product of the bounteous year.
Nor yet conclude all fiery trials past,
For heaven will exercise us to the last;
Sometimes will check us in our full career,
With doubtful blessings, and with mingled fear,
That, still depending on his daily grace,
His every mercy for an alms may pass;
With sparing hands will diet us to good,
Preventing surfeits of our pampered blood.
So feeds the mother bird her craving young
With little morsels, and delays them long.
True, this last blessing was a royal feast;
But where's the wedding-garment on the guest?
Our manners, as religion were a dream,
Are such as teach the nations to blaspheme.
In lusts we wallow, and with pride we swell,
And injuries with injuries repel;
Prompt to revenge, not daring to forgive,
Our lives unteach the doctrine we believe.
Thus Israel sinned, impenitently hard,
And vainly thought the present ark their guard;
But when the haughty Philistines appear,
They fled, abandoned to their foes and fear;
Their God was absent, though his ark was there.
Ah! lest our crimes should snatch this pledge away,
And make our joys the blessings of a day!
For we have sinned him hence, and that he lives,
God to his promise, not our practice, gives.
Our crimes would soon weigh down the guilty scale,
But James and Mary, and the Church prevail.
Nor Amalek can rout the chosen bands,
While Hur and Aaron hold up Moses' hands.
By living well, let us secure his days,
Moderate in hopes, and humble in our ways.
No force the free-born spirit can constrain,
But charity, and great examples gain.
Forgiveness is our thanks for such a day;
'Tis godlike God in his own coin to pay.
But you, propitious queen, translated here,
From your mild heaven, to rule our rugged sphere,
Beyond the sunny walks, and circling year;
You, who your native climate have bereft
Of all the virtues, and the vices left;
Whom piety and beauty make their boast,
Though beautiful is well in pious lost;
So lost as star-light is dissolved away,
And melts into the brightness of the day;
Or gold about the royal diadem,
Lost, to improve the lustre of the gem,—
What can we add to your triumphant day?
Let the great gift the beauteous giver pay;
For should our thanks awake the risingsun,
And lengthen, as his latest shadows run,
That, though the longest day, would soon, too soon be done.
Let angels' voices with their harps conspire,
But keep the auspicious infant from the choir;
Late let him sing above, and let us know
No sweeter music than his cries below.
Nor can I wish to you, great monarch, more
Than such an annual income to your store;
The day, which gave this unit, did not shine
For a less omen, than to fill the trine.
After a prince, an admiral beget;
The Royal Sovereign wants an anchor yet.
Our isle has younger titles still in store,
And when the exhausted land can yield no more,
Your line can force them from a foreign shore.
The name of Great your martial mind will suit;
But justice is your darling attribute:
Of all the Greeks, 'twas but one hero's due,
And, in him, Plutarch prophesied of you.
A prince's favours but on few can fall,
But justice is a virtue shared by all.
Some kings the name of conquerors have assumed,
Some to be great, some to be gods presumed;
But boundless power, and arbitrary lust,
Made tyrants still abhor the name of Just;
They shunned the praise this godlike virtue gives
And feared a title that reproached their lives.
The power, from which all kings derive their state,
Whom they pretend, at least, to imitate,
Is equal both to punish and reward;
For few would love their God, unless they feared.
Resistless force and immortality
Make but a lame, imperfect deity;
Tempests have force unbounded to destroy,
And deathless being even the damned enjoy;
And yet heaven's attributes, both last and first;
One without life, and one with life accurst;
But justice is heaven's self, so strictly he,
That could it fail, the godhead could not be.
This virtue is your own; but life and state
Are, one to fortune subject, one to fate:
Equal to all, you justly frown or smile;
Nor hopes nor fears your steady hand beguile;
Yourself our balance hold, the world's our isle.Gautama Buddha was the founder of Buddhism Religion.  He was born in 560 BC and died at the age of 80 in 480 BC.  His life story is known to the world as a popular reformer in the spiritual world. His life story goes:
GAUTAMA BUDDHA
Before the Christian era,
In the 6th century, in India,
The religion was forgotten.
To winds, it was thrown.
It was a period of chaos,
None cared for the Vedas,
When the priests dictated,
And on religion, they traded.
In many unscrupulous ways,
They all amassed riches.
In exploiting their followers,
They were totally irreligious.
They performed those rituals,
Which were so meaningless,
Like killing dumb animals,
As part of cruel sacrifices.
Righteousness was nowhere.
Degeneration was everywhere.
In this irreligious background,
The priest-craft well flourished.
When the virtue subsides
And the vice prevails,
Himself, God descends,
Or messengers, He sends.
To set right this disorder,
There came a reformer,
As Godsend messenger
To spread love everywhere.
For this divine reason,
Although out of season,
To indicate his arrival sign,
There fell a gentle rain.
The flowers bloomed well,
Spreading delicious smell,
That filled the air around,
As one more sign, it was found.
In this holy atmosphere,
Amidst joy everywhere,
Gautama Buddha was born,
As a Savior from the heaven.Siddhartha loved his wife
More than his own life.
In the pleasure palace,
He enjoyed music and dance.
Some time he was restless
Yashodhara noticed this.
But she couldn’t guess,
The reason for his worries.
Though physically he was
With her in their palace,
He was elsewhere mentally.
Like this, she felt naturally.
Outside the pleasure palace,
There was something else,
Which he had never seen.
To see it, he was so keen.
But he couldn’t go out
As the security was tight.
To go out of the palace
He waited for a chance.
She delivered, one fine morn,
As expected, a beautiful son.
A messenger made a mention
“Oh prince, a son is born.”
“Rahula! ” Said the prince,
In a low whispering voice,
“Obstacle, ” what it meant.
The messenger mistook it.
It’s a name, what he thought.
To the King, he conveyed it.
So, they named the child
“Rahula, ” as the prince told.
As an obstacle, any day,
Never Rahula was on his way.
He too wasn’t bound,
By the new born child.
Before his love developed,
He had left the child,
But was happy, he had a son,
As an heir to the throne.
Years later, Rahula was one,
Among the main disciples ten,
So, the word ‘obstacle’ lost
What it signified, at last.At this glad Triumph, when most Poets use
Their quill, I did not bridle up my Muse
For sloth or less devotion. I am one
That can well keep my Holy-dayes at home;
That can the blessings of my King and State
Better in pray'r then poems gratulate;
And in their fortunes bear a loyal part,
Though I no bone-fires light but in my heart.
Truth is, when I receiv'd the first report
Of a new Starre risen and seen at Court;
Though I felt joy enough to give a tongue
Unto a mute, yet duty strook me dumb:
And thus surpriz'd by rumour, at first sight
I held it some allegiance not to write.
For howere Children, unto those that look
Their pedigree in God's, not the Church book,
Fair pledges are of that eternitie
Which Christians possess not till they die;
Yet they appear view'd in that perspective
Through which we look on men long since alive,
Like succours in a Camp, sent to make good
Their place that last upon the watches stood.
So that in age, or fate, each following birth
Doth set the Parent so much neerer earth:
And by this Grammar we our heirs may call
The smiling Preface to our funerall.
This sadded my soft sense, to think that he
Who now makes Lawes, should by a bold decree
Be summon'd hence to make another room,
And change his Royal Palace for a tomb.
For none ere truly lov'd the present light,
But griev'd to see it rivall'd by the night:
And if't be sin to wish that light extinct,
Sorrow may make it treason but to think't.
I know each male-content or giddy man,
In his religion with the Persian,
Adores the rising Sun; and his false view
Best likes not what is best, but what is new.
O that we could these gangrenes so prevent
(For our own blessing and their punishment)
That all such might, who for wild changes thirst,
Rack't on a hopeless expectation, burst,
To see us fetter time, and by his stay
To a consistence fix the flying day;
And in a Solstice by our prayers made,
Rescue our Sun from death or envies shade.
But here we dally with fate, and in this
Stern Destiny mocks and controules our wish;
Informing us, if fathers should remain
For ever here, children were born in vain;
And we in vain were Christians, should we
In this world dream of perpetuitie.
Decay is natures Kalendar; nor can
It hurt the King to think he is a man;
Nor grieve, but comfort him, to hear us say
That his own children must his Scepter sway.
Why slack I then to contribute a vote
Large as the Kingdoms joy, free as my thought?
Long live the Prince, and in that title bear
The world long witness that the King is here:
May he grow up till all that good he reach
Which we can wish, or his Great Father teach:
Let him shine long a mark to Land and Mayn,
Like that bright Spark plac't neerest to Charles Wayn,
And like him lead successions golden Teame,
Which may possess the Brittish Diademe.
But in the mean space, let his Royal Sire,
Who warmes our hopes with true Promethean fire,
So long his course in time and glory run,
Till he estate his vertue on his son.
So in his Fathers dayes this happy One
Shall crowned be, yet not usurp the Throne;
And Charles reign still, since thus himself will be
Heir to himself through all Posteritie.‘... unless a kernel of wheat falls to the ground and dies, it remains only a single seed. But if it dies, it produces many seeds.’
(Jesus Christ)
I won´t forget the day
I stumbled on a pearl
On my way to the graveyard.
Since then our roads
Have drifted apart.
You tell me
I  died from  a gush of water
Sprayed out of the fountain,
Others  say I  choke to death
From a gust of fresh wind.
As I walked up that  road
Your laughter was everything I heard,
Since then our paths have slowly blurred.
You wonder why I ´ve been
Prospecting  for gold
Just to  load my  gilt gun
To shoot me dead.
Yes, you are right!
I started to see the day I became blind.
I started to live the day I died.Death and birth should dwell not near together:
Wealth keeps house not, even for shame, with dearth:
Fate doth ill to link in one brief tether
Death and birth.
Harsh the yoke that binds them, strange the girth
Seems that girds them each with each:  yet whether
Death be best, who knows, or life on earth?
Ill the rose-red and the sable feather
Blend in one crown's plume, as grief with mirth:
Ill met still are warm and wintry weather,
Death and birth.'Tis the midnight hour; I heard
The Abbey-bell give out the word.
Seldom is the lamp-ray shed
On some dwarfed foot-farer's head
In the deep and narrow street
Lying ditch-like at my feet
Where I stand at lattice high
Downward gazing listlessly
From my house upon the rock,
Peak of earth's foundation-block.
There her windows, every story,
Shine with far-off nebulous glory!
Round her in that luminous cloud
Stars obedient press and crowd,
She the centre of all gazing,
She the sun her planets dazing!
In her eyes' victorious lightning
Some are paling, some are brightening:
Those on which they gracious turn,
Stars combust, all tenfold burn;
Those from which they look away
Listless roam in twilight gray!
When on her my looks I bent
Wonder shook me like a tent,
And my eyes grew dim with sheen,
Wasting light upon its queen!
But though she my eyes might chain,
Rule my ebbing flowing brain,
Truth alone, without, within,
Can the soul's high homage win!
He, I do not doubt, is there
Who unveiled my idol fair!
And I thank him, grateful much,
Though his end was none of such.
He from shapely lips of wit
Let the fire-flakes lightly flit,
Scorching as the snow that fell
On the damned in Dante's hell;
With keen, gentle opposition,
Playful, merciless precision,
Mocked the sweet romance of youth
Balancing on spheric truth;
He on sense's firm set plane
Rolled the unstable ball amain:
With a smile she looked at me,
Stung my soul, and set me free.
Welcome, friend! Bring in your bricks.
Mortar there? No need to mix?
That is well. And picks and hammers?
Verily these are no shammers!-
There, my friend, build up that niche,
That one with the painting rich!
Yes, you're right; it is a show
Picture seldom can bestow;
City palaces and towers,
Terraced gardens, twilight bowers,
Vistas deep through swaying masts,
Pennons flaunting in the blasts:
Build; my room it does not fit;
Brick-glaze is the thing for it!
Yes, a window you may call it;
Not the less up you must wall it:
In that niche the dead world lies;
Bury death, and free mine eyes.
There were youths who held by me,
Said I taught, yet left them free:
Will they do as I said then?
God forbid! As ye are men,
Find the secret-follow and find!
All forget that lies behind;
Me, the schools, yourselves, forsake;
In your souls a silence make;
Hearken till a whisper come,
Listen, follow, and be dumb.
There! 'tis over; I am dead!
Of my life the broken thread
Here I cast out of my hand!-
O my soul, the merry land!
On my heart the sinking vault
Of my ruining past makes halt;
Ages I could sit and moan
For the shining world that's gone!
Haste and pierce the other wall;
Break an opening to the All!
Where? No matter; done is best.
Kind of window? Let that rest:
Who at morning ever lies
Pondering how to ope his eyes!
I bethink me: we must fall
On the thinnest of the wall!
There it must be, in that niche!-
No, the deepest-that in which
Stands the Crucifix.
You start?-
Ah, your half-believing heart
Shrinks from that as sacrilege,
Or, at least, upon its edge!
Worse than sacrilege, I say,
Is it to withhold the day
From the brother whom thou knowest
For the God thou never sawest!
Reverently, O marble cold,
Thee in living arms I fold!
Thou who art thyself the way
From the darkness to the day,
Window, thou, to every land,
Wouldst not one dread moment stand
Shutting out the air and sky
And the dayspring from on high!
Brother with the rugged crown,
Gently thus I lift thee down!
Give me pick and hammer; you
Stand aside; the deed I'll do.
Yes, in truth, I have small skill,
But the best thing is the will.
Stroke on stroke! The frescoed plaster
Clashes downward, fast and faster.
Hark, I hear an outer stone
Down the rough rock rumbling thrown!
There's a cranny! there's a crack!
The great sun is at its back!
Lo, a mass is outward flung!
In the universe hath sprung!
See the gold upon the blue!
See the sun come blinding through!
See the far-off mountain shine
In the dazzling light divine!
Prisoned world, thy captive's gone!
Welcome wind, and sky, and sun!Urg'd by the warmth of Friendship's sacred flame,
But more by all the glories of thy fame;
By all those offsprings of thy learned mind,
In judgment solid, as in wit refin'd,
Resolv'd I sing: Tho' lab'ring up the way
To reach my theme, O Swift, accept my lay.
Rapt by the force of thought, and rais'd above,
Thro' Contemplation's airy fields I rove;
Where pow'rful Fancy purifies my eye,
And lights the beauties of a brighter sky;
Fresh paints the meadows, bids green shades ascend,
Clear rivers wind, and op'ning plains extend;
Then fills its landscape thro' the vary'd parts
With Virtues, Graces, Sciences, and Arts:
Superiour Forms, of more than mortal air,
More large than mortals, more serenely fair.
Of these two Chiefs, the guardians of thy name,
Conspire to raise thee to the point of fame.
Ye Future Times, I heard the silver sound!
I saw the Graces form a circle round!
Each, where she fix'd, attentive seem'd to root,
And all, but Eloquence herself, was mute.
High o'er the rest I see the Goddess rise,
Loose to the breeze her upper garment flies:
By turns, within her eyes the Passions burn,
And softer Passions languish in their turn:
Upon her tongue Persuasion, or Command;
And decent Action dwells upon her hand.
From out her breast ('twas there the treasure lay)
She drew thy labours to the blaze of day.
Then gaz'd, and read the charms she could inspire,
And taught the list'ning audience to admire,
How strong thy flight, how large thy grasp of thought,
How just thy schemes, how regularly wrought;
How sure you wound when Ironies deride,
Which must be seen, and feign to turn aside.
'Twas thus exploring she rejoic'd to see
Her brightest features drawn so near by thee:
Then here, she cries, let future ages dwell,
And learn to copy where they can't excel.
She spake. Applause attended on the close:
Then Poesy, her sister-art, arose;
Her fairer sister, born in deeper ease,
Not made so much for bus'ness, more to please.
Upon her cheek sits Beauty, ever young;
The Soul of Music warbles on her tongue;
Bright in her eyes a pleasing Ardour glows,
And from her heart the sweetest Temper flows:
A laurel-wreath adorns her curls of hair,
And binds their order to the dancing air:
She shakes the colours of her radiant wing,
And, from the Spheres, she takes a pitch to sing.
Thrice happy Genius his, whose Works have hit
The lucky point of bus'ness and of wit.
They seem like show'rs, which April months prepare
To call their flow'ry glories up to air:
The drops descending, take the painted bow,
And dress with sunshine, while for good they flow.
To me retiring oft, he finds relief
In slowly-wasting care, and biting grief:
From me retreating oft, he gives to view
What eases care and grief in others too.
Ye fondly grave, be wise enough to know,
'Life ne'er unbent were but a life of woe.'
Some full in stretch for greatness, some for gain,
On his own rack each puts himself to pain.
I'll gently steal you from your toils away,
Where balmy winds with scents ambrosial play;
Where, on the banks as crystal rivers flow,
They teach immortal amarants to grow:
Then, from the mild indulgence of the scene,
Restore your tempers strong for toils again.
She ceas'd: Soft music trembled in the wind,
And sweet delight diffus'd thro' ev'ry mind:
The little Smiles, which still the Goddess grace,
Sportive arose, and ran from face to face.
But chief (and in that place the Virtues bless)
A gentle band their eager joys express:
Here Friendship asks, and Love of Merit longs
To hear the Goddesses renew their songs;
Here great Benevolence to Man is pleas'd;
These own their Swift, and grateful hear him prais'd.
You gentle band, you well may bear your part,
You reign Superior Graces in his heart.
O swift! if fame be life, (as well we know
That Bards and Heroes have esteem'd it so)
Thou canst not wholly die; thy works will shine
To future times, and Life in Fame be thine.You made pasta for you and the kids
I looked on longingly; pasta looks good,
so very good, it is comfort food
I dished up potatoes for myself, some
meat, that was that – while you lot tucked
into your great-looking pasta dish
Too wonderful to describe – afterwards
I promised myself just a very small
bite, just to taste
Just to remind me of what it’s like
one bite led to another and another and
another - I fell into temptation
It was amazing… This morning I sit
at my desk, doing my best to concentrate,
but pain is taking my thoughts away
You did not make the rule no pasta
for me; you found it necessary to help
me survive to keep pasta out of my life
But I had to indulge, had to find out for
myself; now once again, all the symptoms
are back; stomach burning, ears aching
Barbed wire in my head; a heart full of
fears… the bane of my life is food, bread,
the staple of life, pasta, fish, everything good
I have to insist that I’m an alien life form,
my digestive system was not  made for this
world, and I want to go back
To wherever I came from, feeling so terribly
sick, feeling so bad, feeling so guilty and sad;
simply because I desired a morsel of
Your lovely, lovely food; it must be a sign
that I don’t belong on this earth; I must find the
place of origin before my birth…my birth
unplanned
unwanted
my growth
unacknowledged
unnoticed
my achievements
unseen
unnoticed
me
unnoticed
unwanted
my cries
unheard
unanswered
my tears
unseen
undried
my pain
unacknowledged
unhealed
my suffering
unnoticed
unacknowledged
my attemptes
unseen
unnoticed
my heart
unloved
unwarmed
my soul
un cared for
unloved
my life
unneeded
unwanted
my existence
unwanted
unacknowledged
my blood
undried
unseen
my scars
unhealed
unseen
my death
unacknowledged
unnoticedBeyond the long and often lonely wait,
Beset  by urges strange from deep within
Pulsate demands to culminate
In Motherhood
The gasping presence fights with strength supreme,
And bursting bonds of month-long celled restraint
Brings birth power, awesome yet serene
To Motherhood
Wakes new a love unique, and all=consumes
The momentary fret at life's emerge.
Repays with joy in hearts attuned
With Motherhood.
Never cell so warm or sweet the chains
Of jailor's irresistable commands.
Crying everlasting claims
On Motherhood.
Offspring of love, and herald of yet more.
Bequething back inherited content.
Open wide this most rewarding door
Of Motherhood.Hope is like a harebell trembling from its birth,
Love is like a rose the joy of all the earth;
Faith is like a lily lifted high and white,
Love is like a lovely rose the world's delight;
Harebells and sweet lilies show a thornless growth,
But the rose with all its thorns excels them both.As women are full with their
unborn children, so it is that
I am filled with my unborn words.
As a mother who loves her child
that is yet to be seen, so to, do I
yearn for words which are unborn
and lie in darkness.
I say to myself, 'come to the light,
come forth from me, that I might
see you...so that I might see my
child that is born of thought.'
© Joe FazioI
This morning I thought how easy
it must have been for you
to have copied your genetic code
in the form of flesh, dated randomly
on that bleak day in December
when the light had the dull luster
of pewter and the blinds had to be drawn.
The day ended my tenancy
in the womb which you otherwise
ripped out of your daily planner,
and being the unwanted, the mistake,
had given up in offering
like the body and blood of Christ.
Every day I struggled
to carry the weight of a lesson,
a refugee of abandonment, reading
through the pages of Catechism books
just before the Crucifixion,
practicing forgiveness.
Now, I must live with the side effects
of an uncommon childhood
like an addiction: a returned identity card,
the genetic code lost in the blood of the unborn―
those blueprints of family history
that build the strong bones of a monument,
revised by the thin scrawl of your signature
on a line that forever divides.
II
If to gaze into that mirror
as though the glass is convex―
if we could first look inward,
then outward―
if we could study profile like the face
of a moon in each of its phases―
would we find our identity?
How much of you would I see
at each angle― full, half, quartered―
that I would not have seen
in the mirror handed me
had its glass not been convex?
What do I know of you
in my arched brow?
In the discharged turmoil
of my eye?  In a single gesture?
What do I know
in learning to give up, give back, give away,
that I would not have known
had I been of the same will?
III
I cannot find you
down those stairways
that lead into the deepest catacombs
of family history, buried treasure,
a chest sealed years ago
in the shadow of your footprints;
in the dust of light beams
through the windows in the hall of records.
Nor can I see you in the genetic code
that cannot be deciphered―
those diseases that will torment the blood,
and in the pain that encapsules
our time-released lives―
although
that is where I will find you.You gave me love,
you breathed life into me.
After I found you,
I've found all hapiness.
Ever since my heart found shelter in your eyes,
I felt as if I really live,
I really exist,
I was a dream,
I've become real for you.
No more grouse I hold agaisnt destiny,
now that I've known you from so close.
Now that I have you,
I've found a world of joy.
In your eyes I have seen myself in this world.
I really live,
I really exist,
I was a dream,
I've become real for you.
I love youMY UNENDING BIRTH AND DEATH
esspeecee… 27.10.96.
Birth,
Death-
I take:
In million ways,
In million forms,
In million places,
In million times.
Born:
As aquatic,
Thousand leagues under-
Serene Sea bed.
Born:
As bacteria, parasite,
A vexing guest-
In living flesh.
Born:
As plants,
In cozy darkness-
Rooted deep under earth.
Born:
As Homo sapiens,
In the snug shelter-
Mothers’ womb.
Born and die-
In mega form,
In micro form,
And in every shape
and size,
Imaginable,
Unimaginable,
Tangible,
Intangible,
Cognizable,
In-cognizable and so on…
I born and die
Every second,
In infinitesimal
Fraction of time.
Time fails
To restrict me.
I rejoice
The ‘Omni-Oneness’
Both in
Ecstasy of birth,
Dulcet of death.
Know well
Destined to
Die and born
Again and again,
In unending cycle
In ever new cycle.
Copyright reserved by the AuthorClimbing a path which leads back never more
We heard behind his footsteps and his cheer;
Now, face to face, we greet him standing here
Upon the lonely summit of Fourscore
Welcome to us, o'er whom the lengthened day
Is closing and the shadows colder grow,
His genial presence, like an afterglow,
Following the one just vanishing away.
Long be it ere the table shall be set
For the last breakfast of the Autocrat,
And love repeat with smiles and tears thereat
His own sweet songs that time shall not forget.
Waiting with us the call to come up higher,
Life is not less, the heavens are only higher!I.
1 .
The fading beam of parting day
Forsakes the western sky,
Now shines Diana's gentler ray
With virgin majesty;
Her face with milder glory bright
Illumes the dusky shades of night,
And brings the varied scene to view.
The glassy lake, and bubbling stream,
Again reflect the borrow'd beam,
And take a silver hue.
2 .
From the deep shade of yonder trees
The screaming night-birds call,
While floats on Zephyr's balmy breeze
The distant waterfall:
Sad Philomela's warbling throat
Pours to the moon her plaintive note
And charms the lay-resounding grove,
Where, trembling at the gentle gale,
The verdant beech, and poplar pale,
With rustling murmurs move.
3 .
What dreadful sounds arise?—
These notes of rural music sink
And shrill-ton'd clarions rend the skies;
The air a voice of triumph chears,
And lo! a form divine appears
On Cherwell's sedgy brink.
His azure length of robe behind
Loosely wantons in the wind;
Glowing like the vernal morning
Beams benign his eye-balls shed;
Ceres' wealth his brows adorning
Shades his venerable head.
Say heavenly vision what these notes portend?
Sits white-wing'd Victory on Britannia's arms?
Does proud Iberia to her legions bend,
Or flies the Gaul at Granby's dread alarms,
Or stalks on India's sun-burn'd coasts afar
The force of conflict keen, and giant rage of war?
II.
1.
‘Far hence,’ he cried, ‘the tumult's roar
‘To distant realms shall fly:
‘Mirth revels now on Albion's shore
‘With blythe festivity.
‘Ye Muses twine each fragant flower
‘To crown the day, to crown the hour,
‘Which gave to George a blooming heir;
‘Ye Guardians of this favor'd isle
‘On this your future monarch smile,
‘Ye Nymphs your wreaths prepare.
2 .
‘Come happy child! delight the land
‘Where time shall fix thy throne:
‘O come, and take from Freedom's hand
‘A sceptre all her own:
‘And when the sacred lore of truth
‘Display'd, shall form thy ripening youth,
‘May every joyful Briton find
‘The soul of George's godlike race,
‘With lovely Charlotte's softer grace,
‘Attemper'd, in thy mind.
3 .
‘For thee on Afric's sultry coast
‘The British ensign proudly waves;
‘For thee by distant tempests tost
‘Our navies awe the Gallic pride
‘On every shore, whose hostile side
‘The boundless Ocean laves.—
‘With nobler skill, and fiercer fire,
‘Strike the rapture-breathing lyre.—
‘Hark!—from Cambria's cloud-top'd mountains
‘Music winds her stream along,
‘As they flow the crystal fountains
‘Listen to the jocund song,
‘Lo radiant forms and glorious shades appear,
‘Fair as the morn in saffron mantle dight;
‘But strains divine ill suit the human ear,
‘And fleeting visions mock the mortal sight.’—
He said, and rushing from my wondering eyes,
On volley'd lightening borne, he sought his native skies.'Tis Nancy's birth-day--raise your strains,
Ye nymphs of the Parnassian plains,
And sing with more than usual glee
To Nancy, who was born for me.
Tell the blythe Graces as they bound,
Luxuriant in the buxom round;
They're not more elegantly free,
Than Nancy, who was born for me.
Tell royal Venus, tho' she rove,
The queen of the immortal grove,
That she must share her golden fee
With Nancy, who was born for me.
Tell Pallas, tho' th'Athenian school,
And ev'ry trite pedantic fool,
On her to place the palm agree,
'Tis Nancy's, who was born for me.
Tell spotless Dian, tho' she range,
The regent of the up-land grange,
In chastity she yields to thee,
O Nancy, who was born for me.
Tell Cupid, Hymen, and tell Jove,
With all the pow'rs of life and love,
That I'd disdain to breathe or be,
If Nancy was not born for me.Stella this Day is thirty four,
(We shan't dispute a Year or more)
However Stella, be not troubled,
Although thy Size and Years are doubled,
Since first I saw Thee at Sixteen
The brightest Virgin on the Green,
So little is thy Form declin'd
Made up so largely in thy Mind.
Oh, woud it please the Gods to split
Thy Beauty, Size, and Years, and Wit,
No Age could furnish out a Pair
Of Nymphs so graceful, Wise and fair
With half the Lustre of your Eyes,
With half your Wit, your Years and Size:
And then before it grew too late,
How should I beg of gentle Fate,
(That either Nymph might have her Swain,)
To split my Worship too in twain.While yet it was the Empire of the Night,
And Stars still check'r'd Darkness with their Light,
From Temples round the cheerful Bells did ring,
But with the Peales a churlish Storm did sing.
I slumbr'd; and the Heavens like things did show,
Like things which I had seen and heard below.
Playing on Harps Angels did singing fly,
But through a cloudy and a troubl'd Sky,
Some fixt a Throne, and Royal Robes display'd,
And then a Massie Cross upon it laid.
I wept: and earnestly implor'd to know,
Why Royal Ensigns were disposed so.
An Angel said, The Emblem thou hast seen,
Denotes the Birth-Day of a Saint and Queen.
Ah, Glorious Minister, I then reply'd,
Goodness and Bliss together do reside
In Heaven and thee, why then on Earth below
These two combin'd so rarely do we know?
He said, Heaven so decrees: and such a Sable Morne
Was that, in which the Son of God was borne.
Then Mortal wipe thine Eyes, and cease to rave,
God darkn'd Heaven, when He the World did save.Mark the day white, on which the Fates have smiled:
Eugenio and Egeria have a child.
On whom abundant grace kind Jove imparts
If she but copy either parent's parts.
Then, Muses! long devoted to her race,
Grant her Egeria's virtues and her face;
Nor stop your bounty there, but add to it
Eugenio's learning and Eugenio's wit.Families, when a child is born
Want it to be intelligent.
I, through intelligence,
Having wrecked my whole life,
Only hope the baby will prove
Ignorant and stupid.
Then he will crown a tranquil life
By becoming a Cabinet Minister.His father's sense, his mother's grace,
In him I hope, will always fit so;
With--still to keep him in good case--
The health and appetite of Rizzo.I am not yet born; O hear me.
Let not the bloodsucking bat or the rat or the stoat or the
club-footed ghoul come near me.
I am not yet born, console me.
I fear that the human race may with tall walls wall me,
with strong drugs dope me, with wise lies lure me,
on black racks rack me, in blood-baths roll me.
I am not yet born; provide me
With water to dandle me, grass to grow for me, trees to talk
to me, sky to sing to me, birds and a white light
in the back of my mind to guide me.
I am not yet born; forgive me
For the sins that in me the world shall commit, my words
when they speak me, my thoughts when they think me,
my treason engendered by traitors beyond me,
my life when they murder by means of my
hands, my death when they live me.
I am not yet born; rehearse me
In the parts I must play and the cues I must take when
old men lecture me, bureaucrats hector me, mountains
frown at me, lovers laugh at me, the white
waves call me to folly and the desert calls
me to doom and the beggar refuses
my gift and my children curse me.
I am not yet born; O hear me,
Let not the man who is beast or who thinks he is God
come near me.
I am not yet born; O fill me
With strength against those who would freeze my
humanity, would dragoon me into a lethal automaton,
would make me a cog in a machine, a thing with
one face, a thing, and against all those
who would dissipate my entirety, would
blow me like thistledown hither and
thither or hither and thither
like water held in the
hands would spill me.
Let them not make me a stone and let them not spill me.
Otherwise kill me.How long can stay the happiness?
How long can stay the sadness?
Nothing in this world can go always up
Nothing in this world can go only down.
Nothing in this world remains the same forever.
As the day changes to night,
And the night changes to day.
As the cold changes to warm,
and warm changes to cold.
As this natural law always changes everything,
up to down and down to up.
So long as there is nothing without an opposite, smile...
The Death will change to Birth!Not in this chamber only at my birth—
When the long hours of that mysterious night
Were over, and the morning was in sight—
I cried, but in strange places, steppe and firth
I have not seen, through alien grief and mirth;
And never shall one room contain me quite
Who in so many rooms first saw the light,
Child of all mothers, native of the earth.
So is no warmth for me at any fire
To-day, when the world's fire has burned so low;
I kneel, spending my breath in vain desire,
At that cold hearth which one time roared so strong,
And straighten back in weariness, and long
To gather up my little gods and go.Some glory in their birth, some in their skill,
Some in their wealth, some in their body's force,
Some in their garments though new-fangled ill,
Some in their hawks and hounds, some in their horse;
And every humour hath his adjunct pleasure,
Wherein it finds a joy above the rest,
But these particulars are not my measure;
All these I better in one general best.
Thy love is better than high birth to me,
Richer than wealth, prouder than garments' costs,
Of more delight than hawks and horses be;
And having thee, of all men's pride I boast—
Wretched in this alone, that thou mayst take,
All this away and me most wretched make.As when desire, long darkling, dawns, and first
The mother looks upon the newborn child,
Even so my Lady stood at gaze and smiled
When her soul knew at length the Love it nurs'd.
Born with her life, creature of poignant thirst
And exquisite hunger, at her heart Love lay
Quickening in darkness, till a voice that day
Cried on him, and the bonds of birth were burst.
Now, shadowed by his wings, our faces yearn
Together, as his full-grown feet now range
The grove, and his warm hands our couch prepare:
Till to his song our bodiless souls in turn
Be born his children, when Death's nuptial change
Leaves us for light the halo of his hair.This starry dawn – the wise men yet afar –
the shepherds are abed, their night’s task done.
Is Mary tired? Or, as one untouched?
All birth’s a miracle; no less this one.
The cattle have bestirred at hint of morn,
the thought of feeding making moist their muzzle;
straw is rustling as they, manger-drawn,
find unfamiliar form – so warm – to nuzzle.
What were the first words Joseph softly said
to Mary, as dawn broke, this day of days?
And who, sent from the inn to cattle-shed,
to feed and lay fresh straw, fell still in praise?
How long, this morn, before the murmured sound
of voices in the street, as Word gets round?Have you not noted, in some family
Where two were born of a first marriage-bed,
How still they own their gracious bond, though fed
And nursed on the forgotten breast and knee?—
How to their father's children they shall be
In act and thought of one goodwill; but each
Shall for the other have, in silence speech,
And in a word complete community?
Even so, when first I saw you, seemed it, love,
That among souls allied to mine was yet
One nearer kindred than life hinted of.
O born with me somewhere that men forget,
And though in years of sight and sound unmet,
Known for my soul's birth-partner well enough!When you were born, beloved, was your soul
New made by God to match your body's flower,
And were they both at one same precious hour
Sent forth from heaven as a perfect whole?
Or had your soul since dim creation burned,
A star in some still region of the sky,
That leaping earthward, left its place on high
And to your little new-born body yearned?
No words can tell in what celestial hour
God made your soul and gave it mortal birth,
Nor in the disarray of all the stars
Is any place so sweet that such a flower
Might linger there until thro' heaven's bars,
It heard God's voice that bade it down to earth.All travellers at first incline
Where'er they see the fairest sign
And if they find the chambers neat,
And like the liquor and the meat,
Will call again, and recommend
The Angel Inn to every friend.
And though the painting grows decay'd,
The house will never lose its trade:
Nay, though the treach'rous tapster, Thomas,
Hangs a new Angel two doors from us,
As fine as daubers' hands can make it,
In hopes that strangers may mistake it,
We think it both a shame and sin
To quit the true old Angel Inn.
Now this is Stella's case in fact,
An angel's face a little crack'd.
(Could poets or could painters fix
How angels look at thirty-six
This drew us in at first to find
In such a form an angel's mind;
And every virtue now supplies
The fainting rays of Stella's eyes.
See, at her levee crowding swains,
Whom Stella freely entertains
With breeding, humour, wit, and sense,
And puts them to so small expense;
Their minds so plentifully fills,
And makes such reasonable bills,
So little gets for what she gives,
We really wonder how she lives!
And had her stock been less, no doubt
She must have long ago run out.
Then, who can think we'll quit the place,
When Doll hangs out a newer face?
Nail'd to her window full in sight
All Christian people to invite.
Or stop and light at Chloe's head,
With scraps and leavings to be fed?
Then, Chloe, still go on to prate
Of thirty-six and thirty-eight;
Pursue your trade of scandal-picking,
Your hints that Stella is no chicken;
Your innuendoes, when you tell us,
That Stella loves to talk with fellows:
But let me warn you to believe
A truth, for which your soul should grieve;
That should you live to see the day,
When Stella's locks must all be gray,
When age must print a furrow'd trace
On every feature of her face;
Though you, and all your senseless tribe,
Could Art, or Time, or Nature bribe,
To make you look like Beauty's Queen,
And hold for ever at fifteen;
No bloom of youth can ever blind
The cracks and wrinkles of your mind:
All men of sense will pass your door,
And crowd to Stella's at four-score.As when a beauteous nymph decays,
We say she's past her dancing days;
So poets lose their feet by time,
And can no longer dance in rhyme.
Your annual bard had rather chose
To celebrate your birth in prose:
Yet merry folks, who want by chance
A pair to make a country dance,
Call the old housekeeper, and get her
To fill a place for want of better:
While Sheridan is off the hooks,
And friend Delany at his books,
That Stella may avoid disgrace,
Once more the Dean supplies their place.
Beauty and wit, too sad a truth!
Have always been confined to youth;
The god of wit and beauty's queen,
He twenty-one and she fifteen,
No poet ever sweetly sung,
Unless he were, like Phoebus, young;
Nor ever nymph inspired to rhyme,
Unless, like Venus, in her prime.
At fifty-six, if this be true,
Am I a poet fit for you?
Or, at the age of forty-three,
Are you a subject fit for me?
Adieu! bright wit, and radiant eyes!
You must be grave and I be wise.
Our fate in vain we would oppose:
But I'll be still your friend in prose:
Esteem and friendship to express,
Will not require poetic dress;
And if the Muse deny her aid
To have them sung, they may be said.
But, Stella, say, what evil tongue
Reports you are no longer young;
That Time sits with his scythe to mow
Where erst sat Cupid with his bow;
That half your locks are turn'd to gray?
I'll ne'er believe a word they say.
'Tis true, but let it not be known,
My eyes are somewhat dimmish grown;
For nature, always in the right,
To your decays adapts my sight;
And wrinkles undistinguished pass,
For I'm ashamed to use a glass:
And till I see them with these eyes,
Whoever says you have them, lies.
No length of time can make you quit
Honour and virtue, sense and wit;
Thus you may still be young to me,
While I can better hear than see.
O ne'er may Fortune show her spite,
To make me deaf, and mend my sight!The words
come to me
demanding to be
written
& are bitterly
disappointed
to find that I am
me
not
you.
Somehow, they had managed to
turn up in the wrong head
mistaking me for you
because I was thinking
so much
of you.
Too late now
they come to realise
their mistake.
Reluctantly they
agree to stay & be
this
poem.
I can see they are not
impressed.
Missing Bulgaria & ending up
in England in an Irish head
is bad but badder still
geting the sex wrong
& being this guy!
A word breaks down
begins to cry.
'She's got what the Arabs call tarab! '
one word is heard to remark.
Yes...yes it's that  intoxication of the senses
beyond all reason! '
another word elucidates....almost hallucinates.
'Hey shit for brains! '
a bunch of words cruelly calls
'Onelia would have written us
better than this! '
Some words try to hide
in the space between the lines.
Some words hide
in the surrounding empty space
refusing to come out
or even talk about
...'it! '
Some words live lives
of quiet desperation
silently
erasing themselves.
Some words hijack
this page
& turning it into
a paper aeroplane
demand to be
taken to Sofia.
They are already incensed
to have missed your birthday.
So, if by your dreaming head
a paper aeroplane appears
full of frustrated distraught
words
take them
they are yours.
You the better poet
than I could ever be.
You... the great you
me...merely me.I.
Mark this holy chapel well!
The birth-place, this, of William Tell.
Here, where stands God's altar dread,
Stood his parent's marriage-bed.
II.
Here, first, an infant to her breast,
Him his loving mother prest;
And kissed the babe, and blessed the day,
And prayed as mothers used to pray.
III.
'Vouchsafe him health, O God! and give
The child thy servant still to live!'
But God had destined to do more
Through him than through an armed power.
IV.
God gave him reverence of laws,
Yet stirring blood in Freedom's cause--
A spirit to his rocks akin,
The eye of the hawk and the fire therein!
V.
To Nature and to Holy Writ
Alone did God the boy commit:
Where flashed and roared the torrent, oft
His soul found wings, and soared aloft!
VI.
The straining oar and chamois chase
Had formed his limbs to strength and grace:
On wave and wind the boy would toss,
Was great, nor knew how great he was!
VII.
He knew not that his chosen hand,
Made strong by God, his native land
Would rescue from the shameful yoke
Of Slavery -- the which he broke!The Angel that presided o'er my birth
Said, 'Little creature, form'd of Joy and Mirth,
'Go love without the help of any Thing on Earth.'From The Birth Canal of The Womb
The Lifeblood Flowed and Zoomed
The Umbilical Stretched From The Navel
Twisted, Like Some Undersea Cable
Forty-Two Hours In Hard Labor
The Mother Begged For GOD’s Favor
To Help Deliver This Child
And Please Shorten This Pain Trial
The Enfant Kicked  1 … 2 … 3
So Impatient To Be Set Free
The Woman Was Bent On Being Brave
Until There Came The Next Big Wave
1 … 2 … 3 … Breathe, Breathe
Her Husband Coached So Tenderly
He Could Only Watch Helplessly
… It Humbled Him Mightily
1 … 2 … 3 …  Breathe,  Breathe
Still No Sign From Between Her Knees
1 … 2 … 3 … Push, Push
She Yelled So Loud, She Couldn’t Hush
“Inside, The Child Surged Strongly
It’s As Though, It Fought Knowingly
It Was Now Or Never
To Not Be Prematurely Severed”
1 … 2 … 3 … Push, Push
Finally The Head Began To Gush
One, Two …  and One Big Push
What A Relief and What A Rush!
* * * * *
They Named Their Baby, Bravura
Their Image In A Miniature Mirror
Eight Pounds Of A Cuddly Doll Toy
A Beautiful, Tiny Bundle Of Joy
A Thatch Of Black Curls On Her Head
Yeah, She Got That From Her Dad
Red Splotched Skin Like A Little Tomato
And That’s Her Mama’s Nose, You Know
Smallest fingers and Toes Complete
Yawning Toothless, But Looks So Sweet
But The Breath-Catching Thrill and Prize …
Was The Moment She Opened Her Eyes
And Looked At Mommie As Tho She Knew
She Was Safe and Much Loved Too
Wrapped In A Pink Blanket and Hugs
Daddy Beamed When She Gave Thumb A Tug …
The First Touch With Her Father
Eyes Swam As He Kissed His Daughter
Young Couple Gazed With Fervor
They Reveled In The Birth Of Bravura
Forgotten, Was The Prior Terror
Forgotten Was The Painful Error
They Could Laugh At Any Furor
As They Held Their Baby, Bravura
Proud Parents Of Baby Bravura
Were Determined To Be Good Mentors
Tho’ Doc Said Ischemia Disease
They Just Held Each Other and Squeezed …
The Girl, Was Named Bravura
No Child Could Be Any Dearer
She Held All Their Hopes and Dreams
This Little, Living Precious Being
So Pretty and Such A Darling
Hoped She’d Aspire To Great Things
They Named The Baby …  Bravura
‘Cause Need For Courage Couldn’t Be Any Clearer
Written & ©:  6/29/10
By:    The  MoonBeeMuse of my Spenser, who so well could sing
The passions all, their bearings and their ties;
Who could in view those shadowy beings bring,
And with bold hand remove each dark disguise,
Wherein love, hatred, scorn, or anger lies:
Guide him to Fairy-land, who now intends
That way his flight; assist him as he flies,
To mark those passions, Virtue's foes and friends,
By whom when led she droops, when leading she ascends.
Yes! they appear, I see the fairy train!
And who that modest nymph of meek address?
Not vanity, though loved by all the vain;
Not Hope, though promising to all success;
Not Mirth, nor Joy, though foe to all distress;
Thee, sprightly syren, from this train I choose,
Thy birth relate, thy soothing arts confess;
'Tis not in thy mild nature to refuse,
When poets ask thine aid, so oft their meed and muse.
---------------------
In Fairy-land, on wide and cheerless plain,
Dwelt, in the house of Care a sturdy swain;
A hireling he, who, when he till'd the soil,
Look'd to the pittance that repaid his toil,
And to a master left the mingled joy
And anxious care that follow'd his employ.
Sullen and patient he at once appear'd,
As one who murmur'd, yet as one who fear'd;
Th'attire was coarse that clothed his sinewy frame,
Rude his address, and Poverty his name.
In that same plain a nymph, of curious taste,
A cottage (plann'd, with all her skill) had placed;
Strange the materials, and for what design'd
The various parts, no simple man might find;
What seem'd the door, each entering guest withstood,
What seem'd a window was but painted wood;
But by a secret spring the wall would move,
And daylight drop through glassy door above:
'Twas all her pride, new traps for praise to lay,
And all her wisdom was to hide her way;
In small attempts incessant were her pains,
And Cunning was her name among the swains.
Now, whether fate decreed this pair should wed,
And blindly drove them to the marriage bed;
Or whether love in some soft hour inclined
The damsel's heart, and won her to be kind,
Is yet unsung: they were an ill-match'd pair,
But both disposed to wed--and wed they were.
Yet, though united in their fortune, still
Their ways were diverse; varying was their will;
Nor long the maid had bless'd the simple man,
Before dissensions rose, and she began: -
'Wretch that I am! since to thy fortune bound,
What plan, what project, with success is crown'd?
I, who a thousand secret arts possess,
Who every rank approach with right address;
Who've loosed a guinea from a miser's chest,
And worm'd his secret from a traitor's breast;
Thence gifts and gains collecting, great and small,
Have brought to thee, and thou consum'st them all;
For want like thine--a bog without a base -
Ingulfs all gains I gather for the place;
Feeding, unfill'd; destroying, undestroy'd;
It craves for ever, and is ever void: -
Wretch that I am! what misery have I found,
Since my sure craft was to thy calling bound!'
'Oh! vaunt of worthless art,' the swain replied,
Scowling contempt, 'how pitiful this pride!
What are these specious gifts, these paltry gains,
But base rewards for ignominious pains?
With all thy tricking, still for bread we strive,
Thine is, proud wretch! the care that cannot thrive;
By all thy boasted skill and baffled hooks,
Thou gain'st no more than students by their books.
No more than I for my poor deeds am paid,
Whom none can blame, will help, or dare upbraid.
'Call this our need, a bog that all devours, -
Then what thy petty arts, but summer-flowers,
Gaudy and mean, and serving to betray
The place they make unprofitably gay?
Who know it not, some useless beauties see, -
But ah! to prove it was reserved for me.'
Unhappy state! that, in decay of love,
Permits harsh truth his errors to disprove;
While he remains, to wrangle and to jar,
Is friendly tournament, not fatal war;
Love in his play will borrow arms of hate,
Anger and rage, upbraiding and debate;
And by his power the desperate weapons thrown,
Become as safe and pleasant as his own;
But left by him, their natures they assume,
And fatal, in their poisoning force, become.
Time fled, and now the swain compell'd to see
New cause for fear--'Is this thy thrift?' quoth he,
To whom the wife with cheerful voice replied: -
'Thou moody man, lay all thy fears aside;
I've seen a vision--they, from whom I came,
A daughter promise, promise wealth and fame;
Born with my features, with my arts, yet she
Shall patient, pliant, persevering be,
And in thy better ways resemble thee.
The fairies round shall at her birth attend,
The friend of all in all shall find a friend,
And save that one sad star that hour must gleam
On our fair child, how glorious were my dream?'
This heard the husband, and, in surly smile,
Aim'd at contempt, but yet he hoped the while;
For as, when sinking, wretched men are found
To catch at rushes rather than be drown'd;
So on a dream our peasant placed his hope,
And found that rush as valid as a rope.
Swift fled the days, for now in hope they fled,
When a fair daughter bless'd the nuptial bed;
Her infant-face the mother's pains beguiled,
She look'd so pleasing and so softly smiled;
Those smiles, those looks, with sweet sensations moved
The gazer's soul, and as he look'd he loved.
And now the fairies came with gifts, to grace
So mild a nature, and so fair a face.
They gave, with beauty, that bewitching art,
That holds in easy chains the human heart;
They gave her skill to win the stubborn mind,
To make the suffering to their sorrows blind,
To bring on pensive looks the pleasing smile,
And Care's stern brow of every frown beguile.
These magic favours graced the infant-maid,
Whose more enlivening smile the charming gifts repaid.
Now Fortune changed, who, were she constant long,
Would leave us few adventures for our song.
A wicked elfin roved this land around,
Whose joys proceeded from the griefs he found;
Envy his name: --his fascinating eye
From the light bosom drew the sudden sigh;
Unsocial he, but with malignant mind,
He dwelt with man, that he might curse mankind;
Like the first foe, he sought th' abode of Joy
Grieved to behold, but eager to destroy;
Round blooming beauty, like the wasp, he flew,
Soil'd the fresh sweet, and changed the rosy hue;
The wise, the good, with anxious heart he saw,
And here a failing found, and there a flaw;
Discord in families 'twas his to move,
Distrust in friendship, jealousy in love;
He told the poor, what joys the great possess'd;
The great, what calm content the cottage bless'd:
To part the learned and the rich he tried,
Till their slow friendship perish'd in their pride.
Such was the fiend, and so secure of prey,
That only Misery pass'd unstung away.
Soon as he heard the fairy-babe was born,
Scornful he smiled, but felt no more than scorn:
For why, when Fortune placed her state so low,
In useless spite his lofty malice show?
Why, in a mischief of the meaner kind,
Exhaust the vigour of a ranc'rous mind;
But, soon as Fame the fairy-gifts proclaim'd,
Quick-rising wrath his ready soul inflamed
To swear, by vows that e'en the wicked tie,
The nymph should weep her varied destiny;
That every gift, that now appear'd to shine
In her fair face, and make her smiles divine,
Should all the poison of his magic prove,
And they should scorn her, whom she sought for love.
His spell prepared, in form an ancient dame,
A fiend in spirit, to the cot he came;
There gain'd admittance, and the infant press'd
(Muttering his wicked magic) to his breast;
And thus he said: --'Of all the powers who wait
On Jove's decrees, and do the work of fate,
Was I, alone, despised or worthless, found,
Weak to protect, or impotent to wound?
See then thy foe, regret the friendship lost,
And learn my skill, but learn it at your cost.
'Know, then, O child! devote to fates severe,
The good shall hate thy name, the wise shall fear;
Wit shall deride, and no protecting friend
Thy shame shall cover, or thy name defend.
Thy gentle sex, who, more than ours, should spare
A humble foe, will greater scorn declare;
The base alone thy advocates shall be,
Or boast alliance with a wretch like thee.'
He spake, and vanish'd, other prey to find,
And waste in slow disease the conquer'd mind.
Awed by the elfin's threats, and fill'd with dread
The parents wept, and sought their infant's bed;
Despair alone the father's soul possess'd;
But hope rose gently in the mother's breast;
For well she knew that neither grief nor joy
Pain'd without hope, or pleased without alloy;
And while these hopes and fears her heart divide,
A cheerful vision bade the fears subside.
She saw descending to the world below
An ancient form, with solemn pace and slow.
'Daughter, no more be sad' (the phantom cried),
'Success is seldom to the wise denied;
In idle wishes fools supinely stay,
Be there a will, and wisdom finds a way:
Why art thou grieved? Be rather glad, that he
Who hates the happy, aims his darts at thee,
But aims in vain; thy favour'd daughter lies
Serenely blest, and shall to joy arise.
For, grant that curses on her name shall wait,
(So Envy wills, and such the voice of Fate,)
Yet if that name be prudently suppress'd,
She shall be courted, favour'd, and caress'd.
'For what are names? and where agree mankind,
In those to persons or to acts assign'd?
Brave, learn'd, or wise, if some their favourites call,
Have they the titles or the praise from all?
Not so, but others will the brave disdain
As rash, and deem the sons of wisdom vain;
The self-same mind shall scorn or kindness move,
And the same deed attract contempt and love.
'So all the powers who move the human soul,
With all the passions who the will control,
Have various names--One giv'n by Truth Divine,
(As Simulation thus was fixed for mine,)
The rest by man, who now, as wisdom's prize
My secret counsels, now as art despise;
One hour, as just, those counsels they embrace,
And spurn, the next, as pitiful and base.
Thee, too, my child, those fools as Cunning fly,
Who on thy counsel and thy craft rely;
That worthy craft in others they condemn,
But 'tis their prudence, while conducting them.
'Be FLATTERY, then, thy happy infant's name,
Let Honour scorn her and let Wit defame;
Let all be true that Envy dooms, yet all,
Not on herself, but on her name, shall fall;
While she thy fortune and her own shall raise,
And decent Truth be call'd, and loved as, modest Praise.
'O happy child! the glorious day shall shine,
When every ear shall to thy speech incline,
Thy words alluring and thy voice divine:
The sullen pedant and the sprightly wit,
To hear thy soothing eloquence shall sit;
And both, abjuring Flattery, will agree
That Truth inspires, and they must honour thee.
'Envy himself shall to thy accents bend,
Force a faint smile, and sullenly attend,
When thou shalt call him Virtue's jealous friend,
Whose bosom glows with generous rage to find
How fools and knaves are flatter'd by mankind.
'The sage retired, who spends alone his days,
And flies th' obstreperous voice of public praise;
The vain, the vulgar cry,--shall gladly meet,
And bid thee welcome to his still retreat;
Much will he wonder, how thou cam'st to find
A man to glory dead, to peace consign'd.
O Fame! he'll cry (for he will call thee Fame),
From thee I fly, from thee conceal my name;
But thou shalt say, though Genius takes his night,
He leaves behind a glorious train of light,
And hides in vain: --yet prudent he that flies
The flatterer's art, and for himself is wise.
'Yes, happy child! I mark th'approaching day,
When warring natures will confess thy sway;
When thou shalt Saturn's golden reign restore,
And vice and folly shall be known no more.
'Pride shall not then in human-kind have place,
Changed by thy skill, to Dignity and Grace;
While Shame, who now betrays the inward sense
Of secret ill, shall be thy Diffidence;
Avarice shall thenceforth prudent Forecast be,
And bloody Vengeance, Magnanimity;
The lavish tongue shall honest truths impart,
The lavish hand shall show the generous heart,
And Indiscretion be, contempt of art;
Folly and Vice shall then, no longer known,
Be, this as Virtue, that as Wisdom, shown.
'Then shall the Robber, as the Hero, rise
To seize the good that churlish law denies;
Throughout the world shall rove the generous band,
And deal the gifts of Heaven from hand to hand.
In thy blest days no tyrant shall be seen,
Thy gracious king shall rule contented men;
In thy blest days shall not a rebel be,
But patriots all and well-approved of thee.
'Such powers are thine, that man by thee shall wrest
The gainful secret from the cautious breast;
Nor then, with all his care, the good retain,
But yield to thee the secret and the gain.
In vain shall much experience guard the heart
Against the charm of thy prevailing art;
Admitted once, so soothing is thy strain,
It comes the sweeter, when it comes again;
And when confess'd as thine, what mind so strong
Forbears the pleasure it indulged so long?
'Softener of every ill! of all our woes
The balmy solace! friend of fiercest foes!
Begin thy reign, and like the morning rise!
Bring joy, bring beauty, to our eager eyes;
Break on the drowsy world like opening day,
While grace and gladness join thy flow'ry way;
While every voice is praise, while every heart is gay.
'From thee all prospects shall new beauties take,
'Tis thine to seek them and 'tis thine to make;
On the cold fen I see thee turn thine eyes,
Its mists recede, its chilling vapour flies;
Th'enraptured Lord th'improving ground surveys,
And for his Eden asks the traveller's praise,
Which yet, unview'd of thee, a bog had been,
Where spungy rushes hide the plashy green.
'I see thee breathing on the barren moor,
That seems to bloom although so bleak before;
There, if beneath the gorse the primrose spring,
Or the pied daisy smile below the ling,
They shall new charms, at thy command disclose,
And none shall miss the myrtle or the rose.
The wiry moss, that whitens all the hill,
Shall live a beauty by thy matchless skill;
Gale from the bog shall yield Arabian balm,
And the gray willow give a golden palm.
'I see thee smiling in the pictured room,
Now breathing beauty, now reviving bloom;
There, each immortal name 'tis thine to give,
To graceless forms, and bid the lumber live.
Should'st thou coarse boors or gloomy martyrs see,
These shall thy Guidos, these thy Teniers be;
There shalt thou Raphael's saints and angels trace,
There make for Rubens and for Reynolds place,
And all the pride of art shall find, in her disgrace.
'Delight of either sex? thy reign commence;
With balmy sweetness soothe the weary sense,
And to the sickening soul thy cheering aid dispense.
Queen of the mind! thy golden age begin;
In mortal bosoms varnish shame and sin;
Let all be fair without, let all be calm within.'
The vision fled, the happy mother rose,
Kiss'd the fair infant, smiled at all her foes,
And FLATTERY made her name: --her reign began.
Her own dear sex she ruled, then vanquished man:
A smiling friend, to every class she spoke,
Assumed their manners, and their habits took;
Her, for her humble mien, the modest loved;
Her cheerful looks the light and gay approved:
The just beheld her, firm: the valiant, brave:
Her mirth the free, her silence pleased the grave:
Zeal heard her voice, and, as he preach'd aloud,
Well pleased he caught her whispers from the crowd,
(Those whispers, soothing-sweet to every ear,
Which some refuse to pay, but none to hear):
Shame fled her presence, at her gentle strain,
Care softly smiled, and Guilt forgot its pain:
The wretched thought, the happy found, her true,
The learn'd confess'd that she her merits knew:
The rich--could they a constant friend condemn?
The poor believed--for who should flatter them?
Thus on her name though all disgrace attend,
In every creature she beholds a friend.When Love was born of heavenly line,
What dire intrigues disturbed Cythera's joy!
Till Venus cried, 'A mother's heart is mine;
None but myself shall nurse my boy,'
But, infant as he was, the child
In that divine embrace enchanted lay;
And, by the beauty of the vase beguiled,
Forgot the beverage--and pined away.
'And must my offspring languish in my sight?'
(Alive to all a mother's pain,
The Queen of Beauty thus her court addressed)
'No: Let the most discreet of all my train
Receive him to her breast:
Think all, he is the God of young delight.'
Then TENDERNESS with CANDOUR joined,
And GAIETY the charming office sought;
Nor even DELICACY stayed behind:
But none of those fair Graces brought
Wherewith to nurse the child--and still he pined.
Some fond hearts to COMPLIANCE seemed inclined;
But she had surely spoiled the boy:
And sad experience forbade a thought
On the wild Goddess of VOLUPTUOUS JOY.
Long undecided lay th' important choice,
Till of the beauteous court, at length, a voice
Pronounced the name of HOPE:--The conscious child
Stretched forth his little arms, and smiled.
'Tis said ENJOYMENT (who averred
The charge belonged to her alone)
Jealous that HOPE had been preferred
Laid snares to make the babe her own.
Of INNOCENCE the garb she took,
The blushing mien and downcast look;
And came her services to proffer:
And HOPE (what has not Hope believed!)
By that seducing air deceived,
Accepted of the offer.
It happened that, to sleep inclined,
Deluded HOPE: for one short hour
To that false INNOCENCE'S power
Her little charge consigned.
The Goddess then her lap with sweetmeats filled
And gave, in handfuls gave, the treacherous store:
A wild delirium first the infant thrilled;
But soon upon her breast he sunk--to wake no more.A Legend of the Talmud.
I.
When angels visit earth, the messengers
Of God's decree, they come as lightning, wind:
Before the throne, they all are living fire.
There stand four rows of angels-to the right
The hosts of Michael, Gabriel's to the left,
Before, the troop of Ariel, and behind,
The ranks of Raphael; all, with one accord,
Chanting the glory of the Everlasting.
Upon the high and holy throne there rests,
Invisible, the Majesty of God.
About his brows the crown of mystery
Whereon the sacred letters are engraved
Of the unutterable Name. He grasps
A sceptre of keen fire; the universe
Is compassed in His glance; at His right hand
Life stands, and at His left hand standeth Death.
II.
Lo, the divine idea of making man
Had spread abroad among the heavenly hosts;
And all at once before the immortal throne
Pressed troops of angels and of seraphim,
With minds opposed, and contradicting cries:
'Fulfill, great Father, thine exalted thought!
Create and give unto the earth her king!'
'Cease, cease, Almighty God! create no more!'
And suddenly upon the heavenly sphere
Deep silence fell; before the immortal throne
The angel Mercy knelt, and thus he spoke:
'Fulfill, great Father, thine exalted thought!
Create the likeness of thyself on earth.
In this new creature I will breathe the spirit
Of a divine compassion; he shall be
Thy fairest image in the universe.'
But to his words the angel Peace replied,
With heavy sobs: 'My spirit was outspread,
Oh God, on thy creation, and all things
Were sweetly bound in gracious harmony.
But man, this strange new being, everywhere
Shall bring confusion, trouble, discord, war.'
'Avenger of injustice and of crime,'
Exclaimed the angel Justice, 'he shall be
Subject to me, and peace shall bloom again.
Create, oh Lord, create!' 'Father of truth,'
Implored with tears the angel Truth, 'Thou bring'st
Upon the earth the father of all lies!'
And over the celestial faces gloomed
A cloud of grief, and stillness deep prevailed.
Then from the midst of that abyss of light
Whence sprang the eternal throne, these words rang forth:
'Be comforted, my daughter! Thee I send
To be companion unto man on earth.'
And all the angels cried, lamenting loud:
'Thou robbest heaven of her fairest gem.
Truth! seal of all thy thoughts, Almighty God,
The richest jewel that adorns thy crown.'
From the abyss of glory rang the voice:
'From heaven to earth, from earth once more to heaven,
Shall Truth, with constant interchange, alight
And soar again, an everlasting link
Between the world and sky.'
And man was born.The Sunbeam loved the Moonbeam,
And followed her low and high,
But Moonbeam fled and hid her head,
She was so shy – so shy.
The Sunbeam wooed with passion;
Ah, he was a lover bold!
And his heart was afire with mad desire
For the moonbeam pale and cold.
She fled like a dream before him,
Her hair was a shining sheen,
And oh, that Fate would annihilate
The space that lay between!
Just as the day lay panting
In the arms of the twilight dim,
The Sunbeam caught the one he sought
And drew her close to him.
But out of his warm arms, startled
And stirred by Love’s first shock,
She sprang afraid, like a trembling maid,
And hid in the niche of a rock.
And the Sunbeam followed and found her
And led her to Love’s own feast;
And they were wed on that rocky bed,
And the dying day was priest.
And lo! the beautiful Opal –
That rare and wondrous gem –
Where the moon and the sun blend into one,
Is the child that was born to them.At the creation of the Earth
Pleasure, that divinest birth,
From the soil of Heaven did rise,
Wrapped in sweet wild melodies--
Like an exhalation wreathing
To the sound of air low-breathing
Through Aeolian pines, which make
A shade and shelter to the lake
Whence it rises soft and slow;
Her life-breathing [limbs] did flow
In the harmony divine
Of an ever-lengthening line
Which enwrapped her perfect form
With a beauty clear and warm.he was born on a dark lonely night
and not a soul was in sight.
his mother was driving home
on that starry night, when she started
to feel the contractions.
she knew right then that she would
have to take action.
she pulled alongside that old country road
and her stomach she did hold
.
when she felt that waterbag bust
and in GOD she put her trust.
she asked the LORD what she should do
for she knew not what to do.
she heard a voice so soft and gentle
that told her to stay calm.
for this was a special child
that would be born this night
and that everything was  going
to be allright.
she pushed the front seat back
as far as it would go
and took off her clothing so
that she could see.
the pains became so severe
and a head did appear.
she pushed with all her might
so that this child could be free.
for this was the way
it was meant to be.
as the child started to come out
from her lungs came a shout.
this child came out with such ease
and she felt a gentle breeze
as if it was a whisper upon her face
and she knew it was through GODS grace.
with a penknife she cut the cord.
and cleaned him up the best she could.
she wrapped him within her coat
and put the heater on
and drove back to a distant farm.
when she got to the farm
and banged upon the door.
when no one answered
she knealt down on the floor.
again she called upon the LORD
and asked what she should do.
he told her to look towads the barn
for there was a light as bright as day
and the farmer was baling hay.
as she got to the barn door
she collapsed in sheer exhaustion.
when she finally opened up her eyes
on the hay she did lay.
and  beside her lay her child.
and the farmer told her she was
out for quite a while.
but the ambulance was on the way
and that he could not move her
in fear of jeopardizing her life
and that she was cleaned up
by his lovely wife.
now the farmers wife was
a religious woman
who believed that nothing
happens by chance.
and at this child she did glance.
she said that he had an aura
of light above his head
just like the bible which she had read.
she looked at this childs mother
and asked her this:
'is this coincidence or is this
a sign from above
that he would be in a barn
like christ was in the manger?
she recalled that gentle voice and
what it had said.
that a special child would be born on this night.
now you tell me.
was she wrong, or was she right?a new life;--thoughts move not as they did
With slow uncertain steps across my mind,
In thronging haste fast pressing on they bid
The portals open to the viewless wind
That comes not save when in the dust is laid
The crown of pride that gilds each mortal brow,
And from before man's vision melting fade
The heavens and earth;--their walls are falling now.--
Fast crowding on, each thought asks utterance strong;
Storm-lifted waves swift rushing to the shore,
On from the sea they send their shouts along,
Back through the cave-worn rocks their thunders roar;
And I a child of God by Christ made free
Start from death's slumbers to Eternity.Bright glittering lights are gleaming in yonder mansion proud,
And within its walls are gathered a gemmed and jewelled crowd;
Robes of airy gauze and satin, diamonds and rubies bright,
Rich festoons of glowing flowers—truly ’tis a wondrous sight.
Time and care and gold were lavished that it might be, every way,
The success of all the season—brilliant fashionable gay.
’Tis the birth night of the heiress of this splendor wealth and state,
The sole child, the only darling, of a household of the great.
Now the strains of the fast galop on the perfumed air arise,
Rosy cheeks are turning carmine, brighter grow the brightest eyes,
As the whirling crowds of dancers pass again and yet again—
Girls coquettish, silly women, vapid and unmeaning men.
’Tis a scene to fill the thoughtful with a silent, vague dismay,
And from its unholy magic we are fain to steal away;
Out here in the quiet moonlight we may pause awhile and rest,
Whilst the solemn stars of heaven bring back peace unto our breast.
Soft! who is the fair young being—she who nightly joins us now,
In a robe of airy lightness, and with jewels on her brow,
Fair as the most fair ideal dreaming poet e’er inspired,
Or as lover, charmed by beauty, ever worshipped and admired.
Strange! what means that look so weary, that long-drawn and painful sigh;
And that gaze, intense and yearning, fixed upon the starlit sky?
Is she not the child of fortune, fortune’s pet and darling bright,
Yes, the beauteous, courted heiress—heroine of the gala night?
From the crowds of ardent lovers, who would beset her way,
Sickened by their whispered flatt’ries, she has coldly turned away;
And, as now the thrilling music falls upon her wearied ear,
She cannot resist a shudder, caused by mingled hate and fear.
“This is pleasure, then,” she murmurs; this is what the world calls bliss,
Oh! for objects less unworthy, for a holier life than this!
I am weary of its folly. O, Great Father, grant my boon:
“From its sinful, silken meshes, I pray Thee, free me soon!”
Did He answer? Now another year has passed with rapid flight,—
O’er the crowded, silent city broods the spirit of the night;
In the sick wards of the convent, fever-stricken, gasping, lies,
One with death’s damps on his brow, and its film o’er his eyes.
There beside him kneels a Sister, in coarse dusky robe and veil,
And with gentle care she moistens those poor lips so dry and pale;
Now she whispers hope and courage, now she tells of Heaven bright—
Thus it is the gentle heiress celebrates her next birth-night.
Not a trace of weary languor rests upon that ivory brow,
No vague sigh of restless yearning e’er escapes her bosom now;
Yet more fair and happy looks she, in that simple garb I ween,
Than when, robed in lace and jewels, she was called a ballroom’s queen.Young mother! proudly throbs thine heart, and well may it rejoice,
Well may’st thou raise to Heaven above in grateful prayer thy voice:
A gift hath been bestowed on thee, a gift of priceless worth,
Far dearer to thy woman’s heart than all the wealth of earth.
What store of deep and holy joy is opened to thy thought—
Glad, sunny dreams of future days, with bliss and rapture fraught;
Of hopes as varied, yet as bright, as beams of April sun,
And plans and wishes centred all within thy darling one!
While others seek in changing scenes earth’s happiness to gain,
In fashion’s halls to win a joy as dazzling as ’tis vain—
A bliss more holy far is thine, far sweeter and more deep,
To watch beside thine infant’s couch and bend above his sleep.
What joy for thee to ling’ring gaze within those cloudless eyes,
Turning upon thee with a glance of such sweet, strange surprise,
Or press a mother’s loving kiss upon that fair, white brow,
Of all earth’s weight of sin and care and pain unconscious now.
Then, as thy loved one’s sleeping breath so softly fans thy cheek,
And gazing on that tiny form, so lovely, yet so weak,
A dream comes o’er thee of the time when nobly at thy side
Thy cherished son shall proudly stand, in manhood’s lofty pride.
Yet a sad change steals slowly o’er thy tender, loving eye,
Thou twin’st him closer to thy heart, with fond and anxious sigh,
Feeling, however bright his course he too must suff’ring know,
Like all earth’s children taste alike life’s cup of care and woe.
But, oh! it lies within thy power to give to him a spell
To guard him in the darkest hour from sorrow safe and well;
Thou’lt find it in the narrow path the great and good have trod—
And thou thyself wilt teach it him—the knowledge of his God!Resign'd to live, prepar'd to die,
With not one sin, but poetry,
This day Tom's fair account has run
(Without a blot) to eighty-one.
Kind Boyle, before his poet, lays
A table, with a cloth of bays;
And Ireland, mother of sweet singers,
Presents her harp still to his fingers.
The feast, his tow'ring genius marks
In yonder wild goose and the larks!
The mushrooms shew his wit was sudden!
And for his judgement, lo a pudden!
Roast beef, tho' old, proclaims him stout,
And grace, altho' a bard, devout.
May Tom, whom heav'n send down to raise
The price of prologues and of plays,
He ev'ry birth-day more a winner,
Digest his thirty thousandth dinner;
Walk to his grave without reproach,
And scorn a rascal and a coach.While, Stella, to your lasting praise
The Muse her annual tribute pays,
While I assign myself a task
Which you expect, but scorn to ask;
If I perform this task with pain,
Let me of partial fate complain;
You every year the debt enlarge,
I grow less equal to the charge:
In you each virtue brighter shines,
But my poetic vein declines;
My harp will soon in vain be strung,
And all your virtues left unsung.
For none among the upstart race
Of poets dare assume my place;
Your worth will be to them unknown,
They must have Stellas of their own;
And thus, my stock of wit decay'd,
I dying leave the debt unpaid,
Unless Delany, as my heir,
Will answer for the whole arrear.May each new Year some new Perfection give,
Till all the Mother in the Daughter live!
May'st Thou her Virtues to the World restore!
And be what Henrietta was before!
And when revolving Years mature thy Charms,
When Pride of Conquest thy fair Bosom warms,
May some great Youth, for ev'ry Grace renown'd,
With Taste and Science bless'd, by Virtue crown'd;
By Virtue guarded from Ambition's Wiles,
Superior both to Fortune's Frowns and Smiles;
Who wears the Honours of a glorious Name,
Yet to Distinction bears a nobler Claim;
Like a new Star, in native Lustre bright,
That boasts no Radiance from reflected Light:
Allow'd the rising Genius of his Age;
By ev'ry Excellence thy Heart engage;
Like Him who bless'd thy Mother's Nuptial State;
But O! may Heav'n give Thine a longer Date.we may be the same in face and needs
but! i am different in value and deeds.
while you love to flaunt your looks
i love to sit and read books.
you want to be the center of the crowd.
'i just look at you and frown'
you want to show people that.you are
the better of the twin
because you are happy and carefree.
but this is not what all people see.
there are times in life that
we are alike.
but! we are both seperate individuals
with different personalities.
i believe in the goodness in life
having children and a wife.
while you believe in the party rule.
in my eyes you are such a fool.
when it is time and the lord
calls our name.
will you still feel the same.
we are twins this i can see
but you are not the same as me.
so when you see that it's time for change
i will love you just the same.I celebrate
my lover's birthday
glorying in her
body
ravishing her senses
(she relishing my ravishing)
until her soul
lies naked before me
I making her anew
shaping her molecule by molecule
touch upon touch
creating her
kiss by kiss
until she exists
clothed in my love
dressed in her joy
this day of her
birth.All is still and silent now
The world is at peace with man
The terrors of day are quiet now
Peace reigns throughout the land
Thin shades of night come creeping
slowly over the earth
Now in awesome stillness Earth lies
Like a woman awaiting the moment of birth
Remembering now, in fleeting moments last
too soon forgotten lessons
of a day almost past
If it were possible she’d sigh
‘Perhaps ‘tis best this way’
Dark battles for one last moment
... then the birth of a new day!
Mary Havran
(Written when poet was ten years old)
A note to the reader: I have recently spent some time revisiting my earliest poetic efforts and upon
Reflection have decided to post some on this sit. Poems whose titles are prefixed with the designation “zPt”  are poems written during my preteen years.  I hope you find them interesting.In the State of Kerala,
South-west of India,
There exists a town,
As Kaladi, it’s known.
As a famous pilgrim center,
At the bank of Purna River,
There lived in this Town
Many Namboodri Brahmins.
Among them was one,
Sivaguru, a poor Brahmin,
Who led a spiritual life,
With Aryambal, his wife.
They had no children.
To beget a pious one
They prayed daily the Lord,
Shiva, the most merciful God.
One day, in his dream,
The Lord, Shiva came,
And told him like this
To fulfill the wish of his.
“Do you want a son,
The most intelligent one,
With less years of age
But will live like a sage? ”
“Or, many sons you need,
With their sins and greed?
You’ve your option,
And choose any one.”
He told this to Aryambal.
Next day, in the temple,
Before Shiva, the Lord
They earnestly prayed.
“Oh Lord, What’s good
To serve this world
You know it well.
This how can we tell? ”
“Despite short-lived-one,
Let us have a good son,
Who’ll bring us credit
With his every noble act.”
In the Month of Vaikasi,
Under the star Tiruvathirai,
Shiva himself was born
As Sankara, their only son.
He came to destroy adharma,
And well establish dharma
As their son, Sankara,
In this miserable Kali Yuga.In the aqueous placenta
Of Psychological
Feminine vitality,
The shapeless feotus
Of my virgin desire
Begins to materialize
Nourished by the
Quintessential love
Flowing from your verse!
Heart oozes sensuality,
Throbbing emotions,
Pigmented with Passion.
Infantile Stumbling
In my composition
Of Illegible words,
And I recline in your
Adoring arms
To learn love’s first alphabets!Your eyes are the colour of water
but it is completely frozen over
and there is no way into your vision
unless I somehow warm you up first
Alas, that is something I can't do
unless you're willing to let yourself go
and press your body against my body
in hopes that the sparks will make a fire
So until our bones lie in the ground
I will have a fire inside of me
and it is burning like Andromeda
just because you aren't here for me
but I wonder, if you come around
will I want to burn for you much more?- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -It was winter I met them in garden
No leaves, no flowers, no fruits got at all;
I returned seeing all were in warm bed
I suffered terribly from cold and food,
At reaching home I entered my garden
Found all were alright even in winter.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │19 January,2018Blank Verse For Corona Virus
February 18, 2020
Corona virus is microscope germs
Why has it been so dreadful and vicious?
For humans' wrong doings and malpractice,
Oppressing others and abusing things,
Polluting environment, finishing
Its beings to disturb eco-system;
But to understand these they are so fool
So, they are going to lose too many!To save wilderness and to stop abuse
Of nature and any of its resources
And any agent contains environment,
To stop the wastages of personal
Social, state or any other assets
Can be protected the environment.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │19 January,2018Dear Love,
How is life treating you?
Fair or Rudely as ruthless as she is.
The willful hope of your adamant beauty
Glows still? Or it's impeccable venom had harmed
Sundry eyes whose tongue long to taste?
How are relatives and brethrens,
Family, Friends and lovely foes?
How often does joy smile at you,
And how arrogant does boredom frown at you.
Whenever the pair switch their pace
Again, then hold the latter and free th former.
Wherever it may be, by that you'll be free,
And will see life in a new cloak girded in beauty.
I hope you're save with education?
Hope with her you're liberated?
Or is her sibling choking you?
Tell me please, Ignorance shall sterilise her.
Remember me to your heart.
Chasten its ear, that their is still an insisting
Soul that want to dwell in her.
Make it clear to her that, the insistor would remain a tenant
If she would not prepare for him, a room.
My message would not
Give you as token to stress I pray.
Yours Shattered,
Lust.
18: 03: 18: 20: 25I'm not a Banker,
But I wish to be one:
Then in succession of my wish,
Sculped in passion to become thus.
Whenever I wake in the morn,
When the dawn thrust his lip to be Kissed by the anxious hay.
I'd taken up the regalia of a banker
And gird myself in it as if i'm one:
My Loosed tie and sweet suit,
Star shoe and wrist watch,
Heightened heart and sermonized soul,
Perfumed purse and oiled eyes.
And then would make for the path,
That lead to where my heart is.
For mid-decade did i continued in this,
Till one day I became one.
You wouldn't be what you Want,
In a day, or bewitched seconds span.
Whatever you wish to be, work towards it.
You will be one, the one, and one of the one.
Josh says so!
18: 03: 19: 07: 00Maneuverability:
Fifty men of war sent forth:
Regulations of crimes' stat.
Abetalipoproteinemia:
The stomach retreats a bit and pushed forth.
The lungs stays its border, and appoint guard.
Methylenedioxymethamphetamine:
Eyes set willingly to work out odds and even.
All dead muscles revived to commemorate strength.
Terms, stems and roots in english all are,
But how many have we known so far?
We can know yes, but little,
Then, why strife to know by force?
18: 03: 19: 07: 41was probably invented in an -ober;
or in one of the -embers or -arys;
or in an August or April;
or a March or July.
You'd have to say
it was not in June or a May.The poems I compose in my head
are refusing to be plastered on paper,
or relegated to cyberspace;
they stop mid-verse and stare.
'I refuse to be committed, '
the poem says instead,
'to words.  Word-wise
I'm all in your head.'  That's all.
She is not whole.
She has no soul.
'My word, ' she said,
'I'm all in your head.'
In my head,
this is what I said,
and kept adding lines
all in a slow decline:
I am attached
to artifacts....
Today at Friends of the Library,
four books I bought....
Sixty-five of my years
I lived in 'the American century'....
You can't seduce poetry
from out of sheer prose.
Her eyes just roll.
'Ya gotta have soul.'How do you write with Rhymes and Scans?
What is Blank Verse? ~ I hear you say,
Poetry that does not rhyme in the verse,
Is called 'Blank Verse' today.
Poems in 'Blank Verse' must scan,
Each line in Meter must be read,
To tell a Story by the Poets too,
And sound right to them in their head.
It is not difficult to write in rhyme,
Think aloud the words you write,
As you put them down on paper now,
Or whenever ~ Day or Night.
In time you will learn to think in verse,
Your thoughts into rhyme will go,
Be prepared to stop and write them down,
When the words come ~ fast or slow.
Poetry is a Gift from HIM above,
Bestowed on so few of us,
To leave to this World and others to come,
The thoughts that pervade our head.
Copyright (c)  Jonathan Goldman [JGthepoet] - 4 May 2006I did tell you to write a verse for me
You have written a blank verse, now I see;
No meter, no rhyme, no adjustment theme
Only ten syllables in each line found
Iambic pentameter also seen
Is also the cause of my suffering.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │19 January,2018You are my muse of many months
Mutterings born from misery
You were in my heart when it bled for others
So an essence of you laces every verse
And now. No longer miserable.
So happy I'm lost for words.The Spirit drips so golden from the Still.
Persistent as a beating heart.
Oh that my words would learn the part
To be as constant as my will
To write.
Some days I look upon a page
My mind as blank, with no desire
To raise a spark to light the fire
No phrases can I forage.
O dark night.Arise!  Break fast m’lord dawn is nigh,
The dell awakens to the cockerel’s crow anon.
Durst thou hide, beneath thy tapestry,
Whilst I crumble to dust in my burial chamber?
Love of my life I beseech you come,
Be fain to meet me ere the church bell chimes at daybreak,
Forsooth there’s none to blame evermore.
Copyright © 2011 Caryl Ramsdale. All rights reserved.I have learnt some things about death recentl
this is what I have discovered
Death is a race, it is more then one being
It kills people everywhere everyday as it can't be everywhere
Unless it was more then one
Death is a secret, it is livings worst kept secret
For we are surrounded by death in life
Constantly we fear it, as it must fear us
Death has its fear, that is the end of everything
For when the universe is gone and nothing is left
Death end, and ceases to exist
Death plays its games, every few centuries or millenium
It lets us thrive to the point where we are too many
Then it kills us excessively in multiple ways
Death is merely us, though invisible
It wonders too, looking for something to do
While it wonder the universe
It has purposeI've never cowed to purple prose
know now I'll never write it,
for anyhow true writer knows
hand stretched finds critics bite it.
I've never wowed, and goodness knows
hacks lack the knack of versing,
won't bow, kowtow to backhand blows,
preferring role reverse_sing.
Ah, yes, I wrote on purple prose,
yet can't regret I penned it,
one far prefers rhyme's timeless flows,
no blush need rush defend it.Near the lone pile with ivy overspread,
Fast by the rivulet's sleep-persuading sound,
Where 'sleeps the moonlight' on yon verdant bed--
O humbly press that consecrated ground!
For there does Edmund rest, the learned swain!
And there his spirit most delights to rove:
Young Edmund! famed for each harmonious strain,
And the sore wounds of ill-requited love.
Like some tall tree that spreads its branches wide,
And loads the west wind with its soft perfume,
His manhood blossomed: till the faithless pride
Of fair Matilda sank him to the tomb.
But soon did righteous Heaven her guilt pursue!
Where'er with wildered step she wandered pale,
Still Edmund's image rose to blast her view,
Still Edmund's voice accused her in each gale.
With keen regret, and conscious guilt's alarms,
Amid the pomp of affluence she pined;
Nor all that lured her faith from Edmund's arms
Could lull the wakeful horror of her mind.
Go, Traveller! tell the tale with sorrow fraught:
Some tearful maid perchance, or blooming youth,
May hold it in remembrance; and be taught
That riches cannot pay for Love or Truth.Three ways orally, spoken and written
They practise some examples and maxims,
Repeatedly shown those while talking
But hardly are seen in proper ruling,
Administering to secure the rights
Of fully or partly oppressed, deprived;
I am not saying about others but
Our absurd democracy and leaders.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 9 November,2017Their paper-like souls burn in nuclear flames;
Ablaze without remorse or contrition
Within them like Hiroshima or Na-
Gasaki on atomic pyres; burning
Unquenched and unabated until even
The damned and unsuspecting around them
Are themselves without mercy engulfed by
Its supernatural force, its white-hot
And enraged fury as if to disgrace a Hell
And Heaven in conspiracy together;
As gamma-rays consume their calcified
Bones, they cannot stand to behold before
Them Armageddon's Jesus that by Truth's
Light cooks their moist and fleshy tongues like a
Seared, Angus steak; as the sight of Him li-
Quefies their eyeballs into putrid ooze
In their twin sockets; as their head's ablaze
With radioactive decay and heat;
As ashen clothes like death's used-up robes fall
From their rude, roasting flesh, —and even the
Thews, sinews, ligaments and tendons of
Their limbs melt at the wrath of Christ's Next Ad-
Vent, ...until at last they are gently killed
Without hope of forgiveness or the grace
Of personal redemption, and are cast
Into the lake of everlasting fire
Where there is "weeping and gnashing of teeth."
*"Parousiamania": obsession with the Second Coming of ChristIn youth I rarely prayed
So full of self was I
A lid of pride so tight
Only God could pry it off.
This thing called pride
Is no small thing
My street kids had it
And so did I.
The tension between us was great.
Love held us in its unseen sovereignty,
Ruled with a scepter no one saw.
At age added, a different scene -
Body and mind no longer impervious to time
This other thing I sense but can not name
A presence always there
The thing that gives the modern mind its scare
It does not work like gravity
But I know it's true,
Especially if I'm not too forceful
In declaring this truth to you.I have always written my Poems
In Verses that do Rhyme and Scan,
Now I have discovered I can write,
Blank Verse with no Rhyme ~ but with Scan.
Words they stream into my Mind,
As line-by-line and word-by-word,
Onto this pad they get written,
At four twenty in the morn ~ fast and slow.
Besides the pain in my left leg,
Was it also hunger that awoke me,
Two glasses of milk I have taken
And now I am ready for my bed.
But, will I sleep ~ LORD will YOU let me?
I shall always acknowledge YOU,
Please let me rest my body,
And delay the words YOU are sending me anew.
Another cup of milk and I rest my pen,
Back to bed to rest my soul,
Give it back to me when I awaken,
Hopefully in the morn after ten.
Copyright [c] Jonathan Goldman [JGthepoet] - 23 July 2014Do not forget yourselves are of humans
And rational beings thought you to be,
So do just what humans should do and why
Right path should be for you in the whole life,
To do good for you and for all other
Or you will go down the lower animals.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │19 January,2018The Blank Verse For Cat And Dog
11 November, 2018
Two domestic animals when come in a
Comparison: dog and cat they are known
I set my some of right opinions,
The cat is silent and some fearful one
And the dog is loud barking and brave one,
Cat especially does something inside
And dog outside of home does much service,
Again cat needs less food but cozy life
But dog needs much food and any life does.The Grace In Billah (Blank Verse)
25 November, 2018
While writing anything or work starting
My mind, start by His Name and receive grace;
Coz, He is Allah, the most Graceful and
Starting any work by His name known Billah;
With Billah graces walk to starters, then
The piece of work will be finished fully.I support the truth you support falsehood
Hence, between you and me a difference;
Sufferings cause people unlimited
For the above two, the truth and falsehood;
As opposite knows child let alone old
By two ways they go ever no union.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 21 December,2017While Visiting The Bay - Blank Verse
March 20, 2020
To the sun setting into roaring bay
To the boats plying in the waving sea
To the birds flying in the vast blue sky
To mankind walking by the long seaside
Once while visiting the Bay of Bangle
I had some long packs of questions to ask.Your Sweet Names In Blank Verse
February 1, 2020
Your sweet names are for sweet qualities
When any of Your those names is called with
Belief in You and in the other terms
Concerned of You and Your warns and orders
You respond instantly to the caller
And solve the problems with blessings in time,
For example, I have committed sins
One of Your names is "Gaffer" / "Pardoner"
So I am calling by the name "Gaffer"
And in future I won't commit any,
You forgive me completely and kindly
And declare me a fully innocent.太陽
陽光穿過天空蒸
在你的光芒，吞沒了高地
中午是親近和夜會跟隨。Seems all my days of late
Are spent in doubt
Regrettin’ what I done
Wonderin’ how to get out
Y’see a while ago
I made a big mistake
Now I’m wishing it’s a dream
Please Lord, let me wake
This awful thing I done
Was while my beau was gone
I started to forget him
And had myself some fun
I met this hot distraction
Things started getting’ hot
Before I cleared my head
This man has got me caught
So I made my bed with him
He rubbed me right and how
Until my beau got home
What I gonna tell him now?
I told my beau the truth
He dumped me and fast
So I stayed with the hottie
But the love didn’t last
I was missing my beau
The worse things got
I tried to get him back
But my beau he told me off
Seems all my days of late
Are spent in doubt
Regrettin’ what I done
Wonderin’ how to get out.Living hard,
the writing comes easy
Living easy,
the writing comes hard
(Villanova Pennsylvania: June,2017)He took the path of death,
I took the path of my birth.
Then, we met at the last exit:
Though we struggled, yet none could exit.
18: 03: 27: 16: 23As I sat as the sea shore,
A man of ill state i did saw:
His eyes,
Have cries
That nature had lent him.
Battered and shartered beside the sea was he,
Laying helpless with the last breath
Striving to leave for death.
Torn attire: as that of a king-
The sea indeed pierce him with her sting.
Hair washed white in misery,
Body baked in sorry.
But, yet despite his state,
With his glottis he did say:
'Why marvel at me though lad?
Why think over me and thus sad?
I'm a man of a clan,
With plans in span.
Though i may be here in death,
But qoute me, the sea cannot fear my breath!
Only if i'll give in to her alone,
Then alone will my life in her flown".
18: 03: 27: 17: 47
Inspired by Percy's 'Ozymandias'...The lad tread the path,
The lad stuck his feet in the mud.
He would kick off the mud,
When in wealth he takes his bath.
18: 03: 27: 21: 07Baby, hold my hand..
Baby, tightly hold my hand..
Let's go on the road, ...
I will show you the world..
You will reach exactly what..
You are expecting just, ...
Strengthen your ambition..
Work hard to get promotion..
Be correct in procession, ...
Keep the force in heart..
Advance always to be first..
Legally try all to set, ...
I can see your movement..
You are walking on confident..
You are advancing just, ...
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 18 December,2017It's better to let her…
keep those fancy shoes and bags
if she comes to bed each night
It's better to let her…
have the house worn and ragged
if the trim stays fresh and light
It's better to let her…
whine and constantly bemoan
if she smells like summer rain
It's better to let her…
cash the checks you bring home
—if she'll whisper those words again
(Villanova Pennsylvania: July,2018)Counting spaces between the notes,
the music came alive
The melody deepened, the band on fire,
all bees have left the hive
Breathing in one fast refrain,
my lungs too full to stop
An Angel melts his pearl baton,
the Sirens blazing hot
New sounds created, harp destroyed,
the clouds all push apart
As heaven waits for one last riff,
—to claim my beating heart
(Villanova Pennsylvania: February,2018)"You must earn the right
to sing the blues
"No high school chorus,
the hurt you choose"
To wrestle with your demons,
no safety net in place
Often times it's zero-sum,
a blood trail left to trace
You hum those Irish ditties,
or sing like Junior Wells
When you want those notes to fly,
you usher them through hell
In the end it may not matter,
the ending seldom does
What counts is how you stitch that wound,
—its scar now yours to love
(Villanova Pennsylvania: June,2017)I'm the king of the world
I'm the king that rules
I'm the king of the blues
It's a sin
how good I am
it's a sin
how good I play
All the bluesmen love
to hear me sing
even though I'm better
than all of them
I'm the king of the bluesYou is what you is,
and you ain't what you ain't
The last Mojo Child,
—of the love and the hate
(Villanova Pennsylvania: June,2017)My days and nights
death in between
trouble in front—behind
The devil hijacking my
fondest dream
trouble in front—behind
She said she loved me
then said it twice
trouble in front—behind
The day I got fired
she turned to ice
trouble in front—behind
I pass out stoned
and wake up hard
trouble in front—behind
With time my warden
and sentence scarred
trouble in front—behind
My children's names
now others call
trouble in front—behind
The doctor warns…
"Not one more fall"
trouble in front—behind
Excuses inked
across my chest
trouble in front—behind
The good got better
but the worst got best
trouble in front—behind
My eyes stay swollen
my mojo light
trouble in front—behind
The river rolling
the falls in sight
trouble in front—behind
(Villanova Pennsylvania: August,2018)Gonna roll me a reefer,
and smoke the past goodbye
Gonna empty that last bottle of gin,
and kick this bye and bye
Gonna drink that woman away, Lord,
if I have to turn to rum
Gonna smoke that reefer till my fingers burn
—her memory on the run
(Villanova University Vespers: June,2019)Papa Blues
and Momma Jazz
But ain't that baby
—Rock and Roll
(Villanova Pennsylvania: May,2016)The Blues fills my memory,
all emptiness gone
Its Harp laying claim,
my soul to belong
Little Walter cries out
‘that same old somethin' again
Jimmy Reed to remind us
—of the mojo within
(Villanova Pennsylvania: June,2019)If music is a celebration
the Blues its hidden nest
As voices rise in jubilation
all souls by delta blessed
Its words reveal a joyous cover
its notes a mojo hymn
Old feelings hatched and beating low
—the Blues to spread its wings
(Villanova Pennsylvania: May,2016)Whatchu gonna do when
the trim is gone
Whatchu gonna do when
the right turns wrong
Whatchu gonna do when
the whistle blows
Whatchu gonna do when
your feet say no
Whatchu gonna do when
the man comes knockin
Whatchu gonna do when
that devil's laughin
Whatchu gonna do when
your train don't run
Whatchu gonna do when
the words won't come
(Villanova Pennsylvania: June,2017)If we do look at things in history
no kind of rescue comes from history
and that was just another old story.
.
Peace, the government had promised me
but to war, to death they had then sent me
to set mankind from all kinds of war free.
It was bad, I was under sniper fire
saw howitzer guns open deadly fire
and we moved constantly did then tire.
Every place looked the very same
the weather, the veldt just stayed the same
but to the generals it was a game
and soldiers were sacrificed as mere pawns
in the hearts of great men where evil spawns.Viraal (een geïnfecteerd blues sonnet)
Wij willen al onze uitingen viraal
Facebook en Twitter: graag viraal
We zijn er tuk op: veel kabaal
Acuut genoopt tot sociale isolatie
Een hard gelag en contra-intuïtief deze isolatie
Maar nu massaal en uitzinnig de bibberatie
Allen individueel en pleepapier heel veel
Jij pastasaus ik pak twee keer zoveel
Overvloedig blikvoer het hoofdbestanddeel
Zo bezorgd om onze fysieke zindelijkheid
Hoe staat het met onze morele zindelijkheid?
Weg alle gevoel voor proportie en redelijkheid
Zijn wij zo sociaal en nuchter
Koopdronken op strooptocht en toch nuchter?
Grote bek nu waar anders schuchter
Andere landen altijd wijzen op hun plichten
Nu de overheid wijzen op haar plichten
Kijk naar de rest hoe aanpak in te richten
Als een stel losgeslagen en doldwaze individuen
Oogsten wij nu de asociale revenuenHalf-past on the 9:07 local to New Haven, the Bronx
tenements pent in vaguely post-apocalyptic paragraphs
rushing past too fast to cohere into prose, leaving loops
of graffiti, marred and boarded windows, a hoops game
glowing yellowish in the mercury vapor of street lights,
a Pontiac Bonneville, tireless, jacked up on cinder blocks.
Time waving like a hand from a train I wanted to be on.
Riding a train embodies democracy. Not like cramped,
dank seats of a bus or on the highway where cars mark
the demographic by make and model, here everything
is equalized, time and space included. The post-punk
pierced girl, ears plugged with music, sits next to a man,
silk cravat loosened, fixated on his snuff box, providing
the grand illusion of temporal continuity, the centuries
stacked one on top of the other, a set of encyclopedias.
Time waving like a hand from a train I wanted to be on.
Slouched in the seat, westbound, my forehead pressed
to the scratched up window, rapidly being carried away
from the city, something important recedes, something
else coheres, but I can't seem to conjure a single word
as to what these might be, why I'm filled with such vast,
implacable sadness. I just want to get home, go to sleep.
Time waving like a hand from a train I wanted to be on.Welcome to New York City
The city that never sleeps,
Bean counters everywhere,
Everybody playin' for keeps,
Skinny women, high heel shoes,
Trottin' to the the top,
High steppin' over broken glass,
Big City Bop.
Sunny San Francisco,
See the veteran with one leg,
Exercising freedom of speech,
Exercising freedom to beg,
Here him shout to the chic
Good luck at the top,
Seven days a week,
Big City Bop.
Welcome to Dallas,
Pickups whizzing by
Big oil, big flag,
Big buildings up to the sky,
Big time, big deal,
Big bottom to the top,
Big shots, big wheel,
Big City Bop.Bop bop dance
Hop hop jump,
Click click pass
Gap gap laugh.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 24 January,2018The room fills  with smoke, like a
deep fog, people, talk, laugh, and try
to chace the blue's away, then comes
the sunrise, to show it take's more then
bop to end the blues.I once heard a blue bird
it took me miles and miles past the city limits
to where the monks line up
and dexter lays it down.
wheres bird?
wheres Miles?
wheres the big beat?
co-Mingus the blues
the burn those red houses?
What ever happened to the cats?
predominating
the nature of the chase
and the cool cool beat
under nocturnal haze
free form jerky electric soul.How vast is the mind
in all it surveys?
Humanity's blip can be
measured in days,
yet I hold hallowed
my meager plight
as I plummet blind
through this icy night.
With all prime focus
centered on me
as my reigning
identity
I quake confused
by all my eyes see.
Shall I be sequestered
in perpetuity?
My body buckles
with forces profound
since I find no hope
to orbit around
only more egos
that need to be stroked
waiting for my light
to get revoked.there are fires in the west
typhoons in the east
socialists live in the north
with reds in the southern heat
concrete tattoos the land
exhaust scratches at the atmosphere
so, mother earth
sends a hand to
brush away her only tear
let us overload
let us think we know
let us push forward to
our hindsight dredged
and
indifferent ends.Every day we come out of our home
We need go to respective places to do duties
At home or outside we feel serious problems
In living, breathing, eating, working;
Weather and climate are also in troubles
All these dangers are for environment pollution,
Environment is getting polluted;
Uses of fossil fuels, poisons, harmful gases are much,
Cutting, burning, forest areas, trees, nature go random,
Inventing and abusing of atom, chemical weapons,
Unnecessary uses and abuses of all kind of staffs,
Unplanned and unnecessary constructions,
Unhygienic, unsanitary living,
Throwing poisonous wastage in open field, water
All these together are threatening the environment,
Environment is getting polluted;
To protest these alarming catastrophes
We must undertake some pragmatic steps
To reduce the uses of fossil fuels harmful chemicals, gases
To stop clearing, cutting, burning forests, trees
To reduce wastages but to recycle and start reuses,
And to throw rubbishes, dusts in safety places,
Environment is getting polluted.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 25 December,2017Episode 14 or 15 in my Sexaholic Shopaholic Workaholic series in the form of a bop on marijuana
-Gayathri B. Seetharam
Here are the basic rules: (Writer's Digest)
•	3 stanzas
•	Each stanza is followed by a refrain
•	First stanza is 6 lines long and presents a problem
•	Second stanza is 8 lines long and explores or expands the problem
•	Third stanza is 6 lines long and either presents a solution or documents the failed attempt to resolve the problem
Marijuana is legal in Canada under PM Justin Trudeau's government
And I must say as a young comely maiden growing up in Bangalore, India
Smoking cigarettes occasionally started as a sure way of getting male attention
And a definite way of strengthening female friendships
For the Sexaholic in me did not make her debut until I got married
Once, my male cousin, Naresh, who has tragically suffered an early demise
Gave me a marijuana reefer and I took a couple of drags and heard my mother call out to me
Such was the power of my mother's possible anger that the effects of the happiness drug was wiped out by the act of making tea for all of us;
It's a wonderful life (Refrain) .
But as a Shopaholic trying out a new recipe, I bought hemp hearts, the next best thing
And planned on sometime telling my husband to hump tarts like me
Such unladylike language must be followed by simply delicious muffins
Which is like a brown version of the blue hearted blueberry muffins served in the recently closed neighbourhood Starbucks
And as a Shopaholic back in the days of residence in Ottawa with my son, I had participated in the Du Maurier Open
Quite in the feminist way for I loved to imitate the actions of my husband enjoying the aftermath of sex;
It's a wonderful life (Refrain) .
As a Workaholic, I must draw your attention to a paper of mine published in Facebook-PubMed/NatureBiochemEng
In which I have strengthened the argument with the principles of chem/biochem/biomedical engineering
The magazine, Mind over Matter's attestation that cannabinoidol, the non-psychoactive effect producing part of the cannabis plant
Acts as a possible cure for Alzheimer's Disease and other related dementia
And personally speaking for me, the ‘High' comes from being happy and cheerful
For I was severely depressed for a long time and having been dead as myself, the highs and lows of life
Seem to blend into a plateau"like" state of perpetual delight in the wonders of the world
And I seem to gloss over the sadness that afflicts all of us many a time.
It's a wonderful life (Refrain) .Eti, Miti little girl bop dot com
Tom, Temra two show pomp pomp;
Eti, Miti two are best friends
Tom, Temra both are sergeants;
Eti, Miti when eat cutlet
Tom, Temra then taste biscuit;
Eti, Miti both go to school
Tom, Temra both go to patrol;
Eti, Miti both play volleyball
Tom, Temra both round circle;
Eti, Miti, Tom, Temra if are together
All evaluate their works one another.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 28 December,2017The nurses can drive a coach
and horses through the doctor's life~
smack-talk, crackbrained,
thwack, thwack, thwack,
a chorus of boos
and time for strife.
The nurses are not witches,
Do not have magical powers.
The witches can belittle
the medical skills. They can
fire broadside after broadside.
Catcalls are to be shouted
subsequent to delivering brickbats.
Their secret depth ~ a jest.
In summer, they love
to lie on some beaches' breasts.
The nurses are not witches,
Do not have magical powers.
Therefore, they are abandoned
by their doctors, but this attitude
cannot panic them. They continue
to play their well-known network
games and to flutter dropping invoices~
painted in red and black.
The nurses are not witches,
Do not have magical powers.
The mimic show of the patients
is a sell-out. The nurses receive
new flower rewards. The witches
can play song games like
"Ring-a-ring o' roses, a pocket full of posies."
Well, there is a coming spring
in everyone, in everything, and
in all the senses.
The nurses are not witches,
Do not have magical powers.
Poem by Marieta Maglas, France,2020The child does hop hop
In ecstasy for being top,
And so does bop bop
In rhythmic pop pop;
So hop for top
And bop in pop.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 28 December,2017(lyrics)
Sun shines above me,
melting me down,
my love just kissed me 'hello'.
The day is on and
all things around
are making me feel I'm in love.
Cause winter's leaving,
is hurting no more.
I know she's dreaming of me now.
My heart sings songs for her,
will she hear, clear,
all this music that I have?
Dance crazy feeling,
twisting around,
my love lies safe in my eyes.
I know that soon she'll
fall in my arms
and then we'll be the happiest ones.
...but not yet!Baby is crying and crawling
Mother is cooking and singing,
No one listens other
How pitiful disorder!
Finally mother starts bopping.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │13 January,2018You do like or not
Time will pass
Things will happen
Well or ill in time
Your deeds are for yours
You will be responsible for those,
Nothing will be done behind;
Your planted trees will offer you
The fruits those catch
You do accept or reject
Time will pass
You will gain
Or you will get loss,
So you should have thought
Before doing that,
Nothing will be done behind;
Big trees can't be cut short
Again need to be planted
No time,
Teach your generations
Make them understand
Your wrongs,
Nothing will be done behind.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 25 December,2017Tom jumped to the wall
But fell into a bowl,
Began to hop, hop
Sounding there pop, pop;
It was dancing bop, bop
And jumping hop, hop.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 25 December,2017Bop
Pop
Hop
Hop,
Children sing, dance;
Well from them, hope.
About
RARe Stanza:
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
6 Lines Poem ─
Syllables Meter: 1-1-1-1-4-4
Rhyme Scheme: aabbca; ababca; aaaaba.
RARe Stanza refers Right Angle Reza Stanza.
Geometric Theoretical Explanation of ‘RARe Stanza'
The 1st 4 (1-1-1-1) lines stand on the last 2 (4-4) lines,
At the joining point, line No. 4 and 5 there the 90º angle is generated;
The 90º angle is known as Right Angle in Geometry.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 25 July, 2018who hears what comes from outside I.
could only be a car mount's tone
that no one misses, that comes alone
all on its own from where the heck.
what i am not that feeds on need
so that thinking bites the rounder.
for he courts the miller
with sluggers every hour.
for homeland's sake he bends a rule
look here look here iamb you too
how longer still the über allles
shush, dear country, pressed for dollars.
before I something from without
for none devours the entire hour
about the smock and silence
the judge will want to bend.
and all's questions oven.
Translated by Brian CurridI'm only as amazing as I left myself be
Let my mind wander so the light I can finally see
See now baby I made this far
And i did it with you my shining star
It's true, I adore you
And if you only knew too
I don't want to leave you behind
I want you forever by my side
You're the one from which I can't hide
With your hazel eyes
Why won't you just come with me
So we can be side by side under this Italian moonlight
Baby darling, Don't you know you got me smiling
Girl you know I'm proud of you
With a soul as beautiful as cerulean blue
And if you think that I never knew
You better think twice
'Cause you're my sweet dearest
Keep you the nearest
To my heart, Sweetheart I love you and adore you
All day and night, This has to be right
Our bond is packed tight
At the end of this letter, doll you better
Write back so I can go with you to and fro
'Cause it's best we don't let this go
Standing by your side weary, Oh so eerie
With affection
I hope you do hear me, And share
The adoration
As you put your lips up to mine, I'll tell you
That your loving will always be true
Baby I'm going with you
Be happy with me all the way through
You're my soul mate baby, Who knew
That it would be us, Who knewHeaven cries, the people are crippled
on whom it relies, crippled of the mind
eyes opened but blind, to the necessary
evil plaguing our hearts, pulling us apart
from the love shared from above, making us
teach corruption instead of salvation
Sundays has become boring, I get tired
of pretending to be listening to all those
false teachings and preachings and doctrines
that I wonder where they come from,
was it not the same bible I read this morn'
so where did you get that interpretation from
I kindly ask you dear one.
And they tell me everyone's got a different understanding
I tried but they pushed me aside
I corrected them, but I became a problem
So I just chill every Sunday morning
Realizing this problem is without solving
And I leave them all to God
When we die, we'll be judged based on our recordsBy Marieta Maglas and Dr. Subhendu Kar
The moon gleams descend to rock the night, where
the void of universe haunts the dreams, in which
the music of nightmares glitters within yet without.
The arm of silence is a limb of pain. The death is
dancing with the life while keeping everything in white-
the coats, the walls, the beds and the skin of patients.
Some rays of light make slalom among planets when their stars
are pulsing spumes of life to travel from one end to another one.
The patients are like dancing skeletons needing love and
air for a good new breath. Their nightmares are loaned
by the void flounces and fear to fall. In this place, people
do not fight one another. The fight is inside and in self. The
fear hides behind the windows. It becomes a rabbit to jump
into souls. The joy cries in pain to withstand the oddities
of life.The hope dissipates in quiet lounges to smell like
illness, or cheap food and to flow into the longing to belong.
Some rays of light make slalom among planets when their stars
are pulsing spumes of life to travel from one end to another one.
Some patients leave their beds to go nowhere in search of the
grain of the universe. Mars is that red planet waiting at the green.
The quest still persists to pursue all through this disastrous existence.
The doctors are scared of not being able to save their patients with
their kisses flossed on lips to radiate when the patients have attacks
of not being able to breathe. Dreams desiccate the breeze of death.
Some rays of light make slalom among planets when their stars
are pulsing spumes of life to travel from one end to another one.At arriving the New Year
They are making funs, cutting jokes
Then bop, bop
With the new year pop
And are singing top
With rhythmic pop,
The new year bop with pop;
They are happy like school children,
Laughing like small children,
As glad as green trees,
Running like stormy winds,
Crying like the sea birds,
Barking like the wild dogs,
Jumping like gazelles, stags;
Breaking like tigers and lions
The new year bop with pop;
Thus they welcome New Year
Putting on festive wears
Eating well pudding
Forming new choirs
Singing new carols
Just after Christmas holidays,
The new year bop with pop.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 30 December,2017I got a finger snap in my ear
the clouds are hung low
and the sky tells a tale
of how its like below
The rain is beating down
and the fireworks are lighting
explosions close to home
as the eastern world is fighting
with a tiger in the tank
and the pot is boiling under
this desert scream I'm hearing
rolls down highways like thunder
fireball water balloons
disney PSA
God is in a prison camp
for lack of DNA
The storm wanders crazy-like
faster than a train
the cattle eat their corn
while producing more methane
The universe is expanding
as the human mind is diminished
this orchestra in my soul
says the human race is finishedBop bop dance was well going
With pop pop band;
And hop hop jump
On the sea sand;
Pomp pomp show
In the day of grand,
With bop bop dance all are enjoying;
A concert on the beach
Some foreign and home singers
Together on the sand
Singing and singing
Pop pop music spreading
Singers and audiences are bop bop dancing
Wind blowing, mind flying,
With bop bop dance all are enjoying;
All nightlong goes the concert
All the singers and audiences are inspired
By the sea high waves
Were falling on the sand
The audiences enjoyed both
The big band on the sea shore,
With bop bop dance all are enjoying.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 29 December,2017A Bref Double in my Sexaholic Shopaholic Workaholic series and it is a pizza episode
-Gayathri B. Seetharam
From Wikipedia, I learnt that a bref double has 3 quatrains and a couplet. The rhyme and non-rhyme scheme followed is: a x b c; x a x c; a x a b; a b
As a Sexaholic, I love my carbohydrate intake and I object to the daily pill of the Atkins diet
And in my sedate lifestyle, the inner cravings for sex are satisfied by precious make-out sessions leading to an orgasm many a time
Last week, I had a glorious sexual orgasm after a non-habitual intake of rice and curry and I later imagined bins and bins of rice
It was like the one I had after eating store bought pizza along with a can of iced tea and I had to recover from the supremely beautiful feeling;
As a Shopaholic, I have bought pizza pans and a pizza cutter and a pizza stone with an extra rolling pin
And if you are overcome by ardour for I roll and bake large veggie pizzas
It is relatively easy for me for I originate from a lot of Indian cooking
And I say this with candour, pizza brings out my "pizzaz";
As a homemaker chemical engineer with graduate degrees in the same, I have an aptitude for cooking and baking inherited from my special mother
And I have researched in the kitchen the chemical formula for the delicious pizza crust I make and it is C6H10O5-CHOH -(C8H17CH=CH(CH2) 7OH-C12H22O10)plus protein plus fat
As a Workaholic, I have the right attitude for I have requested the Dept of Chemistry, U of Toronto, the usage of their electron microscope for a payment from me for a $50
And I shall bide my time and find if my research is right;
Prof. Jane Phillips, I dedicate this research to you for you were an amazing lady professor and I have high standards
And as my role model, you set me on a blazing trail of a paid career for a couple of years in the university and corporate environment.Dayton
he lived in a city
made of elevators
and dead end alleyways
all was a box or trap
even the kids knew life
by its fistfights and strays
cats and dogs chased across
the corporation map
his first kiss was a lie
but one that was pretty
his teenage love affairs
flew through him in a snap
leaving him with gritty
women and one-act plays
By: Robert Lee BrewerListen to your heart,
Follow your dreams,
Don't look for anything else,
Just forget unnecessary things.
Live Life to its fullest,
And enjoy every minute of it.
Bend the rules and push the limits
Love all, but trust only ONE.
Health is your real wealth,
believing others is foolishness
Just enjoy what you have with God's bless
Waiting for wealth will create a mess.
Live for as long as you can.
Settle for nothing but only the best,
And give cent percent with sincerity and trust.
Sometimes, take risk and live on the edges.
You are the master of your fate
You are the captain of your ship.The Muse has fled the empty mind,
The pen has stilled, the words are gone.
Inspiration is sadly lacking
A creative dark cloud settles in.
What's the good of writing blind,
When all conclusions are foregone?
How many trees give up their lives
To find the story from within?
Ideas, not so elusive now,
Flirt within the writer's mind.
With pen and paper set the snare,
Trap the Muse and wear her skin.
The story's written and refined,
Once again creation's pawn.
By : C R WardRoly-Poly Prince
Her older sister dared her to
pick up the armored crawly bug
and hold it in her tiny hand.
The small girl carefully complied.
Her frown turned up into a smile
of glee as her confidence grew
changing her face into the glow
of a delighted elfin bride.
Wet and slick from the grassy dew
the round insect rolled right up tight,
defense to fend off foe, a new
magic prince for her fairy land!
The impish buck toothed tot at two
had bravely taken up command.
by Judi Van GorderDuty And Responsibility (Bref-double)
February 20, 2020
Responsibility
And duty tell,
"There's a little difference
At mid",
Long responsibility
Short duty say, "well
No absence
Always attend",
Attendance
Tolerance
Perseverance
Always need,
I love my country
Is it out of tale?Today's another king tide, and we'll soon find out
If the last few days rain, will cause floods again.
The streets are clean, and all the mud removed,
The weather proves the ending of the drought,
As mother nature treats us with so much distain,
And once again her might is easily proved.
The eleventh hour has passed, we ease our breath.
As I walk towards the river I see her full.
There is no flood, yet there is still anger there
But will not cause another untimely death.
Black clouds gather again, the outlooks dull,
And once again feel familiar splashes on my hair.
As I walk back to work I revel in the rain,
Who would want to see the drought remain?
by : Ryter RoethicleShe said she would leave the light on outside
Just in case he decided to turn back
And it was a good thing she did; he did
He parked his ride, climbed the porch, snuck inside
Helped himself to a little midnight snack
Gazed in wonder at his- their- sleeping kid
"I found your light," he whispered in her ear
"And that boy, he looks like us"- she slept on
He climbed in bed as he was: found, not lost
And drank her in like she would disappear
"When I wake up, I daydream that I'm gone
But then it's night and day's well worth the cost"
Morning finds her dressed in black; it's her rite
For she's turned off ev'rything but the lightShould you be moved to speak in anger dear
I ask that first you test your words alone.
If meaning's very clear, then is it fair?
Unleashed, harsh words will travel like a spear,
If anger stems from blunder of my own
You know I'll be contrite and seek repair.
Why not delay, so anger can abate?
Is it essential now that blame be found?
Attack invokes defense without much thought.
There's nothing risked delaying words that grate.
With calmer words we'll both seek common ground.
Use dulcet tones to reap the goal now sought.
My love, use whispers closely late tonight.
I love you, honey; I will make it right.
By Lawrence EberhartThere is a happy bird, a little one
when all the other birds do move abroad
that is flying chirping everywhere
until the time comes that the sun is gone
small swallows fill the air over the road
twisting, hurtling up and down through the air
flying to and fro, flying very fast,
like fighters they dive over the bridge,
over the water as if visiting fish
skimming along as long as the day lasts,
catching small insects, every midge
they make me feel young and somewhat impish,
flying on long pointed wings and turning,
dropping from where the hot sun is burning.Terrorists struck without warning!
Coming out of a clear blue sky
On a beautiful cool morning,
Leaving us to wonder why
They’d kill women and children,
Muslim, Buddhist and Jew,
Hindu, Shinto and Christian,
To name only a few...
One brother against another,
We aren’t so different at birth
Teaching makes us hate each other
And lessens our own self worth...
Hatred begets hatred,
Your victory is to make more like you,
But in the end you’re dead
And “Victory” is dust and ashes, too
Yes, terrorists struck without seeing,
Killing all in their blindness,
But the most meaningful responses
Were random acts of kindness....
>^.Karl! (12/02/01)The first day you woke me up,
did you open the door
or did I leave it open?
How could you know?
There were blinds
on the windows
and yet you knew
that was the first snow
of a long winter,
“it´s a clear winter morning,
let´s go and enjoy the snow”.
You knew
when to touch my hand
to tell me
life is waiting
let´s go play.
You knew
the best definition
for happiness.
Open your eyes and enjoy.
Let´s go play.
You knew
the exact measure
of truth,
of danger.
The secret
must be
the smell.I was groping for a friend
in a net of eyes by the tube;
I was looking for a brother
in a heart of dearness as old;
I am sharing for a life
to a friend not yet known;
I am trusting a brother
at a distance my dreams've shown.
I am talking to a friend
in a net of dearness by the tube;
I am looking at his eyes
seemed like Moses of old.
I am sharing for a life
to a friend now yet called
at a distance shared a promise
for a newfound life yet assured;
for at a distance, a friend
and a brother, now behold;
he's there, I'm here yet embracing
in this little lovely world.To tribute to your kindness
In words is not enough
To tell of your caring
For me and others is wasting time
To a dear brother of mine
To bridge a gap so wide
As to let me into your heart
When I don’t even know mine
This tribute to you
My brother
My friend
My family
In love you conquer hate
And within these ugly times
You conquer them with beauty
This tribute to my brother ends
But always will remain trueMy heart feels so troubled by the things that fate has done,
I love you dear brother, to me you're number one.
I set here by myself, your picture in my hand,
thinking about you living in another land.
You my dear, sweet brother, are everything to me,
My heart, my life, my happiness all the good I see.
Though you're ill, and feeling sad I want you to know,
If life were to take you away,  my love for you wont go.
I'll remember all the days we shared as little children having fun,
Jumping, climbing, birthdays from now back to when we where young.
Dear brother you'll never really leave me, no you wont depart,
and if, God, saw fit to take you, I'll forever keep you in my heart.Brother Rabbit and Brother Terrapin wanted to run round a tree.
They went to Brother Bear and asked him to be the referee.
He said to Brother Terrapin, “You win if you’re the first to take the stone! ”
Brother Rabbit ran and won as Brother Terrapin could only go,
He cried, “Brother Rabbit has run, but has he really won?
Look here, my stone’s on me, so I’m number one! ”
When Brother Fox and Brother Rabbit meet,
Brother Fox always tries to eat
Brother Rabbit who often thinks how
To laugh at Brother Fox. Now
Brother Rabbit said, “Have we met, Brother? Hi! ”
“Oh! I haven’t had lunch”, Brother Fox replied.
“But when we yesterday met,
You also said that.
Poor Brother Fox had no lunch,
Then have for it grass or a branch”.
Brother Rabbit’s taught Brother Wolf a lesson.
He’s done it to amuse his little son.
Now, Brother Wolf’s in a cage.
Nothing he can change.
Yesterday he ate meat in a trap,
And Brother Rabbit didn’t let
Him run out, he locked him then,
He taught him and needn’t teach again.Abuse
He was little at the time,
She was only a child,
But both were abused,
And had been for a while.
Their father was cruel,
Mean and heartless.
The way he hurt them,
Made it look effortless.
He locked her up,
In a room up the stair.
And left the house drunk,
Leaving her there.
He was hit from the mum,
A blow to the face.
The way they were treated,
Was an utter disgrace.
He couldn't get up,
He couldn't fight back.
For food to get stronger,
Was something he lacked.
The little girl was left,
Alone in the dark.
Cradling her arm,
On which was a mark.
Her wrist had been used,
To put out a cigarette stump.
Buring through the skin,
Leaving her with a lump.
He had been kicked,
When he was down.
Kicked for just being there,
Kicked down to the ground.
She had been someone,
For her parents alone,
To personally hurt,
When they were at home.
These children were hurt,
Outside and in.
They'd been physically abused,
And hurt right within.
Their pride had been banished,
Long, long ago.
They couldn't stand up,
And simply say, 'No! '
The children died,
Not older than three.
The boy protecting his sister,
The girl clutching her teddy.
They had bruises,
Up and down their arms.
But they had escaped,
Escaped from further harm.
I wish that I could have,
Had the courage to speak.
To tell someone of this abuse,
That happened each week.
I could have made a difference,
For this little boy and girl,
I could have made a difference,
That they could mean the whole world.
So if you know of any,
Type of abuse.
Tell the helpline to today,
Before someones life is what we loose.Frank, wil't live unhandsomely? trust not too far
Thy self to waving seas: for what thy star,
Calculated by sure event, must be,
Look in the glassy-epithete, and see.
Yet settle here your rest, and take your state,
And in calm halcyon's nest ev'n build your fate;
Prethee lye down securely, Frank, and keep
With as much no noyse the inconstant deep
As its inhabitants; nay, stedfast stand,
As if discover'd were a New-found-land,
Fit for plantation here.  Dream, dream still,
Lull'd in Dione's cradle; dream, untill
Horrour awake your sense, and you now find
Your self a bubbled pastime for the wind;
And in loose Thetis blankets torn and tost.
Frank, to undo thy self why art at cost?
Nor be too confident, fix'd on the shore:
For even that too borrows from the store
Of her rich neighbour, since now wisest know
(And this to Galileo's judgement ow),
The palsie earth it self is every jot
As frail, inconstant, waveing, as that blot
We lay upon the deep, that sometimes lies
Chang'd, you would think, with 's botoms properties;
But this eternal, strange Ixion's wheel
Of giddy earth ne'er whirling leaves to reel,
Till all things are inverted, till they are
Turn'd to that antick confus'd state they were.
Who loves the golden mean, doth safely want
A cobwebb'd cot and wrongs entail'd upon't;
He richly needs a pallace for to breed
Vipers and moths, that on their feeder feed;
The toy that we (too true) a mistress call,
Whose looking-glass and feather weighs up all;
And cloaths which larks would play with in the sun,
That mock him in the night, when 's course is run.
To rear an edifice by art so high,
That envy should not reach it with her eye,
Nay, with a thought come neer it.  Wouldst thou know,
How such a structure should be raisd, build low.
The blust'ring winds invisible rough stroak
More often shakes the stubborn'st, prop'rest oak;
And in proud turrets we behold withal,
'Tis the imperial top declines to fall:
Nor does Heav'n's lightning strike the humble vales,
But high-aspiring mounts batters and scales.
A breast of proof defies all shocks of Fate,
Fears in the best, hopes in worser state;
Heaven forbid that, as of old, time ever
Flourish'd in spring so contrary, now never.
That mighty breath, which blew foul Winter hither,
Can eas'ly puffe it to a fairer weather.
Why dost despair then, Frank?  Aeolus has
A Zephyrus as well as Boreas.
'Tis a false sequel, soloecisme 'gainst those
Precepts by fortune giv'n us, to suppose
That, 'cause it is now ill, 't will ere be so;
Apollo doth not always bend his bow;
But oft, uncrowned of his beams divine,
With his soft harp awakes the sleeping Nine.
In strictest things magnanimous appear,
Greater in hope, howere thy fate, then fear:
Draw all your sails in quickly, though no storm
Threaten your ruine with a sad alarm;
For tell me how they differ, tell me, pray,
A cloudy tempest and a too fair day?Who was the villain
When it all began
Some fair-haired stranger
From a faraway land
Or the African brother
Selling his neighbor away
In exchange of whatever
The fair-haired stranger would pay
For the brutal betrayal
Of his own damned kin
Has anything changed
Since the original sin
Who was the villain
........When it all...beganTraumatized, by life's indiscretions
Submerged in stereotypical
contradictions
caught up in the mix
Can you fix, what's not broke?
The token mentality of the man
disparity is his plan
A thousand faces and, no place
to call your own
You're trapped in a world
taught to hide and divide
victimized by a crime
you didn't commit
you ask the question
Will I ever be free
to just be me
And...
walk the streets
though unknown, be left alone?
Can i drive my car
no matter how far
And...
not get stopped
because, my skin color
Is not like the other?
Will they discover
the other side of prejudice
or just, continue to suffer
the consequences of circumstance?
Is there a chance to enhance
the mind of the man
And...
make him understand
that, not all brothers
are the same?
The game remains
But...
the players
do changeMy baby brother falls a lot.
I see how sad he feels.
Why don't baby brothers
come with training wheels?His ears are ever vigilant be careful of what you do say
Big Brother he is listening from you he's never far away
Your words he may put a slant on and one word in the wrong place
Could see you in deep trouble the court you might have to face.
The Government allows free speech free to a point maybe
But when mere words can land you in trouble that does not seem free to me
And big brother is listening and he hears what he wants to hear
The best way of freedom curtailment is the weapon known as fear
And big brother he takes note every time you speak your mind
And if he sees something he does not like in trouble yourself you will find
He is the Government watchdog your words can see you in jail
Big brother is always watching you he even checks your mail.
Big brother he is listening even when your friends you phone
And even those who live on their own in truth are not alone
For big brother is with them though him they cannot see
He remains as invisible and few as treacherous as he.When I look upon a photograph.
Not so long ago, not so faded.
A picture of my beloved big brother.
The memories had filled my mind.
The times we cried and the times we laughed.
How brother watches over me,
Makes sure I'm not hurt.
When I was sick, he made my lunch.
We'd go on shopping trips.
We thought we would grow old together.
Through the years we thought it was true.
Brother and I worked on model trains.
Then time had come to call.
My big brother had to go.
He passed away, he went to eternal sleep.
God is holding him as he sleeps.
Until he comes to call.
All I have are memories and a photograph.
In memory of big brother Paul.Humankind has come far in technology so very far 'twould seem
Back in the nineteen fifties of such achievements we dared not dream
In this age of the computer Big Brother reigns supreme
To him we have become as visible as fish in a clear pool of a sunlit stream.
Big Brother knows more about you now than he has ever known before
And he watches every move you make even from a distant shore
He knows your inner secrets into your soul he see
With the aid of the computer and modern technology.
Big Brother not a benign character he has never been that way
He judge you for your opinions and everything you say
Goes into his computer a dossier on you he create
For Government Bureaucrats for to use against you in some future date.
The pinnacle of human achievements we are told we have not seen
And Big Brother is more powerful now than he has ever been
With the aid of modern technology he looks into your soul
And the loss to us of privacy is beyond our control.I have a friend far across the sea.
We have never met,
but she is never far away.
Our hands have never touched,
but our hearts have,
through our words
that bring comfort and console.
We are not related,
but a big brother she thinks I am.
She is always writing
about this distant friend.
So now is my chance
to write one for her.
I hope when she reads it
she will get a silly grin.
29 June 2007Big Brother he is always watching you
And nothing unbeknown to him you do
Of his attentions none of us are free
We never can escape his scrutiny.
Big Brother is one we never get to know
Though he spies on us where ever to we go
Our sixth sense tells us he is never far away
He never cease to watch us night and day.
Big Brother is an agent of the State
And few would wish to have him as a mate
No respect for your privacy he show
And due to him the Government about you most thing know.
A faceless soul he is one we never see
And of his attentions we cannot be free
A silent spy he never makes a sound
And unbeknown to us he follows us around.
Along the street as by houses you walk by
From behind curtained windows on you he does spy
Big Brother watches you by night and day
And from you he is never far away.Burning! Burning! Whole world is burning
Erased ghettos, razing down skyscrapers
Mowed out farms, fields and meadows
Smoldering woods, thickets and vines
Thawing glaciers and boiling polar waters
War-fire far and wide; wild and torrid
Melting earth into oceans
Asia and Australia in shambles
Africa reduced to hot ashes
And South America under mercenary cap
Screaming, shouting and crying everywhere
Whole human world looking like God’s acre
In the bloody gore, pillage, mire and pyre
Scurrying kith and kin, in rubble, gathering
Scattered limbs of their near and dear ones
Tragedy reigning; hungry cinders remaining
In ravaged homes and ruined lives
“Ha! Ha! Ha! What a scene! How picturesque! ”
Dream broke! Big Brother awoke!
With cold sweat on his face and
Cold feeling sweeping his fetish mind
Smiled he in wild ‘sadist’faction at his reverie
Muttered he to himself in glee
“I will! I will! Fulfill this dream!
And slake this thirst! This hunger and this lust!
With hysterical urge reach those orgasmic crests
And stand there laughing my heart out
And shout, shout and shout like a lunatic
I am Lord! I am God! I am the Almighty! ! ! ”The first born of the family
Brought happiness and prosperity
Even his name represents that
“Aklil” means “crown” in Tigrinya
He paid his life with no doubt
Stood for his people for his home land
Such a good brother and son
So young and a sweet one
Too unfair to be gone
How can I forget his smiley face
So cute and decent our family’s grace
Life has been too mean to you
Beloved brother I miss you
While I’m obsess through sadness
Realize if it weren’t you and the others
Paid life and brought this peace
We wouldn’t live and blithe
Not even be able to breath
Beloved brother, we all are proud of you
Even though we crazily missing you
The short good times we shared
Is what I deeply engraved
And I always miss that
“Aklilu” your memory is in my heart
Never thought life could be that short
You deserve to live and it really hurt
My beloved “Aklil” this poem is for you
I wanted the whole world to know you
I love you and I really miss you! ! ! !
N.B I wrote this poem for my brother who martyrs at the war between Eritrea and Ethiopia On May 17 2000 at the age of 24 in a specific place named Adi-rakba
thank you for reading itHe lies near to death
Dying in the dust
Broken and forgot.
Now his children
Once mighty tribes
Fall before the setting sun.
His women - - young and old
Dead and dying
Host the killer AIDS.
He calls for help
To rich brothers in the West
But his cries fall upon stone-deaf ears.
For they find no profit
Supplying HIV drugs
To those who cannot pay.I know so well I have made a big sin
When having said something that has hurt you.
But I came to you apologizin',
Beging your pardon with what I can do.
I let myself in the class where you are,
I spoke to you about the event;
You have shoken your head not to go far
And you have only spelled the two words «  I can't. »
I asked you then about the pledge for your sake;
You replied you accepted only the words,
And the pledge is just only a sort of fake;
With which you can only trap the stupid birds.
Once again I gave you a tell-tale poem
About our own four years buddihood story:
I reconciled myself to your blues,
And at the end, I implicited « I'm Sorry! ».
Tonight, the poem here is to you written.
And I pray it would set you out of fury.
You're my elder sister; I'm your brother
And this what really made our own glory."SISTER, sister, go to bed!
Go and rest your weary head."
Thus the prudent brother said.
"Do you want a battered hide,
Or scratches to your face applied?"
Thus his sister calm replied.
"Sister, do not raise my wrath.
I'd make you into mutton broth
As easily as kill a moth"
The sister raised her beaming eye
And looked on him indignantly
And sternly answered, "Only try!"
Off to the cook he quickly ran.
"Dear Cook, please lend a frying-pan
To me as quickly as you can."
And wherefore should I lend it you?"
"The reason, Cook, is plain to view.
I wish to make an Irish stew."
"What meat is in that stew to go?"
"My sister'll be the contents!"
"Oh"
"You'll lend the pan to me, Cook?"
"No!"
Moral: Never stew your sister.Brother, Brother
thank you for being there
for me
I know sometimes I want
to help you but I'm a
girl! ! !
Brother, Brother
thank you for helping me
through my life! ! !
Brother, Brother
you graduated
in high school
You are moving on..
I will miss
you with all of my
HEART! ! !
Brother, Brother
thank you  for
giving what I want.
Also thanks for being
the best brother
cause I have only
1 brother thats
you! !Brother Brother
Please Come Back Home
I Wish We All Would Have Known
Brother Brother
Why Arent You Here?
You Diddnt Have Anything To Fear
Things Would Have Gotten Better
Throught This Past Painful Year
You Took Your Own Life Brother
Just Like So Many Others
Your Family Just Looks At Pictures And Has To Stare
Thats The Only Way We See You And Its Just  Not Fair
We All Miss Your Big Smile
That You Had On Your Face Every Day
I Love You Sister
The Words You Said Every Single Day
I Miss The Way You HUgged Me
The Way You Would Always Be There
Now Once Again All I Do Is sit and Stare“Brother Brother a long time has past 15 years since I’ve seen you last
Your laughter and smile will never die like your spirit that fills the sky
We have to look for your signs ever present in our lives
Your voice echoes in the wind like a whisper from a friend
A shooting star from above a little sign to show me your love
Brother I’m there watching over you like a Guardian Angel
Talk to me I will listen I hear your thoughts and your worries
I feel your pain and your joy my soul has never died
Always keep me in your heart and my memory alive
I will be there to greet you on the other side
Eternal love and friendship “The magical song birds flew away from the uncle's orchard without informing him.
The trees some were uprooted and old as same as uncle's gray beard.
I remember the bygone days when the fruits were laden and ripen on the tree tops how they danced merrily?
But now no more any singsong or a friendly chat and only you hear is the faint whisper of decaying leaves over his pet dog 'Marco's' silent tomb.
*Hey! My dear friend nothing could be hold firmly as everything disappears like in a sad dream.
This poem is a dedication to my friend George.Murdock in gratitude.My brother Jim's a millionaire,
while I have scarce a penny;
His face is creased with lines of care,
While my mug hasn't any.
With inwardness his eyes are dim,
While mine laugh out in glee,
And though I ought to envy him,
I think he envies me.
He has a chateau, I a shack,
And humble I should be
To see his stately Cadillac
Beside my jalopy.
With chain of gold his belly's girt,
His beard is barber trim;
Yet bristle-chinned with ragged shirt,
I do not envy Jim.
My brother is a man of weight;
For every civic plum
He grabs within one pie of state,
While I am just a bum.
Last Winter he was near to croak
With gastric ulcers grim. . . .
And no! although I'm stony broke
I will not envy Jim
He gets the work, I get the fun;
He has no tie for play;
Whereas with paddle, rod and gun
My life's a holiday.
As over crabbed script he pores
I can the sky's blue rim. . . .
Oh boy! While I have God's outdoors
I'll never envy Jim.SHE has gone,-- she has left us in passion and pride,--
Our stormy-browed sister, so long at our side!
She has torn her own star from our firmament's glow,
And turned on her brother the face of a foe!
Oh, Caroline, Caroline, child of the sun,
We can never forget that our hearts have been one,--
Our foreheads both sprinkled in Liberty's name,
From the fountain of blood with the finger of flame!
You were always too ready to fire at a touch;
But we said, "She is hasty,-- she does not mean much."
We have scowled, when you uttered some turbulent threat;
But Friendship still whispered, "Forgive and forget!"
Has our love all died out? Have its altars grown cold?
Has the curse come at last which the fathers foretold?
Then Nature must teach us the strength of the chain
That her petulant children would sever in vain.
They may fight till the buzzards are gorged with their spoil,
Till the harvest grows black as it rots in the soil,
Till the wolves and the catamounts troop from their caves,
And the shark tracks the pirate, the lord of the waves:
In vain is the strife! When its fury is past,
Their fortunes must flow in one channel at last,
As the torrents that rush from the mountains of snow
Roll mingled in peace through the valleys below.
Our Union is river, lake, ocean, and sky:
Man breaks not the medal, when God cuts the die!
Though darkened with sulphur, though cloven with steel,
The blue arch will brighten, the waters will heal!
Oh, Caroline, Caroline, child of the sun,
There are battles with Fate that can never be won!
The star-flowering banner must never be furled,
For its blossoms of light are the hope of the world!
Go, then, our rash sister! afar and aloof,
Run wild in the sunshine away from our roof;
But when your heart aches and your feet have grown sore,
Remember the pathway that leads to our door!my brother he is lost to me,
grew up and he out grew me.
moved away to hide from dad,
left me all alone and sad.
now he's forced to live a lie,
scared away by one big cry.
he wrecked the car so dad wrecked him,
kicked him out and forced hate in.
he's run away many times before,
but now he's allowed in no more.
pretend like and fake love,
my dad is now so filled of.
they can be together for just mere minutes,
then the fight begins before us.
hide the pain, we try to do,
but once again it just breaks through.
way to young to be on his own,
but he's still left alone.
now all i have left to say,
is i hope to see him free one day.
free of pain, and free to hope,
and free for him and his love to elope.BROTHER of all, with generous hand,
Of thee, pondering on thee, as o'er thy tomb, I and my Soul,
A thought to launch in memory of thee,
A burial verse for thee.
What may we chant, O thou within this tomb?
What tablets, pictures, hang for thee, O millionaire?
--The life thou lived'st we know not,
But that thou walk'dst thy years in barter, 'mid the haunts of
brokers;
Nor heroism thine, nor war, nor glory.
Yet lingering, yearning, joining soul with thine,                  10
If not thy past we chant, we chant the future,
Select, adorn the future.
Lo, Soul, the graves of heroes!
The pride of lands--the gratitudes of men,
The statues of the manifold famous dead, Old World and New,
The kings, inventors, generals, poets, (stretch wide thy vision,
Soul,)
The excellent rulers of the races, great discoverers, sailors,
Marble and brass select from them, with pictures, scenes,
(The histories of the lands, the races, bodied there,
In what they've built for, graced and graved,                      20
Monuments to their heroes.)
Silent, my Soul,
With drooping lids, as waiting, ponder'd,
Turning from all the samples, all the monuments of heroes.
While through the interior vistas,
Noiseless uprose, phantasmic (as, by night, Auroras of the North,)
Lambent tableaux, prophetic, bodiless scenes,
Spiritual projections.
In one, among the city streets, a laborer's home appear'd,
After his day's work done, cleanly, sweet-air'd, the gaslight
burning,                                                     30
The carpet swept, and a fire in the cheerful stove.
In one, the sacred parturition scene,
A happy, painless mother birth'd a perfect child.
In one, at a bounteous morning meal,
Sat peaceful parents, with contented sons.
In one, by twos and threes, young people,
Hundreds concentering, walk'd the paths and streets and roads,
Toward a tall-domed school.
In one a trio, beautiful,
Grandmother, loving daughter, loving daughter's daughter, sat,     40
Chatting and sewing.
In one, along a suite of noble rooms,
'Mid plenteous books and journals, paintings on the walls, fine
statuettes,
Were groups of friendly journeymen, mechanics, young and old,
Reading, conversing.
All, all the shows of laboring life,
City and country, women's, men's and children's,
Their wants provided for, hued in the sun, and tinged for once with
joy,
Marriage, the street, the factory, farm, the house-room, lodging-
room,
Labor and toil, the bath, gymnasium, play-ground, library,
college,                                                     50
The student, boy or girl, led forward to be taught;
The sick cared for, the shoeless shod--the orphan father'd and
mother'd,
The hungry fed, the houseless housed;
(The intentions perfect and divine,
The workings, details, haply human.)
O thou within this tomb,
From thee, such scenes--thou stintless, lavish Giver,
Tallying the gifts of Earth--large as the Earth,
Thy name an Earth, with mountains, fields and rivers.
Nor by your streams alone, you rivers,                             60
By you, your banks, Connecticut,
By you, and all your teeming life, Old Thames,
By you, Potomac, laving the ground Washington trod--by you Patapsco,
You, Hudson--you, endless Mississippi--not by you alone,
But to the high seas launch, my thought, his memory.
Lo, Soul, by this tomb's lambency,
The darkness of the arrogant standards of the world,
With all its flaunting aims, ambitions, pleasures.
(Old, commonplace, and rusty saws,
The rich, the gay, the supercilious, smiled at long,               70
Now, piercing to the marrow in my bones,
Fused with each drop my heart's blood jets,
Swim in ineffable meaning.)
Lo, Soul, the sphere requireth, portioneth,
To each his share, his measure,
The moderate to the moderate, the ample to the ample.
Lo, Soul, see'st thou not, plain as the sun,
The only real wealth of wealth in generosity,
The only life of life in goodness?I think of you and shed a tear
I'd cry a million if they could bring you back here
That night when you left and said goodbye,
I did not know the next morning you would die.
Now that your gone, god how I wish,
I’d stop that night to give you a kiss.
It always felt safe there in your arms,
None could match your beauty and charms
I love you brother and the world should know;
That you were not meant to grow old,
As young as you were and as smart as I am
I know you were not part of a long life’s plan.
To bright before us you shone from afar,
I knew somehow you would be killed by a car.
Fast to exit, too fast for me,
but long will you be remembered you see.
For you were the one that everyone liked,
my brother, my friend, up to mischief and strife,
For some reason a wife was not part of your life’s plan,
no children were sired to add to our clan
My brother, how proud I am to say,
that you were my brother,
I miss you today.
Your wit and your charm, your style and grace
you were too good for this human race
You died so long ago, when we  were both young,
we thought our lives had only just begun,
It is sad and I just want you to know
I wish you'd had  the chance to see my boy grow,
I am married now you see,
with a son and two daughters living happily.
You are often in my thoughts as I watch my Blake grow;
I see his spark, and cheeky grin,
the shape of his eye and the angle of his chin.
I watch his smile; I sit and think of you awhile.
I hope you see me from above,
and know I am sending you all my love
Jeannie ©
please make comments. this is my second poem submitted, feedback greatly appreciatedWe all make our mistakes in life and for that payment is always in full,
Regardless of our actions our decisions leads us to either victory or defeat;
A learning proccess that as humans we all must pass, even at our childhood we gain experience with hard knocks;
Having sometimes a blind eye to the truths or deaf to our conscious of a fool,
Hoping that as we proceed in life the past stays in the past and doesn’t hunt us;
Not realizing that we involve people that love us;
Consequences that influence many of those who are constantly in our minds,
Separation of a love one is a difficult task; Regardless whether is a mother, brother, son or daughter;
Waking up to an empty soul feels like an ocean with a bottomless floor,
Like darkness not knowing whether your next step is forward or stumble into the unknown,
Now we must part you must go one way as I must remain,
A brother I never new must part his own way,
Soon we’ll be together I understand, soon we share a laughter once again;
I’ll remain your brother thru thick and thin; you must pay for your action as they say,
Don’t worry; for brood is thicker than water and no matter what you will always be my brother.Why dont you come home at nights?
Why are you always getting into fights?
Why are your eyes always so red?
Why do you seem like your hanging by a thread?
Why are you always in a bad mood?
Why dont you come home....except for food?
Why dont I hear from you? Your always with your friends.
Please, tell me what we did wrong, I'll gladly make amends.
Where does all your money go?
Wait...dont tell me...I dont want to know.
Please pull yourself together. Make something of your life
Buy a house, settle down, have children with a wife...
Please stop doing all this foolishness you do.
But remember, no matter what. I will always love you.
Brother, dear brother
whatever you choose.
whatever you lose
I wont abandon you,
never....I refuse
I'll be by your side to the very end.
When all your friends leave, I'll be your best friend
Just please let me help you fix your bad choices.
When choosing your path...let your family be the voices.
We'll guide you to life
We'll guide you to hope
We'll guide you away
from the booze and the dope
So please make room in your heart for the ones who love you.
We'll be with you forever. We love you through and through.I can still hear your voice
although decades have passed—
the baritone of a man
who is approaching fifteen.
Knees and knuckles numb,
you stand on the snowy bank
of the Shenango river,
pulling an angry muskrat
from an old steel trap.
Like a eucharist
you hold it up against
the Pennsylvania sky,
its only remaining paw
bleeding, almost severed,
dangling in the sun.
Blue-lipped and barely eight,
I shiver in the wind,
and almost weep for home.
“It made it all this way”—
you say—“on three raw bones,
and still defies its death,
just like we must the cold.”Someone who wants to be a rocker
Known as my brother
Always playing guitar.
So annoying
Drives me crazy
Tell him to get up
Because he's lazy.
Pretending to be
Someone he's not
Nothing wrong with that
But please at eleven at night
Let's get some shut eye
And turn off the light.
*(For you my brother, For there is no other) *I love you
Can't you see
How I care
Can't you see
How I die
Die there with you
Can't you see
My pain
Cause it hurts
Yes it hurts
To see you hurt
Yourself
So bad
I love youBrother to brother
I know that I can always coun on you
Because you are my brther
And I am your brother also
Brother to brother
Your life is different than mine
You live in Brazil
I live in Canad a country that is more advanced in technology
Brother to brother
I will pray for you
Eventhough you don't believe in God
Brother to brother I will email you more frequently
Brother to brother I will sing you a song
Brother to brother I hope the saints will go to Sao paulo and watch you While you are sleepingTell me something my Cyber Lover,
do you happen to have a brother?
It's just I have a Cyber Friend out there,
and for her welfare I really care
He must of course be the perfect man,
and write like you, tell me he can?
For I cannot possibly share you,
my heart would simply break in two!
(LOL - for 'L')dear brother
will i ever see you again?
or have i lost another friend?
i know you had to go
but i want you to know
that i miss you more than i can show
dear brother
it's been a while
since you last made me smile
and i know you had to leave
but i want you here with me
because i miss you terribly
dear brother
will you ever come home?
or am i never to know?
and i wish you didn't have to go
but i want you to know
that i miss you more than i can showOh brother of mine, why don't you just die tonight.
oh brother, oh brother, oh brother... just  die tonight.
i can see it now your lying in the snow,
blood red all aroung,
from your head down to you toes.
Oh brother of mine, why don't you just die tonight.
Nobodys around, it will be a sweet sound.
good bye Good Bye GOOD BYE! ! !
theres joy in my face,
i'll put you in that place,
not heven but hell,
where you've always belonged.
oh brother, oh brother, oh brother... just  die tonight.
nobody would care,
your just a piece of air,
everything will be sweet,
it will be neat,
the my best treat
Its amazing, i know this is ture,
its all gonna come after you,
its all gonna come, come when your gone
Oh brother just die just die just DIE tonight
You'll be on the missing person list,
for a min, or two,
untill we realize this,
NOBODY LIKES YOU!
Oh brother of mine, why don't you just die tonight.
oh brother, oh brother, oh brother... just  die tonight.
i can see it now your lying in the snow,
blood red all aroung,
from your head down to you toes.
you'll do us a favor, so put that to your head,
and wish for your sweet death.
Say your good byes, though nobody will cry
just pull that God damn trigger and just die.
Oh brother of mine why don't you just die.
JUST FCUKING DIE! ! !
***(i don't accually wish death on my brother, i was just very angry at him at the time. but hay... you would too if you were the only girl in the family of 6 children....yes that means i have 5 older brothers. it sucks major ass.)  ****There’s a mirror likeness between those two
shining, youthfully-fledged figures, though
one seems paler than the other and more austere,
I might even say more perfect, more distinguished,
than he, who would take me confidingly in his arms –
how soft then and loving his smile, how blessed his glance!
Then, it might well have been that his wreath
of white poppies gently touched my forehead, at times,
and drove the pain from my mind with its strange scent.
But that is transient. I can only, now, be well,
when the other one, so serious and pale,
the older brother, lowers his dark torch. –
Sleep is so good, Death is better, yet
surely never to have been born is best.Let us pray to
the demons of time
and old age.
Let us beg absolution
from our wrinkled skins,
and our hair, the color
of cremated doves.
Let us beseech the heavens
to stop this constant loss
of joy, this slow dulling
of the heart.
We are
silent old soldiers
alone with our terror.Full many a dreary hour have I past,
My brain bewildered, and my mind o'ercast
With heaviness; in seasons when I've thought
No spherey strains by me could e'er be caught
From the blue dome, though I to dimness gaze
On the far depth where sheeted lightning plays;
Or, on the wavy grass outstretched supinely,
Pry 'mong the stars, to strive to think divinely:
That I should never hear Apollo's song,
Though feathery clouds were floating all along
The purple west, and, two bright streaks between,
The golden lyre itself were dimly seen:
That the still murmur of the honey bee
Would never teach a rural song to me:
That the bright glance from beauty's eyelids slanting
Would never make a lay of mine enchanting,
Or warm my breast with ardour to unfold
Some tale of love and arms in time of old.
But there are times, when those that love the bay,
Fly from all sorrowing far, far away;
A sudden glow comes on them, nought they see
In water, earth, or air, but poesy.
It has been said, dear George, and true I hold it,
(For knightly Spenser to Libertas told it,)
That when a Poet is in such a trance,
In air her sees white coursers paw, and prance,
Bestridden of gay knights, in gay apparel,
Who at each other tilt in playful quarrel,
And what we, ignorantly, sheet-lightning call,
Is the swift opening of their wide portal,
When the bright warder blows his trumpet clear,
Whose tones reach nought on earth but Poet's ear.
When these enchanted portals open wide,
And through the light the horsemen swiftly glide,
The Poet's eye can reach those golden halls,
And view the glory of their festivals:
Their ladies fair, that in the distance seem
Fit for the silv'ring of a seraph's dream;
Their rich brimmed goblets, that incessant run
Like the bright spots that move about the sun;
And, when upheld, the wine from each bright jar
Pours with the lustre of a falling star.
Yet further off, are dimly seen their bowers,
Of which, no mortal eye can reach the flowers;
And 'tis right just, for well Apollo knows
'Twould make the Poet quarrel with the rose.
All that's revealed from that far seat of blisses
Is the clear fountains' interchanging kisses,
As gracefully descending, light and thin,
Like silver streaks across a dolphin's fin,
When he upswimmeth from the coral caves,
And sports with half his tail above the waves.
These wonders strange he sees, and many more,
Whose head is pregnant with poetic lore.
Should he upon an evening ramble fare
With forehead to the soothing breezes bare,
Would he nought see but the dark, silent blue
With all its diamonds trembling through and through?
Or the coy moon, when in the waviness
Of whitest clouds she does her beauty dress,
And staidly paces higher up, and higher,
Like a sweet nun in holy-day attire?
Ah, yes! much more would start into his sight—
The revelries and mysteries of night:
And should I ever see them, I will tell you
Such tales as needs must with amazement spell you.
These are the living pleasures of the bard:
But richer far posterity's reward.
What does he murmur with his latest breath,
While his proud eye looks though the film of death?
"What though I leave this dull and earthly mould,
Yet shall my spirit lofty converse hold
With after times.—The patriot shall feel
My stern alarum, and unsheath his steel;
Or, in the senate thunder out my numbers
To startle princes from their easy slumbers.
The sage will mingle with each moral theme
My happy thoughts sententious; he will teem
With lofty periods when my verses fire him,
And then I'll stoop from heaven to inspire him.
Lays have I left of such a dear delight
That maids will sing them on their bridal night.
Gay villagers, upon a morn of May,
When they have tired their gentle limbs with play
And formed a snowy circle on the grass,
And placed in midst of all that lovely lass
Who chosen is their queen,—with her fine head
Crowned with flowers purple, white, and red:
For there the lily, and the musk-rose, sighing,
Are emblems true of hapless lovers dying:
Between her breasts, that never yet felt trouble,
A bunch of violets full blown, and double,
Serenely sleep:—she from a casket takes
A little book,—and then a joy awakes
About each youthful heart,—with stifled cries,
And rubbing of white hands, and sparkling eyes:
For she's to read a tale of hopes, and fears;
One that I fostered in my youthful years:
The pearls, that on each glist'ning circlet sleep,
Must ever and anon with silent creep,
Lured by the innocent dimples. To sweet rest
Shall the dear babe, upon its mother's breast,
Be lulled with songs of mine. Fair world, adieu!
Thy dales, and hills, are fading from my view:
Swiftly I mount, upon wide spreading pinions,
Far from the narrow bound of thy dominions.
Full joy I feel, while thus I cleave the air,
That my soft verse will charm thy daughters fair,
And warm thy sons!" Ah, my dear friend and brother,
Could I, at once, my mad ambition smother,
For tasting joys like these, sure I should be
Happier, and dearer to society.
At times, 'tis true, I've felt relief from pain
When some bright thought has darted through my brain:
Through all that day I've felt a greater pleasure
Than if I'd brought to light a hidden treasure.
As to my sonnets, though none else should heed them,
I feel delighted, still, that you should read them.
Of late, too, I have had much calm enjoyment,
Stretched on the grass at my best loved employment
Of scribbling lines for you. These things I thought
While, in my face, the freshest breeze I caught.
E'en now I'm pillowed on a bed of flowers
That crowns a lofty clift, which proudly towers
Above the ocean-waves, The stalks, and blades,
Chequer my tablet with their quivering shades.
On one side is a field of drooping oats,
Through which the poppies show their scarlet coats;
So pert and useless, that they bring to mind
The scarlet coats that pester human-kind.
And on the other side, outspread, is seen
Ocean's blue mantle streaked with purple, and green.
Now 'tis I see a canvassed ship, and now
Mark the bright silver curling round her prow.
I see the lark dowm-dropping to his nest,
And the broad winged sea-gull never at rest;
For when no more he spreads his feathers free,
His breast is dancing on the restless sea.
Now I direct my eyes into the west,
Which at this moment is in sunbeams drest:
Why westward turn? 'Twas but to say adieu!
'Twas but to kiss my hand, dear George, to you!whenever ur running out of time,
to complete your assignments,
you see no hope of getting on time,
but then u realize that there is someone,
who will surely help, no matter what time it is,
you always come to me for help,
and i may refuse but God u r so sure,
that i won't let you down,
i will help you out inspite of anything,
to make your assignment the best of all,
and there are conditions that i put you on,
to buy me the chocos and icecreams i want,
and you have no choice but to say yes,
but you know brother that i will always be there,
because you are special and i will always care.Who was aged five when I was born
My brother
Who hid my toys and broke my dolls
My brother
Who avoided his sister at school all day
My brother
Who tolerated my teenage years
My brother
Who as an adult became a friend
My brother
Who mellowed with each passing year
My brother
Who supported my desire to immigrate
My brother
Who was there when others weren't
My brother
Who buried our parents while I was gone
My brother
Who cherished every visit I made
My brother
Who had his ticket to visit me here
My brother
Who unexpectedly died this year
My brotherYou were still my brother
no matter what you did
or how you lived
and I loved you.
We were not as close
in latter years
as we were
when we were younger.
I wish you were here
so I could hold you
one last time
before you had to go.
The last time I saw you
you looked so very cold.
(Dedicated To The Memory Of my Brother
Who Died Last Year)
(2000)sirloin over an open flame
lost its flavor when I went broke
but this handful of coins insists
a hot bowl of soup
will get you where you need to beI am one of the least of your brothers.
I am neither your son or your lover.
I am just another.
I am just a face in the crowd.
Neither silent or loud.
I just need your love and support
People are my court.
They decide whether I should live or die
Or sit on the pavement and cry.
Give me faith give me hope
Because I cannot cope.
I have no distinctive features
I am no street preacher
Sometimes I am a wretched creature.
I have no money I am poor
Siting with my begging bowl on the floor.
Knocking on your door
For shelter on your floor!
I have no girlfriend I cannot score
No one cares for me anymore.
I stink but I try not to think
I try not to think
I try not to think that I wish I hadn't been born.
I have a yawn…..
Then I sleep on a park bench till dawn.In hte ghetto you'll never know when it's gonna be your time.
sitten here in the ghetto thinken about time we had,
gawd damn i miss my brother Janus Warbus.
How could it be somebody took my bro from me
my funny brother is gone and now o feel all alone
I really miss my brother Janus Eugene Warbus.
Even though he's gone away i know he's in a better place,
and i hope to see him some day.
I used to ahng my bro
even slang with my bro
gawd damn i miss my bro
it's so hard to see my brother in the dirt that's ten feet under.
His kids are so adoreable
they start to look like him each and mintue of there life's
it's so hard to see my brother riden in that black car,
man i miss my brother
Janus Eugene WarbusIf God could give us a new brother?
What type of broyher would he give us?
Would he be a very friendly brother?
If God could give us a new brother?
It would be nice to have a brother that listens to us
If God could give us a new brother?
Could he be our friend?
Could he share his feelings with us?
If God could give us a new brother?
Could he stop to put us down?
Could he show us his love?
If God could give us a new brother?
It would be impossible
Because there would had to be our mother and father
They would be the ones that could do it through God
Now it is history for us
Unless it is a friend that is humble
A friend that has some feelings and understanding
He could be our new brother
Brothers we can never change
Or get rid of
They are a part of us
Weather we like it or notO mother mine, Dau (Balram)forever teases me.
you never gave birth to me,
and I was bought in the market.
this is what he tells me
o mother mihne, Dau forever teases me.
fed up of his teasing ways,
I don't go out to play.
who is your mother?
and who is your father?
again and again he says.
Yasoda's fair, so also Nanda,
how come you're so dark?
Dau provokes, the gopas laugh,
and all have such a lark.
me, mother, you want to beat,
but Dau you never even scold,
seeing the anger on Mohan's face
Yasoda's joy was untold,
listen Kanha, Balbhadra is naughty,
wicked from his birth,
you're my son, and I your mother,
I swear by mother cows worth!Little brother, can’t you see
You follow me around like a bumble bee
Taking and using all my toys
You cry so much, its too much noise
Little sister, can’t you tell
You’re perfume has a very strange smell
Dancing and singing, then you weep
Stop coming in my room so I may sleep
But wait!  I love you two
Without your company there’s nothing to doMy Little Brother…You grew up so promisingly
I glad I had you as a brother as you will have my back
I’m so proud of you!
As you getting straight A’s in your classes
You told me that you wished you was me but
You shouldn’t! I want you to be yourself
Show this world how it should be run
I read your poetry with great pride
I wish you would see through my eyes
But don’t worry my words will speak it for me
I think you are a king in the making.
You read about our black leaders and always
Striving for knowledge just like me and the scholars
You are the lion of the family as you let our enemies
Hear you roar with your fists and your remarks
Brother don’t worry life will get easy for you
As your hard work will pay as a special girl
Will notice you from a distance and hunt you down
You have you as her king and you will have a queen
People will follow your greatness and your footsteps
You are destined for great things as God foresee this fate
As I am proud to say I am your big brother I can look at you
Become the world’s next big thing I lay back in my
Vault of poetry to write on until my heart stops beating
And have the future generation to found my poetry and say
“A genius wrote this” I love you bro. Live free and lead on!Wars have been and wars will be
Till the human race is run;
Battles red by land and sea,
Never peace beneath the sun.
I am old and little care;
I'll be cold, my lips be dumb:
Brother mine, beware, beware . . .
Evil looms the wrath to come.
Eastern skies are dark with strife,
Western lands are stark with fear;
Rumours of world-war are rife,
Armageddon draweth near.
If your carcase you would save,
Hear, oh hear, the dreadful drum!
Fly to forest, cower in cave . . .
Brother, heed the wrath to come!
Brother, you were born too late;
Human life is but a breath.
Men delve deep, where darkly wait
Sinister the seeds of death,
There's no moment to delay;
Sorrowing the stars are blind.
Little Brother, how I pray
You may sanctuary find.
Peoples of the world succumb . . .
Fly, poor fools, the WRATH TO COME!I've always wanted to play the part
of that puckish pubescent Filipino boy
in those John Wayne Pacific-War movies.
Pepe, Jose, or Juanito would be smiling,
bare-chested and eager to please
for most of the steamy jungle scenes.
I'd be the one who would cross
the Japanese lines and ask for tanks,
air support, or more men. I'd miraculously
make it back to the town where John Wayne
is holding his position against the enemy
with his Thompson machine-gun. As a reward,
he'd rub that big white hand on my head
and he'd promise to let me clean
his Tommy gun by the end of the night. But
then, a Betty Grable look-a-like love
interest would divert him by sobbing
into his shoulder, saying how awfully scared
she is about what the "Japs" would do
to her if she were captured. In one swift
motion, John Wayne would sweep her off
her feet to calm her fears inside his private quarters.
Because of my Hollywood ability
to be anywhere, I'd be under the bed
watching the woman roll down her stockings
as my American hero unbuckles his belt.
I'd feel the bottom of the bed bounce off my chest
as small-arms fire explodes outside the walls.
Submitted by Samuel Hamadathe sound of your poetry is just perfect,
in fact more than perfect, it has the tongue of the witch in mindanao
with the lenght covering the distance between the roof and the floor
and it knows well how to tickle
the numbness of nerves in my mind
it knows how to deal with words, it is bilingual, it is piercing
it creates the labyrinths of mystery
and marvel and wonder and amazement
it know where to start
from the very ordinary handle of a kettle
to the face of the laddle to the the tails and ways of those grinning cats
looking for love on the roof that night
it has a way of making the ash so significant
from ordinariness
to the metaphysical
from the usual hello to the
surprising goodbye
giving  life from the fire that i have long forgotten
it is perfect, more than perfect
i am amazed
there are more meanings that i can attach too
under my skin
and then i am lost
to be candid, after reading them, i have convinced myself
yes i like it
not the tongue, but the words shaped by the  tongue
but i cannot really remember what was said
i have not understood what you pointed out with your hand
forgive me
but i am going to the next page
the one that speaks about love to the heart
without so much sophistication
the one that simply says: i like you let us talk.On a special delayed morning
When I was still snoring
My mom was taken to the hospital
For she was a very pregnant lady
She returned home with a gift
A gift I still cherish
For she brought home for me, a brother
A cute and cuddly li’l baby you
Your baby steps trodden my mind
And each time you trip,
I made sure to catch you
Your blinking eyes were baby blue
Scribbled with many forget-me-nots
Your hugs were tempting
It comforted me
Your soft kisses
Were heavenly sent!
I stayed by you
In the days you grew
I gazed to see
What a man you’ll be
I walked like a shadow
Tracing your each step
I wanted to guide you
Through your wrongs and mistakes
I’ll miss this angel
In years to come
For you’ll be busy
With work to do
I write this poem here, right now
‘Coz this is my only way
To show how much I love you
To prove that I care!
(WRITTEN FOR A BROTHER I ALWAYS WISHED TO HAVE)She’s lying on the bed, comatose
No familiar faces around, she could stare
Ironic, there was a smell of calitos
Rising up breezily into the air
Somewhere, a patient has died
Of drug overdose
Superstition belief, is to bear
The curse’s door, is to close
Yesterday someone knocked her down
Whilst she was walking down the road
But no one could be found
As who to blame for the sin load
My brother, a sister and me
Watching helplessly
A mother’s love is about to cease
Taste of life will be bitter
God, help us please
You too have taken away our father
My brother, a sister and me
Will life be better?
Those we loved are no longer here
Eternal pains will be forever
My brother, a sister and me
Living in naive, poverty and fear
Thinking who will be
In the next tier,
Climbs to You
To be with our father
And…probably our mother
Too
08/01/2008
Re public of SingaporeFalling through memory's wide open window,
Hitherto kept tightly closed.
I'm flying away into chilhood experience
Where, brother and I were supposed
To be good, while parental strife, flaring
Brightly, would envelope us nightly,
As arms flung round each other
We struggled to sleep,
Despite shouting and fighting
Downstairs, we said pleading prayers
And, always tearful goodnights.
We often cried quietly
Into the darkness my brother and I.
Orphaned from love, we grew close
Together, and clung to each other
Over the ensuing years.
Losing my only beautiful brother
To cancer has emptied and drained
My  lonely heart, despite
Crying rivers of tears.
I reluctantly close that window again
But never will close on my brother, Den.I was here thinking about way back when
I guess maybe when I was seven or eight, or maybe ten.  Thinking about the time when we still lived back on the farm,
Recalling my thoughts of all the fun we always had in the barn.  We made tunnels in the loose hay from one end to the other,
Then in the bales was our hideaway, "for me and my brother"  There was a pig shed, chicken house, and cattle barn a metal top,
A smoke house, car shed, and holler where we went to shop.  But one of the things I seem to remember most of all,
Was that big old cottonwood in the pasture, it must have been a mile tall.  We could see it from the house looming out there above all the other trees,
With the top sticking way up there moving to and fro in the breezes.  If daddy was going out to work and not going to be gone all day,
Like, when he was going out to mend fence or to get a load of hay.  Daddy would us off by this tree so could play, "my brother and me",
He would tell us to stay close and play near this big old cottonwood tree.  The limbs were too huge for us to get a hold of and too far off the ground.
Its trunk looked so big, I bet it would take forty kids to reach 'round.  Then that fatal day during a tremendous rain and lighting storm,
Lightning struck so hard, bark and fire flew, the next day it was still warm.  This grand old tree had survived hundreds of lighting bolts before,
But after daddy had inspected it, he said "it just can't any more"!  The day came when daddies friends came with their axes, mauls, and wedges,
I recall the men stopping often with their axes to sharpen their edges.  Each time the ax would swing, a big hunk of the tree would fly from the tree,
When the men rested wo would pick up the chips, "my bother and me"!  Then down to business, one-man on each handle, no fooling around now,
They traded off one after another, non stop, back and forth, oh wow!  Along about ten mom arrived with some home made rolls, coffee, and iced tea.
At noon, back with chicken, bread, cole slaw, and salad of bean and pea.  Soon there was some creaking, cracking and groaning, daddy said "RUN!"
He pointed the way and began gathering sledges, wedges and said "its done."  Every body just stopped and waited, someone said "its gonna be a winner!"
Then every one took a deep breath and said "all together now"
T---III-NNN---BB-UURRRRR--!!!My brother has cancer
He’s four years older than me
He’s all that I have left
Of my original family
Medicine freaks him out
So in the hospital he goes
He’s also got dementia
How long he has, know one knows
So I’ve been thinkin’ quite a lot
About our childhood together
It was just he and I
And our dad and our mother
We played games constantly
Got in trouble when we’d fight
But that was a game as well
Our young world seemed so bright
Mom was sick a lot it seemed
I learned to cook quite young
I remember when my brother
Wouldn’t eat the gravy I spun
“I can’t eat this” he would say
“It’s got lots of lumps in there”
But now it makes me smile
So many memories we share.
But his mind is going quickly
I have to visit while it lasts
Chat about the happy times
Of our wonderful childhood past!My brother in law, AL
Is such a wonderful guy.
He doesn't walk on water...
But if he thought he could,
We would all watch him try!
A great brother and father...
And grandfather too!
There is nothing he would stop
For someone else to do!
He works like a team of horses...
Even when he is sick!
And when he takes time for himself,
We all worry about it!
'He's doing what? ? ?
NOTHING?
What's the matter with him? '
He is 'always' so positive.
Although my sister Mim says,
'Oh, no he's not.
He can give much attitude!
And that's why I love him a lot! '
She 'is' his better half!
They are a match.
That's why they remain attached!
My brother in law, AL...
Is a pal and a friend! I
I often ask him how he does it?
And he just laughs...
Or quietly grins!
He knows who he is.
And those who are blessed...
Have much respect and appreciate him!
But don't call him Alfred Lee...
Geeesshh!
A raised eyebrow to you he will send!
And even then...
He has a smile or a grin to show again.My brother
Is a part of my family
Because
My mother gave birth to us
Also
And
My brother
Belongs to my family
And he will always be
We all have the same fleshmy brother julian is weird,
but hes not one to be feared,
burgers and fries is all he eats,
loves video games
but he always cheats,
sleeps all night sleeps all day,
he goes to church but i never heard him  pray,
but his nose is special it could smell food a mile away,
he gets crazy and physco thats why i call him violent j,
he loves food like they aint no tommorow,
he eats so fast i sometimes wonder if he swallowed,
hes always first in line to order,
hes favorite food is the ultimate cheeseburger,
hes cool but mostly rude,
but show him your food and violent j will druel.
1/05/2008
Copyright ©2009  Jose MurguiaAfter I returned from the nursing home,
My Bumped head looked like a dome..
My Brother not giving me a moment of peace,
Started jumping around me like a tease,
How I wished I could beat him then!
But then I remembered my previous happenings again,
The moment I recovered fully,
My brother pinched me and called me a bully!
Suddenly, a plan struck my head!
'Will you play with me? ' to my brother I said
My Brother in reply said'Great! '
And was not a bit afraid!
As he didn't know what I was going to do with him,
He was completely unaware, as to me it seemed.
Then our Great Playing started,
My Brother always dodged me and darted,
Winning the game everytime,
Then I thought of doing my crime!
My plan was to hold him by his knee
And tickle him till he cried, you see,
But with my blasted luck!
I was the Sitting duck,
'cause soon my brother heart his nose
And I was full of remose
I never wanted gom to hurt that way,
But my mom didn't listen to what I had to say,
She thought that I was taking revenge,
And scolded me like a savage,
So you now see what kind of a boy my brother is,
So my request Is stay away from him please!My Brother is very bad
He always makes my mother sad
By complaining about me to her
And sometimes to my big fat sir
Never you would suspect him
of doing the smallest bad thing
But as his elder brother I know
How he will be when he grows!
Once He tore my science book
And gave me a wicked look
After I complained to my mother
My cute little brother,
Clasped my mom by her neck
And began to sob, which was(of course)   fake
'Come on, now look at his face
He can't do such a thing'she says
This was much a disgrace,
So I ran to hit his face,
But as I tried to beat him, I slipped,
And on the Ground Tripped,
Then Against the floor I bumped my head,
And Opened my eyes in the hospital bed!My brother
Is my son
He is my elder brother
And yet
He is
My smallest
Brother
Still!my brother's so sweet
in times of need he is there
my brother's so responsible
he taught me a lot of things
my brother's so funny
we even teared from laughing
my brother's so fierce
don't mess with him when his angry
my brother fell inlove
and he's very very happy
my brother made up his mind
and had a nice sweet family
my brother is away
i'm sad when i think of it
but my brother's heart is good
and i know he will never forget me.a big brother
is a guy i love to be around
he is a very close friend i found
a big brother
is a guy who always seems
to care and is always there
a big brother
is a guy that i can look up to
because he always knows what to do
a big brother
is a guy i want to see
he will always understand me
that guy i talk about
is not my big brother
he is just a brother
i wish i hadMy brother
My brother is my keeper
My brother is my best friend
My brother is my pain
My brother is my hero
To take life
To have life
My brother did both
He is the source of all evil
The good in every evil
He lay down at let life fly
When he arise he wants to die
To take life to a new heights
My brother is my keeper
My brother is my best friend
My brother is my pain
My brother is my hero
He does things that hurt me so bad
That I wish he would die
He punishes me for the simplest thing
That’s when I turn mean
He tells on me to mother
When I do nothing at all
My brother is my keeper
My brother is my best friend
My brother is my pain
My brother is my hero
He is my best friend
My friend that would do anything for me
From taking a life
To giving CPR
Stand next to me from thick and thin
Until the end of our time
My brother is my keeper
My brother is my best friend
My brother is my pain
My brother is my hero
He is my keeper
My keeper that feeds me
That helps me make decisions
He is were my home is
He will take a bullet, or knife
To throat
He is my and all ways will be my keeper
My brother Lamont
My brother is my keeper
My brother is my best friend
My brother is my pain
My brother is my heroMy Brother is so annoying
My Brother is so sad
My Brother drives me crazy
it makes me wanna go mad.
My Brother makes my father constantly yell
My Brother makes my mother cry
My Brother makes me wanna go die, sometimes...
My Brother is crazy
My Brother is nuts
Sometimes I want to grab him and choke him til' he goes nuts
Someday I won't have my brother
and I wish that day will never come
because surely without him
I will nor be the sameMy Brother is ther one who helps me up when i have fallen.
My brother is the one who is always saying no he cant be your boyfriend.
My brother is the one who sticks up for me.
My brother is the first one to fight for me.
My brother the one I love with all my heart.
My brother the strong one.
my brother is my everthing
Thank you brotherThe moment you were born
We were all happy to see you
You were precious gift to us from God
My mother held you in her arms
You were charming and we named you Deva
We hugged you a sign of affection and love
We hugged you a sign of little loving baby
You were growing up as special person
We took so much care about you
But your death brought us a great shock
I asked God why did my brother have to die
Our tears of sadness still roll over our eyes
And sad for our mother who believes you are still alive
I know when nature calls one has to leave this world
On that day I will meet you in the same world where you are
But till then my tears will not stop for you.......
My ever loving brother Deva.My favorite brother is really helpful and even funny. He's really great at  making friends, better than me ill say. My brother is always there for me and hes almost never annoying. My brother loves me and I love him too. Because he's my favorite brother, because he's my only brother.
Dedicated to my favorite brother
RegiMy little brother is full of joy
One of the few things in life that I enjoy
He always loves to go to the park
But he’s still afraid of the dark
My little brother knows I go to school
But for this he thinks I’m cool
He always loves to smile
To see this smile, would be worthwhile.
My little brother has a big heart
My little brother is pure art.Sticky fingers and a chocolate face
Broken toys and a broken vase
Cars and trucks here and there
Boats and crayons everywhere
Bats and balls strewn in the yard
Sweaty face from playing hard
Broken bones and bloody knees
Stings from ants and wasps and bees
Feet stomping on the floor
Fingerprints on the sliding door
A painful cry and a whimpering whine
A mischevious smile that seems to shine
Face being licked by the dog
Rolling around in the mud like a hog
Housing reptiles of all shapes and sizes
Always full of odd surprises
Tracking mud from shoes and clothes
Yet another bloody nose
Sneaking cookies from the cookie jar
Face streaked black with mud and tar
Ketchup stains on your new shirt
Brand new shoes covered with dirt
Sometimes you can be quite a bother
But I love you anyways because you're my little brother
Rebekah J (age 12)  © May 2008I sometimes get angry at my mother,
For giving birth to such a naughty brother!
He'll never be my kind of lover,
Mostly because he scribbled on my favourite magazine cover.
'He is such a brat. I'll never love him! ' I say,
My mother replies, 'You never know, one day you may.'
In front of my parents he'll act very sweet,
They call him, 'Our Little Parakeet'.
Behind their back, he makes faces at me,
And if I shout, he'll start crying so my mom can see!
I'm really tired of him hanging around,
More so, I'm tired of hearing his stupid sound.
I've got to put up a board in the backyard without telling my mother,
It says in red ink, 'Adopt a brother'!My sister and brother grew up without their dad
though they wouldn't admit it, I knew it made them sad
Our mom always did the best that she could
for she knew he was out of their lives for good
It was his choice to stay out of their lives
it was the love of his children himself he did deprive
Now they are older and off on their own
His rejection of them he could never atone
out stepdad has been a better father then, their dad could ever be
Our stepdad has been our constant our solid oak tree
written by: Denise Girod 1-18-05My sweet brother…! ! !
I am blessed with a sweet little brother,
And I am thankful to god that he didn’t give me someone other,
We went to the same school,
And had our food in the same dining room,
Books had been his greatest enemies,
But he had to study because there was no other remedy,
Red marks were prominent in his result,
But still he never took them as an insult,
He believed in being playful,
And this was the only thing which he considered to be useful…! !
But now he is a grown up guy,
Who doesn’t like toys and is not shy,
He is the one with whom I can share,
And he listens to me and never ever stares,
He cannot see a tear in my eye,
And this makes me feel not to give up and to try forever,
He has now become very responsible,
And I know if he gets the support he is very capable,
He is self obsessed with his looks,
And convinces us either by hook or by crook…! !
I am gonna get married in a while,
And I know he has already decided about the style,
As he is there I am not worried about my mom,
Because I know his care and love will make her strong,
I am sorry for my mistakes,
But I love you to the core and this is one thing which no one can
take…! !
Love you bhai….thanks for supporting me….! !Oh, brother, my brother
Don't weep;
Though dark clouds
hid the day
and dark clay
filled the roofs;
it will come to pass- soon!
God will see you through.He left Ireland in nineteen fifty two
Our brother John the man I barely knew
He was the eldest of the family
And the Homeland he was never more to see.
In life our brother John he journeyed far
He lived through peace time and he lived through war
In Korea with the Air Force of the U.S.A.
Far distant from the fields of Claraghatlea.
One of my sisters Mary wrote to me
She said our brother died with dignity
In death as in his life he showed his bravery
And at least now of his sufferings he's free.
Our brother John left two sons and a wife
And he worked hard all of his working life
Only in his sixties he seemed young to die
He was my hero when I was a boy.
From Millstreet thousands of sea miles away
Our brother John in a distant graveyard lay
And though I'd not seen him for more than thirty years
The news of his passing reduced me to tears.
He was the quiet man never spoke too loud
And of our brother John we felt so proud
In his death from his sufferings he found his release
And may he rest forevermore in peace.Behold! three sister-wonders, in whom met,
Distinct and chast, the splendrous counterfeit
Of Juno, Venus and the warlike Maid,
Each in their three divinities array'd;
The majesty and state of Heav'ns great Queen,
And when she treats the gods, her noble meen;
The sweet victorious beauties and desires
O' th' sea-born princess, empresse too of fires;
The sacred arts and glorious lawrels torn
From the fair brow o' th' goddesse father-born;
All these were quarter'd in each snowy coat,
With canton'd honours of their own, to boot.
Paris, by fate new-wak'd from his dead cell,
Is charg'd to give his doom impossible.
He views in each the brav'ry of all Ide;
Whilst one, as once three, doth his soul divide.
Then sighs so equally they're glorious all:
WHAT PITY THE WHOLE WORLD IS BUT ONE BALL!a gentle breeze blows ocean side
the easter lilies usher in the spring
and there you are with your guitar
won*t you play a song for me
cat sang about a peace train and
john imagined the world living
together in harmony but oh how now
world peace seems a far gone thing
there are so many questions
unanswered so it seems to me
while i remember days gone by
when we sang songs of love and peacea small naked boy - holding a hose
blond hair smooth
mine was always fizzy
a curly-headed girl running,
running, face white as linen
'Mummy, David's stuck in the drain! '
mucking around - down the river
on Christmas holidays in the boat
pinching apples from Wagner's orchard
always too slow - running away
from mum, armed with a gumboot
God, she could be fierce!
dangerous folly - towing me in the A30
on your Harley Davidson
with only two meters of rope
so creative, lighting my shows
sliding the dimmers, never fazed
when things went wrong - ever
teasing me - first dinner with Roddy
my creme caramel like
'pieces of broken tile'
Christmases at Manningtree Road
where all the crockery matched
and the grand piano needed tuning
passionate dog lover
thumping Nicholas
tenderly when he was very old
the spare bed you made up
for Jerry and me to share
when I left Bellbird Lane
sitting beside my hospital bed
when I had pneumonia
holding my hand - every day
my dear and only brother
sensuous and compassionate
lover of beauty, I offer you
these lines with sisterly affectionFollow the ravens who gather
in the weeping willows.
Silent and starving
near the bank. Dusk curls at
your feet. You watch the busy
hands of trees
pointing toward the river, divided
by an island. A dead ash stands
like a bone knife
Plunged into its chest. Black
swans swimming in it's stomach.
You whisper a prayer for the dying.
River bleeds over stone, smoothes
away rough edges. While the
moon perches on edge of some
unseen horizon.  You wonder if
stars seek a sense of place. Step
over things as not to invade shadows.
You are certain they know the river
is bleeding. Know that you are the
one story that began out of place.You are the best I have, my brother nice!
I know so well you suffer too like me;
Your heart is honest, broadminded, and wise;
I pray God must bless you quite soon surely.
You have a mind well-read, of course and sane;
I know that life has been to you unkind!
You are a boon, the elder son not bane;
Do continue your good work, I remind.
You are the one in whom I can confide;
Ever ready to help others always;
Don’t worry much, be brave; in God abide;
They are so nigh, your lucky, happy days.
So far, you have done well in life, don’t brood;
Be undeterred and never spoil your mood!
3-6-2001by Dr John Celes
dedicated to my most belov’d, elder brother
Er. A. Joebert Selvan B.E., M.E., Chennai, T.N., INDIAMy brother's in a wheelchair
and he can't jump or run
but I can throw a ball to him
to catch and we have fun.
He can't do a lot of things
that other kids can do.
He needs help getting dressed
and he can't tie his shoes.
Mommy told me it's called 'special'
when a child is born that way.
I said I could have told her that...
My brother's special every day.I figured I should call you
Before I started drinking again.
Because you don’t answer,
I started without you
Since last night I had a vision
In which the planes were falling,
Again, a kind of religious silver rain.
And you became the lucky number
That slipped from the pant’s pocket
Of my childhood while incest was
Dug up behind the tomato vines
And all the flesh and bones bathed
In the hot south Florida sunlight
As the trailer with the holes in the
Floor was locked tightly before they
Began the raid on the immigrant workers.
They are advertising human sacrifice
On the billboards down Military Trail,
As people pass on from high-school
Forgetting such detritus as their locker
Numbers and first loves,
The way the shadows pooled under
The overgrown hollies in the early morning
Beside the bus-stop as the mist rose up
And the lions roared down the street.
And driving with ex-relatives barking
At the side of my face only to recede into
The hills where the snow is quickly melting,
The world turns old and further away
From the life gained from the sun
From which the old god walks away,
Leaving his destroyed garden to his bastards sons
Who perpetuate themselves through
Our sick games played out between the
Battlefields of eyes upon which even
The fly experiences strangulation on the
Dying eyelid of Cain’s unfortunate brother.None lives for ever, brother, and
nothing lasts for long. Keep that in
mind and rejoice.
Our life is not the one old burden,
our path is not the one long
journey.
One sole poet has not to sing one
aged song.
The flower fades and dies; but he
who wears the flower has not to
mourn for it for ever.
Brother, keep that in mind and
rejoice.
There must come a full pause to
weave perfection into music.
Life droops toward its sunset to be
drowned in the golden shadows.
Love must be called from its play
to drink sorrow and be borne to the
heaven of tears.
Brother, keep that in min and
rejoice.
We hasten to gather our flowers lest
they are plundered by the passing
winds.
It quickens our blood and brightens
our eyes to snatch kisses that would
vanish if we delayed.
Our life is eager, our desires are keen,
for time tolls the bell of parting.
Brother, keep that in mind and
rejoice.
There is not time for us to clasp a
thing and crush it and fling it away to
the dust.
The hours trip rapidly away, hiding
their dreams in their skirts.
Our life is short; it yields but a
few days for love.
Were it for work and drudgery it
would be endlessly long.
Brother, keep that in mind and
rejoice.
Beauty is sweet to us, because she
dances to the same fleeting tune with
our lives.
Knowledge is precious to us, because
we shall never have time to
complete it.
All is done and finished in the eternal
Heaven.
But earth's flowers of illusion are
kept eternally fresh by death.
Brother, keep that in mind and
rejoice.He stands at a Roundabout,
A white placard of black letters
And with a strap around his neck
It exhibits an advertisement of a new pay loan Center.
The poor chap's dance is very attractive
And I approached him pussyfoot.
I called him; 'Brother, for three things I came to you,
Firstly, you resemble my deceased loving brother once the bread-winner of our poor family.
Secondly, I am very inquisitive about the loan.
Thirdly, I am jobless and seeking a position to survive.
But I cannot dance like you and I am not belong to your soil; a different planet
Where I have come from?
So my dance would be typical and I am scared even to my oblique shadow.
Just imagine dear, when somebody is in hunger what about his dance? '
* my humble dedication to the poetess Dove AllenAnd we shall not leave
This country we shall build
Because it is ours
Throughout the golden hours
Here we belong
For quite long
Our great forefather
Was buried here
And though in poverty
We must stay
As we enjoy what we have
Under the sun we love
The coolness of the moon
We all swoon and don
We shall be proud as a tree
We enjoy our liberty
We shall live we shall die
There is no reason to cryI.
If teares could wash the ill away,
A pearle for each wet bead I'd pay;
But as dew'd corne the fuller growes,
So water'd eyes but swell our woes.
II.
One drop another cals, which still
(Griefe adding fuell) doth distill;
Too fruitfull of her selfe is anguish,
We need no cherishing to languish.
III.
Coward fate degen'rate man
Like little children uses, when
He whips us first, untill we weepe,
Then, 'cause we still a weeping keepe.
IV.
Then from thy firme selfe never swerve;
Teares fat the griefe that they should sterve;
Iron decrees of destinie
Are ner'e wipe't out with a wet eye.
V.
But this way you may gaine the field,
Oppose but sorrow, and 'twill yield;
One gallant thorough-made resolve
Doth starry influence dissolve.Life of my life, take not so soon thy flight,
But stay the time till we have bade good-night.
Thou hast both wind and tide with thee; thy way
As soon dispatch'd is by the night as day.
Let us not then so rudely henceforth go
Till we have wept, kiss'd, sigh'd, shook hands, or so.
There's pain in parting, and a kind of hell
When once true lovers take their last farewell.
What? shall we two our endless leaves take here
Without a sad look, or a solemn tear?
He knows not love that hath not this truth proved,
Love is most loth to leave the thing beloved.
Pay we our vows and go; yet when we part,
Then, even then, I will bequeath my heart
Into thy loving hands; for I'll keep none
To warm my breast, when thou, my pulse, art gone,
No, here I'll last, and walk, a harmless shade,
About this urn, wherein thy dust is laid,
To guard it so, as nothing here shall be
Heavy, to hurt those sacred seeds of thee.to my baby brother on the anniversary of your birth,
to my little brother your make my world spin, my earth,
20th june 07-
As school drew to a close i ran to get to you,
On the way to the hospital, the moment becoming true,
arrival around 4pm and found mum in the room,
she looked like she was all drugged up no element of gloom,
I had to leave for home about 5 o'clock, didnt want to go,
I was so excited to be told the information written below;
Thomas
8lb 1oz
52cm
Healthy boy
7: 35pm - 20/06/2007
little did i know he would now become the most precious thing in my life,
that he would nag, moan, groan and whine at me until he had his own wife,
T is for Terrific
H is for Huggable
O is for rOund xx
M is for Mine!
A is for Awwwwwww....
S is for Something unique
That something unique is a brother/sister bond,
When i say a word his laughter responds,
He brings an extra meaning into my busy world,
But somehow theres always time for him my boy, my brother, my whole entire world! ! xMany the wonders I this day have seen:
The sun, when first he kissed away the tears
That filled the eyes of Morn;—the laurelled peers
Who from the feathery gold of evening lean;—
The ocean with its vastness, its blue green,
Its ships, its rocks, its caves, its hopes, its fears,
Its voice mysterious, which whoso hears
Must think on what will be, and what has been.
E'en now, dear George, while this for you I write,
Cynthia is from her silken curtains peeping
So scantly, that it seems her bridal night,
And she her half-discovered revels keeping.
But what, without the social thought of thee,
Would be the wonders of the sky and sea?Brother, today I sit on the brick bench of the house,
where you make a bottomless emptiness.
I remember we used to play at this hour, and mama
caressed us: "But, sons..."
Now I go hide
as before, from all evening
lectures, and I trust you not to give me away.
Through the parlor, the vestibule, the corridors.
Later, you hide, and I do not give you away.
I remember we made ourselves cry,
brother, from so much laughing.
Miguel, you went into hiding
one night in August, toward dawn,
but, instead of chuckling, you were sad.
And the twin heart of those dead evenings
grew annoyed at not finding you. And now
a shadow falls on my soul.
Listen, brother, don't be late
coming out. All right? Mama might worry.Give me your hand, my brother, search my face;
Look in these eyes lest I should think of shame;
For we have made an end of all things base.
We are returning by the road we came.
Your lot is with the ghosts of soldiers dead,
And I am in the field where men must fight.
But in the gloom I see your laurell’d head
And through your victory I shall win the light.People wish to be settled. Only as long as they are unsettled is there any hope for them.
-- Thoreau
My life has been
the instrument
for a mouth
I have never seen,
breathing wind
which comes
from I know not
where,
arranging and changing
my moods,
so as to make
an opening
for his voice.
Or hers.
Muse, White Goddess
mother with invisible
milk,
androgynous god
in whose grip
I struggle,
turning this way and that,
believing that I chart
my life,
my loves,
when in fact
it is she, he,
who charts them--
all for the sake
of some
as yet unwritten poem.
Twisting in the wind,
twisting like a pirate
dangling in a cage
from a high seawall,
the wind whips
through my bones
making an instrument,
my back a xylophone,
my sex a triangle
chiming,
my lips stretched tight
as drumskins,
I no longer care
who is playing me,
but fear
makes the hairs
stand up
on the backs
of my hands
when I think
that she may stop.
And yet I long
for peace
as fervently as you do--
the sweet connubial bliss
that admits no
turbulence,
the settled life
that defeats poetry,
the hearth before which
children play--
not poets' children,
ragtag, neurotic, demon-ridden,
but the apple-cheeked children
of the bourgeoisie.
My daughter dreams
of peace
as I do:
marriage, proper house,
proper husband,
nourishing dreamless
sex,
love like a hot toddy,
or an apple pie.
But the muse
has other plans
for me
and you.
Puppet mistress,
dangling us
on this dark proscenium,
pulling our strings,
blowing us
toward Cornwall,
toward Venice, toward Delphi,
toward some lurching
counterpane,
a tent upheld
by one throbbing
blood-drenched pole--
her pen, her pencil,
the monolith
we worship,
underneath
the gleaming moon.The first time, we met; you treated me,
Like a sibling, like a brother.
It was friendship; it was love at first sight;
In a very short time, you became my faithful mentor,
The good shepherd despite your prestigious might.
You do not discriminate against anybody;
You are the man that I yearn to emulate:
The consummate professional, the prelate,
Who fights the right battle, and who, eventually,
Won justice for your sanity and for others.
When we worked together, you were not perfect,
However, I could rely in you and trusted your ways;
You had a way of dealing with the imperfect
World, you had a way to warn me of the dangers.
A man can love another man for his good character,
For good morale, and unblemished behaviors.
Even now, you are still a brother, not an actor;
You remain frank and truthful with me all the time.
My brother, you were the perfect employer,
You stood by me in good time and in bad time.
When things got tough with the impostors,
I stood by you, because I knew that you were innocent;
Because I knew that you had strong work ethics
.
God has a way of protecting people, who are decent;
Family men like you and me,
Quality men like you and me.
Even though that we look very different
From each other;
You will forever
Remain my beloved brother.
I thank you for your understanding,
You are my star; I thank you for everything.
Copyright © February 2009 Hebert Logerie, All rights reserved
Hebert Logerie is the author of two poetry books: “Sparkles of Love” and “Etincelles de l’Amour”
Hébert Logerie is the author of “Mounts And Valleys of Love”
https: //www2.xlibris.com/bookstore/bookdisplay.aspx? bookid=58359
PLEASE ORDER AT ORDERS@XLIBRIS.COM OR CALL 1-866-957-5010!What is a brother?
Someone who is there
when you are hurting
He picks you up
and dusts you off again
What is a brother?
Someone who sees you are without a smile
And he gives you one of his
and gives you a hug too
just especially for you
What is a brother?
Someone who stands by your side
and holds your hand
when things don’t go well
He helps you understand
What is a brother?
A cherished friend for life
a brother by blood
A cousin or friend
But always by loveI remember that dreadful morning,
Waking to the beast,
Time had stopped, the news reckless
A beautiful boy amazing but deceased
I heard my heart shatter  and my soul screamed a cry
The couler the detail I remember like yesterday
But I just wished I’d I said a final goodbye,
Ruthless pain i hide so deep inside,
I wish I could take you just once
With me for a ride,
Because I don’t remember if I even held you,
And now I cant even call you, or even hear your voice,
But I need to tell you i still love you
And yes I know I need to let go, but I know I cant just let you go
I need to hold you in my arms, in my life
Just one more time
Because my heart is broken from not saying good bye
Im sorry I never said goodbye or held you the day you died
WHY OH WHY
Did I not say good bye
But my love is here with the tears
I miss you my brother dear,
I love youLACON.  For a kiss or two, confess,
What doth cause this pensiveness,
Thou most lovely neat-herdess?
Why so lonely on the hill?
Why thy pipe by thee so still,
That erewhile was heard so shrill?
Tell me, do thy kine now fail
To fulfil the milking-pail?
Say, what is't that thou dost ail?
THYR.  None of these; but out, alas!
A mischance is come to pass,
And I'll tell thee what it was:
See, mine eyes are weeping ripe.
LACON.  Tell, and I'll lay down my pipe.
THYR.  I have lost my lovely steer,
That to me was far more dear
Than these kine which I milk here;
Broad of forehead, large of eye,
Party-colour'd like a pye,
Smooth in each limb as a die;
Clear of hoof, and clear of horn,
Sharply pointed as a thorn;
With a neck by yoke unworn,
From the which hung down by strings,
Balls of cowslips, daisy rings,
Interplaced with ribbonings;
Faultless every way for shape;
Not a straw could him escape,
Ever gamesome as an ape,
But yet harmless as a sheep.
Pardon, Lacon, if I weep;
Tears will spring where woes are deep.
Now, ai me!  ai me!  Last night
Came a mad dog, and did bite,
Ay, and kill'd my dear delight.
LACON  Alack, for grief!
THYR.  But I'll be brief.
Hence I must, for time doth call
Me, and my sad playmates all,
To his evening funeral.
Live long, Lacon; so adieu!
LACON Mournful maid, farewell to you;
Earth afford ye flowers to strew!Flote after flote (of Poseidon’s nefarious tridents)
Clash upon the shores of my Mother’s land (The Huntress)
Flouncing waywardly (this tide of wroth)
These waves of contention
My mind’s own eye ambulates in countermand
Back, back, back
To my beginnings
Pindar recollects but a late version (his tale a pasquinade at best)
Of my genesis, an’ those they call The Cyreneans
Marry, ‘twere my mother Cyrene they fettered
An’ retinues of Battus (of whom which Pindar extols)
They led a colony unto Libya’s shores
Naming the port-city for mine own Mother
An, the port itself for mine own ostensible father
Port of Apollonia (neath mislaid solar-grins)
Colony from whence Thera, came they
An’ claim lineage by me, Aristaeus; in 691 B.C.
Thus Battus is hailed as first king in Cyrene’s dynasty………
……..dry thine eyes precious Mother, I shall deliver thee from their prison tower…………………I swear it to be so
I was not always this love-child (forced unto Apollo’s reign)
So written in by the sycophant-scribes it the court of King Battus
Those who dare write rhetoric
As though it were rhapsody
Those who would contrive baleful quatrains
Coupled with disingenuous metre
Written with quills plucked so irreverently from a trepidatious caged ibis
Dipped in ink they hent from a harried cuttlefish
(At Cape Sepias the throes felt they………..poor Daughters of Tethys)
No, once I wert not besmirched so heinously
Un-thwarted  by the contrivances of such o’erween minions
Who so befouled my name with pernicious lies
Long ere the breaching by Pindar’s words
Magnesia wast verily lovelorn with my Mother…………Cyrene
Cyrene led The Centaurs in these dauntless epochs
The trident of Poseidon had not yet stabbed our unsullied shores
My dearest Mother was the omniscient Muse Queen of The Centaurs
The Equine Goddess of Magnesia (the beauteous mare)
We of Magnesia were enamoured by the beat of Her thundering hooves
Bringeth truth to Thessaly, She surely did
Her Naiads sang upon our beaches
Tides of prettily clad virtues washed ashore
Cyrene loved Ares in these times;
For he had not yet sensed his penchant for war
He had penchants only for love and quietude
Ares lyre had yet to be indentured for ‘s spear (blessed be Dione)
As I recline here now
Neath this tree of myrtle;
I recall still, the ambrosial melodies of the Myrtle Nymphs (such solace abounds)
They, the singers to me, in mine own crib
Nary a care had I then; my heart yet not heavy
Well-a-day! …………..Those times be now gone
For those souls of our consanguinity
Took the Myrtle-boughs
To colony of Thera; while-ere methinks
En route to Apollonia (Lady Libya bound now in ’s gyves)
Hesiod the folly claims me a ‘pastoral Apollo’
As of late
Oh! How I do abhor such titular claims;
A cult-title of Cean Zeus (it can be not so)
As Ceos Isle burns neath the Dog Star?
Or Arcadian Zeus? (ne’er can it be)
Forgive me Hera (for I be not such a hector upon thy lands)
Drown me in a Fosse if it be so!
Yet, there are a few who claim me as a child of Hermes-Thoth
This………….yes this, remembers I
In Boeotia I answered to the name Ram-Bearer;
In age of The Ram (ah!  I hear it………The Mill churns!)
Tis ‘r fish………swimming sagaciously in the pool of Sophia
I was he; son of Metis………..Mercurial Child
He who floats in Her waves of profundity
What gifts She doth beteem ‘pon me!
………At such apace, fee grief besets my conscience;
For once I was  Finn Mac Cool in Hyperborean Eire (salmon flesh didst I eat)
‘Twere I, Thoth, who loved Ma’at at Hermopolis (in creation, city of 8)
Forsooth, ’twere I, upon Ceos Isle; they propitiated me in Dog Days unfair
At Cyrene City the sheep begird me
As do those fish from the Cyrenic Sea (waters of my Mother dear)
The Ram  I carry…..(What of Ares? ………his lyre torn asunder)
I serve ‘r Lady; The Greater Sun of Sirius realm
Copious truth be innate in Dog Days fair; Thoth recalls it (Thoth so reclaims it for Her)
Virgil, in later ages, will write georgics;
Attesting to my days as skep-keeper of divine bees
Yet, it skills not to he
Of where or what or whom my bees were bred of;
From carcasses of cattle?
Nary be it so; My bees, they cometh not of cattle
For they didst swarm an’ rattle…but….
From whence the Lion’s life………….undone in battle
My Mother, dear Cyrene the fair
So grants him death-in-life
He is the Sacred King….. She snares
Who feels the Bee Muse, thrust ’r knife
Cyrene, Lioness…Sun Goddess
Oblates Her harvest Lion King
Sun rising in Leo star of August
It is time to feel Her sting
For ‘tis I, Aristaeus, who keeps the bees
Kept in trust for my Mother……Cyrene;
Oh! Cyrene
Goddess of The Bees
Lady Lioness
Great Naiad Nymph Queen
Voluptuous Mare of Wisdom
An’ Lady of the Sea
As Her valiant wheel turns
The Lion King lay down
The Great Pan dost return
As the Dog Star ambles round
The Keeper of The Bees
Is keeper of the truth
Mercurial Child so sees
The Cycle; from branch to root………….lion to goat to serpent (an annual journey done)
I am the child who serves Her
I am Thoth of Lady Ma’at (Dog Days seer on Nile of Solar Isis)
I am Hermes, messenger of Metis (curse the Olympians)
I am Finn Mac Cool in the Salmon Pool;
At the Hazel Tree ‘tis where I see
With the Cretan Craft, olives I graft
(Sweet whispers of the Oleaster Grove)
I eat from Pomegranate Trees of Nemesis
I stand in Hera’s own Garden of Hesperides
Rhiannon sustains me, of Apples in Avalon Orchards (Tir na Nog…land of the young)
(as Branwen’s swims cyclically o’er The Island waters…Her footprints still adorn the sand)
As does Eve…………………. in Eden’s Garden
Sweet figs from The Serpent; Red an’ Black, Back an’ Red
Truth of the Red Planets
Black from Eurynome’s primordial void
Alack! The hearts of The Centaurs discandy as I speak;
They may disbranch the Fruit Trees of the erudite
They may put chase ‘gainst The Great Mare, pushing Her back to The Sea
(venery un-folds…….hearts now un-done I say)
They may purloin ‘r Ladyship’s honey-sweet hives
…………..but Her truth lives on, Her universe lives on (look only to the macrocosm my children) , and by’r blood……………aye………...Her children live on
………………..repent fellow Centaurs………….do repent I beg
For I am Aristaeus……..betrayed by his own people; The Centaurs
Forsaken, an’ given o’er to Poseidon
Along with my Mother, dear Cyrene
Hither and thither, the ire-minded sea-god swims to the war march
He, who leads us down many a road in shackles
His tractable scribes re-write an’ expurgate our epics
Yet, we despair not, lest we forget this………….
There is only one tale
There is  only one road………….which leads to the varied natured paths of The Source
My friends, my sisters, my brothers
Go to where the road ends
Seek the paths amidst The Trees
This be where truth doth abound
Melancholy betook my heart
As the Age of Pisces dawned
Until The Fates came in form unto me
In subtle tones, to me spake they;
“ Hearken thy Mother child
Hearken thy Mother child
Hearken thy Mother child”
In distant memory I soon can hear words uttered in modernity’s tongues, Cyrene doth quo’;
“ Remember my son, ‘tis we of energy Mercurial
We fly far enough from our Sun, Theia, not to be scorched
Yet close enough to harness Her power
We fly in close enough to Venus, Tethys, not to be clouded in emotion
Yet close enough to harness Her love
Earth is next in line my son
An’ with powerful light of The Sun behind us
An’ comely love of Venus in the front of us
We will fly forward……………
…………….and thus change the world
An’ Mars, Dione, will hold up Her shield to reflect all the lost Love and Light back to Earth;
………..Red to Red
Black to Black
Blood to Blood
Will bring Love back”
Humble bee my bumble bees
I am Aristaeus………………………..Son of Cyrene
Steve TrimmerEach side of the wire, people
At the people gawk.
Mutual senseless digesting!
Afar, a bored squawk.
Manure's smell goes hand in hand
With what air of fear
O'erpowers, stops the hooved crowd
From getting too near.I'm Over slim'd to the marrow, as I compose.
Do I even enjoy to perceive sound?
Scraggy screams wheedling melodia
Qualms to skeletal village women
New scrawny life in ruins presented
A gaunt village woman giving birth
The only civic hospital closed
My lowly hamlet bizarrely on the breadline
Impecunious hospital Closed down for no water
Water so crude a creation free to honor
Free work of Godly wisdom man get hold of
From the gradient of the prickly hills
My village in cataclysmic need
My village a globule high-priced to cost
A piteous unripe maim woman in labor
The mid-wives gather, a baby is being born
A life on the agenda, more problems stockpile
Advice it to cudgel, to persevere onto the womb
The ambiance in there so fine, my own experience
The womb able-bodied, hundred times the orb
A world in my village, awfully callous for green life
Unsympathetic, dull-witted for a life being born.
Raucously it screams in angst
An indication of a healthy landing
Generation increased, village Father's working hard
Village hygiene so poor, myself a village boy
Boy so malnutrition-ed, moreover slim and weak to obese
Obese I adore, how quick round and corpulent to be
It's not my wish, Over slim'd I am to the marrow
Food a vision a dream, a fantasy, an illusion, a miss
Quenching in drops, stagnant is the village water
Rain collected earth water, too green to quench wild
Green for sewage dirt, illiterates don't believe in latrine
Bush excretion is habitual, custom aver nucleus rostrum
Rain water bath the ground, exposing illiterate's secrets.
Culture so strict, awaken boy between bamboozled ago
Rain gathers green dirt at traditional collection
Dirt has avenue, in village ignored by representatives
A boorish man on the wing with links in high place
My village forgotten since ancestor's migrating fatigue
Enervating made ancestor inhabit birthing my problems
As usual we quench the hot sun, a drink enticing sickness
A new life has come to the village
Babe-in-arms is a girl, men are down in the dumps
The father of it so wide a smile
A sure warning sign of a well groomed dowry
A son like me is too expensive to educate
A girl is just to marry and enrich
To feed and to quench is for husband
It's not my aspiration, bona fide expression attested.
Bloodsucking vampire too harsh round the clock
Malaria sickness a routine, no cure for no hospital
Medicine left to herbalists cocktail concoction
Too bitter for anyone to gulp down on hungry abdomen
Scrawny screams prolong in harmony materializing melodia
I the village boy troubled for change, ignorance oodles
The representative too informed yet ignorance is twin
Girls round orb empowered to equal village boys on education
Village Men still tightening their belts, working to find dowry
Grand Mothers still sharpen blunt knifes to carry mutilation
Boys now leaving classroom for hunting and animal rustle
Police killing with bullets as youthful bodies role in dust
Unapologetic the commander is, attitude of the representative
Over and done long enough, do I abhor to be a boy in this village?Silo straw piles
Working there two guys,
A young lad
And an old chap,
To make some straw feed
For the cattle of their lord.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 5 January,2018At meadow the cow
Baa, baa, baa all day long sings
At evening returns.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │8 January,2018Farmer is sitting beside the garden
Breaking the fence a cow goes in,
The cow damages flower
Farmer tries to be singer,
Suddenly farmer does see and harken.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │13 January,2018I need to get out of here
As fast as I can,
And surround myself with the personifications
Of nature in the tallest of forests
Innocent of patriarchal gravity,
Or mothering worries and caveats:
For, if I followed the tresses and the bounding
Play of my hounds, I might find an open meadow,
Like a theatre or green mouth,
And lay back inside that sloping throat, as
The clouds passed like insouciant thoughts
Where there were no ghosts bigger than my hand,
Where truth ambled with happy lovers perpetually
Unjaded by the higher catastrophes of people
Bound by obligations and savage business habits.The sun is for light
Light at whole arcady
The whole periphery
At day flees the dark,
The farmers work in the fields
In union
No fight, hatred, envy, enmity
They are friends, neighbors
Sisters, brothers;
At night moon shines
No dark,
At dark night
Flush the lightning bugs
Whole countryside laughs,
In the bush foxes bark
Chase them the dogs;
The night breaks
By crowing of the cocks.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │22January,2018In cowshed farm
All day goes charm,
Early in the morning they get up
After breakfast
All are out of shed
Some tend
Some care
Some feed
Some milk
Some process milk
Some go to sell
Some go to count money;
In cowshed farm
All day goes charm,
After separately taking lunch
And after a short rest
Works again they star
Till evening they stay in field
The red sun having set
All the charms enter the shed.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 5 January,2018My cattle are grazing
Sometimes they are bleating,
Goats and sheep are baaing
Cows, oxen, buffalos are chewing,
I myself am mowing
We all are doing.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │8 January,2018in summer twilight
cattle run to shed with dust
tired cowboy with stickGoats are in the shed
Cows are near hedge,
Calves are loudly baaing
Sheep are bleating,
Farmer's daughter fails
To concentrate on cooking,
Farmer returns from land
No food he does get.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │9 January,2018Her body is a melting pot
On the silken sheet
with pillow beneath
trying hard to hold spinning head
temperature falling
heartbeat rising
body heat ignites the fumes
smell of love
in the air and everywhere
my wishes spiral bind the body and mind
hairs like desert of vast eternity
with dunes of desires
silken arms making waves and
despair was meager to obliterate
yearning to slurp those juicy lips
yet he dare not to ignite mutual flames.These carefree spirits,
thrive on the weak minds
Who falls prey to superstition,
they believe in.
Ah, these poor chaps,
they know not,
That these so called saints,
will suck their blood,
And will take them to task,
by creating smoke screens,
And will make life miserable,
making return uphill task,
And till the time they live,
will serve as unpaid slaves,
Do not follow them blindly,
Into a tunnel which has no lights.The surroundings are
Air, water, beings, things,
Gathering together
They form our expected nature,
It is empowered
To produce the necessary
For all the beings
And arranging all the things,
It is wonderful,
Suitable, vast and grand
Enough to contain all
That everything to be available,
Also rough and hard
So to know it is quite tough,
Needed contemplation
More and more meditation,
It is obviously
Has been a great source
Of the knowledge
We learn in school and college,
But the messages all
Of nature are clearly written
On lots of unseen pages
Are seen only by the real wises,
It is also more
To pen a wide window
For thinking about creatures,
God and the entire universe,
The nature is actually
Has been a great teacher
To teach us manners,
Orders, aims with features,
The best is that
Desire something for life
For lessons from nature
To develop life more and more,
Take a leave
Sometimes for life mainly
To make a tour
Through the significant nature.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 10/4/2016Although she was not found nor aware
We executed the sage bucolic love,
Stripping balances off reflections
Becoming (for)her streams of immanency;
We executed the sage bucolic love.
This is how I lost the room,
The more one itself was acute,
The room where we fell out of love;
We executed the sage bucolic love.
The only true love story;
If not lost, told...Long live the freedom newly found
Far below has been left the ground,
Drinking the elixir of liberalization,
Have we forgotten all human sensations?
Live and let others live, motto we had
Our prosperity we often used,
For not so lucky as ordained
By culture & sacraments we had gained.
Liberated now is our greed for wealth,
No one is left to repose the faith,
In moral values like selflessness,
Really oh God, we are in a mess.
It's time wake up for liberalization
From grred to keep-up our traditions.
Poet: Ratnakar D.MandlikBeware oh teachers and also professors
You both must have to always remember
That by saction xx of our constitution
We have made knowledge's nationalization.
We are storing it now in bank Reserve
We warn you dears that you will deserve
A penalty for govt orders' contempt
In 3 days your knowledge you 've to deposit.
In the metropolitan knowledge godown
And with it you will give an affidavit
That you will accept death as penal action
If from syllabi your teaching deviates.Beware of artists sons of imagery
Here we appoint a team of juries.
To judge your art in a new balance
With nationalization as it's fence.
So beware oh artists, bear in mind
Produce art pieces with specialization,
Not insulting the laws of the nation.
The ideals for art pieces you have to find
With the consent of high power commtt,
Which will contain specialized people,
Who will be defamed sons of brutality
Who can destroy you with a browbit only.In every walk of life politician is present,
Politics, they say has become omnipresent.
Espoused with the motto of the betterment
Of deprieved classes-their life, s improvement.
Deceit has been made synonym of politics
By the mushroomimg growth of opportunists.
To the deception they  nicknamed governance
Ditching worthy they  came into prominance.
Master craftsmen they are of coining slogans,
Alluring they may be but full of deception.
When they voice demand of womens reservations,
From inflation they divert every one's attention.
Campaign they launch about India Shining.
Using motley media just for the fooling
Of the common man, their targeted victim,
For which they may go to any extreme.
Remove poverty slogan, they coined once
Steps were then taken not to give any chance
to pull on life, to the poor, with contentment.
Hidden agenda was from life his externment.
Politics is last resort of goons, some one said,
How right he was our politicins have proved.I accosted, unexpected for ears
To have a tea speak to hear
But well verily, happened it so
When and where? E’en I didn’t know
“Hello Mr. Tea, I speak to thee,
If thou will tell me about now,
Of about, thy suffering by me
If any, and also how? ”
“Curse you. O’curse you man
You boil my brother leaf in water
Till hot it becomes red some ten
And then he drowns in splitter-splatter”
These were first, what spoke Mr. Tea
In utmost adversity, not in gay
His eyes, full of red, intact me
And so did he continue anyway
“And then ye, spill o’er some milk
Some sugar to refine, add up to taste
Then, my melted brother, falling like silk
Comes o’er my arms, like hoary waste
You men, nothing are but murderers
Of sons of thousand, maybe more
Of millions, some scores brothers
And being devil, upon I do swore
Thy morning, freshens up by me
Evening loads, I do relieve, free
Without e’en in exchange, from thee
For kindness expect from you are we
But to no avail, still the sips
With generosity, and of simplicity
E’en when burnt, often we thy lips
When hot but alas! We flow down thee
Think of, O’do just for a one
Leave rest behind, for time some
If left are we, for thy are none
What of you, devil-man, is to become?
Dare you again, if take me in
After such a long dialogue
Dare you do still, this sin
Loyal be thee I think, for men a dog
And if you…” (Gulp Gulp)
Enough at last bear can’t this more
Took it in, in mine, (Gulp Gulp Gulp)
“Curse ye, Mr. Tea! For thy tale is so heartily bore”
Swear I won’t try e’er to talk
To things which are made to not
For they do speak, like women, a lot
And before accosting them, I’ll give a second thought….You were fined a large amount for stopping
in front of the office, I commiserated with
your bad luck - that made you angry, oh
well, the worst of the allergy is over, the
pain in my head ever so much less
The momentary hurt of your callous reaction
to my words did not leave a dent, we shall get
along famously as long as I remember not to
offer the unwanted gift of my presence, seek
joie de vivre on my own
Finish reading Agatha Christie, watching Big
Bang Theory on TV, safely ensconced in my
own mind, lifting off from reality rejecting my
presence - I talk to the wind and the stars
when opening my mouth
My black humour remarks came true when my
colleagues got up and left when I arrived, proof
my absurd burlesque was founded in truth, the
realisation did not soothe - but now I'm all-right
after one mega coffee
I got through the day, as soon as my mind is
strong again I can fly away…Ralpho scratched his balding head,
Turned to address Hudibras and said,
Clear, tho, as you make it be,
It's impossible for me to see.
Understanding the ways of learned men,
Acting on behalf of kit and kin,
To kill one half mankind is best, *
Just to philosophize the rest.
(From Hudibras in America, pp 117, Hudibras in the Burlesque Tradition)
So say you, 'It was in early days,
A group of men found in their wandering way(s)
Wild areas far from civilization,
Where only the Redskins provided competition.
To a lush river valley with fertile soil,
With gentle climate in which to toil,
They came and so did settle,
Far from where other White Men might meddle.
This seemed to be God's offer to them alone,
A fine place to bring womanfolk and make a home.
The Injuns were persuaded to move Westward,
By force of arms and pestilence; peace was marred.
Having established themselves there -
'Sage descendants we shall see,
Shine forth in the next century,
Proving their wishes to inherit
That discontented factious spirit.' (Hudibras in the Burlesque Tradition, Joseph Peart,  pp109)
Perhaps these events would have gone unwritten,
In man's history had not another clan been so smitten,
By the other side of the river and there established ties,
To th' land to raise their own growing families.'
'Ah, Ralpho, lest you forget,
The story isn't finished yet.
These men of great Rakishness,
Had yet to meet their equal in the West.
'They were Religious it is true,
And maintained harsh discipline upon their crew.
Such they do build their faith upon,
Holy text and pike and gun.'
(Hudibras, S. Butler, Part I, Canto I, Line 195)
Let my muse continue, altho unworth,
Lacing History as did Sam Butler's notary.
These two factions of Adam's side,
Were not too long in peace abide.
In circumstances for man to thrive,
Freedoms taken; both far and wide.
Cows, swine and other animal kind,
Were give free range to what they find.
With a sharp knife knotches were given,
To pig's ears a marke so riven.
With ownership in doubt, upon one's hogs disappearance,
T'was suspected, other cuts were made to change marks ‘pearance.
But I get ahead of my story,
Lest I leave out that which is most gory.
First, while peace did exist,
A wariness then did persist.
Second, disputes were for the most part settled,
Not without testing each sides metal.
'And, like a maggot in a sore,
Would that which gave it life, devour.'
(Hudibras, S. Butler, Part II, Canto II, Line 557)
The conflict attracted Government's attention.
Laws of men, were tried as intervention.
They scoffed at the way of this Mad Hatter,
Since it t'was a 'family' matter.
Fine words were spoken by both side(s) .
As arbitrators attempted bridging gaps, wide.
Putting a face on the 'feud' by offering to negotiate,
No wonder neither side was willing to participate.
'Tush! Quoth Mac-..., Never flinch
From principles, nor spurn, no winch:
Ne'er talk of laws ‘gainst nature's right;
You know far better things, Good Knight: '
(Scottish - Hudibas in the Burlesque Tradition, pp84. William Meston)
Regardless, as money flowed and life was improving,
Hands freely moved through communities at their choosing.
There existed an uneasy truce,
Except when lubricated with 'corn' juice.
T'was not unusual to partake, outside of Lent,
Of festive occasions and merriment.
Such it is, of a lad and lass, written,
That he and she were smitten.
To the woods they did go,
And nine months later, Nature did bestow.
A love child unwanted by either side,
Suggesting that each had something to hide.
A manchild of the other side, the misses Pater did pursue,
And members of that household he did slew.
Blood was spilled of man and wife,
As powders cheap and so is life.
Some say a sow was the reason,
For pursuit of evil in this season.
Women folk have many names,
Cow, sow, hen and chick or simply dames.
Maybe money was short as were the tempers,
But with these two tribes, it was grudges semper.
‘Haps it was menfolk had more free time,
Or maybe, just rutting season sublime.
Whatever, the boastful leader of one group,
Did encroach upon the shrine of the other troop.
The result, an immediate call to arms,
'God, family and revenge', were the charms.
Across the river; house and crops ashes became,
As marauding bands; property and livestock they did claim.
Of course to provide the proper lubrication,
More corn drippings were partaken.
Homes were at risk when foolishly set,
In frontier areas where first the violence met.
The folk therein were soon to pay the price,
For the arrogance of their leaders advice.
Killing became a lustful affair,
Women and children were caught in the snare.
Uncounted among the many lost,
Was the reason for this holocaust.
As it were, one side had better,
Guns and powder.
Destroying all the other's dreams,
And wiped out everything.
Being no match in an open fight,
The other side evened the score by raids at night.
Some of which were suicidal;
Killing others as if t'were cattle.
Each claimed high moral and religious grounds.
The land was theirs!  The did expound.
As the warring continued and escalated,
Each offered to stop the violence, if once abated.
Judging if the other cooperated,
Was their 'right' and so they stated.
Until the other side, did as required,
The right to attack, kill and maim was desired.
Striking at leaders is a flaw,
Of some unwritten chivalrous law.
Far easier to inflict punishment,
On innocents that can't escape the battle's torment.
Tie one hand behind your back side,
And swallow your losses and your pride.
Came the offer of peace from the bloated leader,
Who would never accept such terms if other side did tender.
A Court of Authority did speak,
Of terms about which they both might tweak.
But peace was not the objective of these men,
Who's goals were to shame the other and  to win.
Offers from one side was seen,
As a weakness of mein.
Each arrogant leader was determined,
To claim the valley for their own Kindred.
To eliminate the other side, and cut the roots of the family tree,
Was the only cause to which they could agree.
So more death and destruction was the fate,
Of hapless members of both clans as peace they did await.'
Ralpho interrupted and said, 'But wait, Sir Knight how does it end,
Are Adam's children to always fight to defend,
Their holy places, homes and family.
Or is there an answer to this malady.'
Hudibras answered, 'Most pious One, you seek an answer,
Be aware, the solution was obtained without rancor.
As dismal as this all sounds,
Peace did come to these hallowed grounds.
To this sacred place where so many died,
And bigoted leaders, to their people lied,
The answer was so easily posted,
That man may wonder how it went unnoticed.
Why did law and order return?
The people did for peace so yearn.
For an  answer, obvious and simple,
As the face on which there is a pimple.
In the World without; prosperity spread and offered treasures,
The two tribes were not immune from these life's pleasures.
Prosperity like the tide raising a boat,
Upon the economy did each community float.
People on both sides found,
Themselves to be more financially sound.
Between assets or to fight, they had to choose.
Which? They were willing to lose.
While the leaders remained,
At odds with each other and yet no victory claimed,
The settlers saw that the only way,
they could live in peace was to the laws obey.
Deny the leaders their guns and knives,
Which had wracked so much havoc on their lives.
Remove them from leadership anointed,
To which they had themselves appointed.
One posturing leader was seen to be,
Seeking war for his own grandification and not victory.
He retired to his large landed estate,
Where he lived as a King awaiting God's fate.
The other side's, 'leader', a  snaggle-tooth wonder,
Who only wanted riches and plunder,
Was not their leader by their call,
And retired to his young wife, child and all.
So you see Ralpho, fables as L'Estrange did spin,
Often do come to a good end.
Such it was with the Hatfield and McCoy feud,
Two misplaced leaders who became unglued.'
If the 'leaders' looked beyond their world of sand
They would find that peace can be known to middle-eastern man.
These bitter men and women, living in the past,
Stretch out misery and seek only for it to last.
Making peace is never easy and to the letter,
But compromise and it's a damn sight better.French class – 3 colouring pencils &
pens, a sharpener, headphones on
with Carmen & Contes d’Hoffmann
playing, took pencil notes, right ear
tuned to music with the left to hear
L’ Professeur; I managed thus to
contain a problem of wavering
attention, of losing track
Enjoyed Future Proche, then a lesson
on preparing a public speech which I
never want to do again – unless telling
jokes and laughter in burlesque; life
at work is as bizarre as burlesque –
and I love it, even if the merino-sheep
syndrome makes it near impossible to
translate hydro-agricultural texts
Fighting against construction terms in
the trenches of childhood memories of
boring sheep and shock on discovering
erosion – then carrying the guilt until
I was grown…Dear beautiful lady
the poor devil very humbly thanks you
for your two melons and prays for you
to content yourself with his small thanks.
He would like to send you some wonder
because wonder he names Melons.
But in a man of his kind from whom
nothing comes out and nothing comes in
he goes nuts for wonderful melons.
If only your beautiful eyes
his house would light would be very well.
So just please truth be told from little thanks.
And if that is insufficient pierce me at an angle
with a sharp dart and may my heart be skewered
on the spot.
May I love you with all my soul.
Do not doubt ebony bait nor my eyes
spearing your melons.AULD chuckie Reekie's 1 sair distrest,
Down droops her ance weel burnish'd crest,
Nae joy her bonie buskit nest
Can yield ava,
Her darling bird that she lo'es best—
Willie's awa!
O Willie was a witty wight,
And had o' things an unco' sleight,
Auld Reekie aye he keepit tight,
And trig an' braw:
But now they'll busk her like a fright,—
Willie's awa!
The stiffest o' them a' he bow'd,
The bauldest o' them a' he cow'd;
They durst nae mair than he allow'd,
That was a law:
We've lost a birkie weel worth gowd;
Willie's awa!
Now gawkies, tawpies, gowks and fools,
Frae colleges and boarding schools,
May sprout like simmer puddock-stools
In glen or shaw;
He wha could brush them down to mools—
Willie's awa!
The brethren o' the Commerce-chaumer
May mourn their loss wi' doolfu' clamour;
He was a dictionar and grammar
Among them a';
I fear they'll now mak mony a stammer;
Willie's awa!
Nae mair we see his levee door
Philosophers and poets pour,
And toothy critics by the score,
In bloody raw!
The adjutant o' a' the core—
Willie's awa!
Now worthy Gregory's Latin face,
Tytler's and Greenfield's modest grace;
Mackenzie, Stewart, such a brace
As Rome ne'er saw;
They a' maun meet some ither place,
Willie's awa!
Poor Burns ev'n Scotch Drink canna quicken,
He cheeps like some bewilder'd chicken
Scar'd frae it's minnie and the cleckin,
By hoodie-craw;
Grieg's gien his heart an unco kickin,
Willie's awa!
Now ev'ry sour-mou'd girnin blellum,
And Calvin's folk, are fit to fell him;
Ilk self-conceited critic skellum
His quill may draw;
He wha could brawlie ward their bellum—
Willie's awa!
Up wimpling stately Tweed I've sped,
And Eden scenes on crystal Jed,
And Ettrick banks, now roaring red,
While tempests blaw;
But every joy and pleasure's fled,
Willie's awa!
May I be Slander's common speech;
A text for Infamy to preach;
And lastly, streekit out to bleach
In winter snaw;
When I forget thee, Willie Creech,
Tho' far awa!
May never wicked Fortune touzle him!
May never wicked men bamboozle him!
Until a pow as auld's Methusalem
He canty claw!
Then to the blessed new Jerusalem,
Fleet wing awa!Where wast thou, wittol Ward, when hapless fate
From these weak arms mine aged grannam tore?
These pious arms essay’d too late
To drive the dismal phantom from the door.
Could not thy healing drop, illustrious quack,
Could not thy salutary pill prolong her days,
For whom so oft to Marybone, alack!
Thy sorrels dragg’d thee, through the worst of ways?
Oil-dropping Twickenham did not then detain
Thy steps, though tended by the Cambrian maids;
Nor the sweet environs of Drury Lane;
Nor dusty Pimlico’s embowering shades;
Nor Whitehall, by the river’s bank,
Beset with rowers dank;
Nor where the Exchange pours forth its tawny sons;
Nor where, to mix with offal, soil, and blood,
Steep Snowhill rolls the sable flood;
Nor where the Mint’s contamined kennel runs:
Ill doth it now beseem,
That thou should’st doze and dream,
When Death in mortal armour came,
And struck with ruthless dart the gentle dame.
Her liberal hand and sympathising breast
The brute creation kindly bless’d;
Where’er she trod, grimalkin purr’d around,
The squeaking pigs her bounty own’d;
Nor to the waddling duck or gabbling goose
Did she glad sustenance refuse;
The strutting cock she daily fed,
And turkey with his snout so red;
Of chickens careful as the pious hen,
Nor did she overlook the tom-tit or the wren,
While red-breast hopp’d before her in the hall,
As if she common mother were of all.
For my distracted mind,
What comfort can I find;
O best of grannams! thou art dead and gone,
And I am left behind to weep and moan,
To sing thy dirge in sad and funeral lay,
Oh! woe is me! alack! and well a-day!Oh peaches store ample beauty aids
Thus, for a long your charm you can guard.
Beware oh glamour aided by beauty aids
We are nationalizing them within short period.
Monopoly then will be with the government
Officials will decide the cream for you best.
Lip sticks will be kept then in State Banks
Talcs will be found with treasury's trade mark.
You have to apply then for every beauty aid
Straight to the justices with tiny bench.
The quota of your cloths will be sanctioned
On recommendations of anti beauty branch.Burlesque they did detest.
So they stood outside the club to protest.
They were surprised when their pastor came out with a smile.
They couldn't believe that this was his style.
He told them that he was there to save the dancers' souls.
His story smelled more like dead fish than a rose.Burlesque
~
Sequins shimmer in the lights
While music builds a sensual rhythm
The move and sway of the dance
As the ladies begin to hypnotize
A celebration of the female form
In all of its beauty the eyes are held
Watching intent as the show unfolds
The smile and the look upon the stage
How the dancers enjoy their play
The little sway of the hips
As they turn and twist the audience
The strut in their stride tells
This is after all their night
One to which they knew belonged
To the evocative and sensual
To all that is beautifuli can't think of anything
More boring, stupifying and soul deadening
Than wasting one's time
Watching hardcore pornography
But Burlesque
Done tastefully
With good acessories
That gets down to the nitty
But not all the way
To the gritty
Can be entertaining
While still leaving something
For the imagination
Maybe I'm old-fashioned
But I still think that's important.Of the modern versifications of
ancient legendary tales. - An impromptu.
The tender infant, meek and mild,
Fell down upon the stone:
The nurse took p the squealing child,
But still the child squeal'd on.Sweet Insect! that on two small wings doth fly,
And, flying, carry on those wings yourself;
Methinks I see you, looking from your eye,
As tho' you thought the world a wicked elf.
Offspring of summer! brimstone is thy foe;
And when it kills ye, soon you lose your breath:
They rob your honey; but don't let you go,
Thou harmless victim of ambitious death!
How sweet is honey! coming from the Bee;
Sweeter than sugar, in the lump or not:
And, as we get this honey all from thee,
Child of the hive! thou shalt not be forgot.
So when I catch, I'll take thee home with me,
And thou shall be my friend, oh! Bee! Bee! Bee!Recitative.
Mourn, mourn, ye muses in the doleful'st strains,
And with your tears spoil all the roads - and soak the neighb'ring plains!
Let the piercing cries
Ascend the skies!
Or, if this monstrous height
You deem too high a flight,
For human noise
To rise,
In strains a little lower,
Your lamentations pour!
Let them, at least, extend
To Knowle, or Orton end
Or if you think it meet,
To Shirley-street;
Howe'er might I advise,
Tune all your throats
To
louder
notes;
Each roaring voice
The other sun -
Louder! louder! louder!
Just like the noise
Of a great gun,
When charg'd with shot and powder.
Air.
I shall esteem you
Wretched trumpery
And surely deem you
A paltry company
Of poor faint-hearted toads,
And that your grief you sham;
Unless you retch
To the full stretch,
Till every sound
Floats in the air
Both far and near,
Around,
Or, through the roads
Flies swift to Coleshill, or to Birmingham.
Recitative.
Your tears you will not
grutch
,
Nor think your trouble much,
Soon as you know
'Tis for a Crow
That all this fuss is to be made;
Alas we might as well be dumb.
For ah! 'tis plain,
As a cow's thumb,
That all our grief
Will be in vain!
No time can bring relief -
For oh!
My poor dear Crow
Is dead for ever - ever - ever dead!
What - dead for ever?
Oh yes for ever!
Will he no more return?
Oh never - never!
Perhaps he may
Oh no - no - no!
Oh fatal blow
That snatch'd my Crow
Away!
Ah me! that I should live to see this day!
Mourn all ye crows - ye rooks ye ravens mourn!
For, ah, he's gone - and never will return!
Air.
His wondrous worth no tongue can tell -
No words his beauty can express -
He looked so grave and walk'd so well,
Cloth'd in his sable saint dress.
Proudly along the streets he stalk'd,
Yet view'd he not the poor with scorn;
But with familiar sweetness talk'd,
Though they were not like him
high-born
.
Fatal intemper'rance never stain'd
His bosom, nor destroy'd his health;
Wretched ambition he disdain'd;
Sweet innocence his only wealth.
On equal wing he, tow'ring, soar'd
Above the glories of a crown;
Upon the miser's sordid hoard
He look'd with indignation down.
Recitative.
His mind took no unworthy bent,
No grovelling thoughts his birth disgrac'd;
For all is friends, with no consent,
Pronounced the crow a crow of taste.
Air.
To Malvern oft he took his flight,
At once to charm his eye and ear;
And oft, with manifest delight,
Stood fix'd in admiration there.
Once in his road he deign'd to call
At Weston's room, though short his stay,
The moment
he
began to bawl,
Surprised and shock'd, he flew away.
Yet never did my Crow neglect,
In virtues quarrel to engage:
Strong was his passion to correct
The manners of the rising age.
The dogs, the pigs, the ducks, the geese,
Paid due obedience to his laws:
For these, and many more than these,
Have felt and fear'd his beak and claws.
In their demeanour if he spied
Ought that his judgement disapprov'd,
He straight his utmost efforts tried,
Nor stop'd till he the fault removed.
Too much of goodness did he show,
Too much concern for others feel;
Alas! he fell - (unhappy Crow!)
A victim to his noble zeal!
Recitative.
A pretty duckling once he chanc'd to meet,
Waddling most horridly along the street,
The hobbling pace disturbed his gen'rous breast -
(With sorrow, and with shame, I tell the rest)
His efforts to reform the duckling's gait, -
To make him turn his toes out, and walk straight
(Too rashly zealous in the fatal strife)
Deprived the wretched creature of its Life.
For this the poor dear Crow was doomed to death.
A wicked gun bereav'd him of his breath;
My stomach rises at the fact - 'ad rot him!
I wish the gun was his guts that shot him!
Gen'rous creature, thou'rt at rest,
Free from sorrow - free from pain!
Wretched I,
full sore
distrest,
Ne'er shall see thy like again!
Noble fellow, fare thee well!
Fare thee well, my much lov'd Crow!
Late posterity shall tell
All
thy
worth - and praise
my
woe!Love is grand in the beginning…
When he’s modest, humble and meek;
Knight like he courts his fair lady,
Boogies her ‘round town—cheek to cheek.
Protocol is customary…
When he’s delighted, with her charm;
Opening doors, seating her first,
Escorting her—arm over arm.
Marriage is unavoidable…
When he’s proposing—she’s willing;
Commitment changes the outcome
If two wear a—gold wedding ring.
Well…true love ditched her down the road—
When she took over his sports car;
His blushing bride was singled out
As soon as, she said the word…“Our! ”Fluttering with a broken wing
or diving with a voice that ring,
like a mad little flying thing
a plover bombards me,
before again it is rising
trying to make me flee
and I am astounded by it
drawing me away bit by bit
or in anger catching a fit
as I near the small nest,
falling down as if it is hit;
to be leaving seems best.Burns Stanza about Painting in my Sexaholic Shopaholic Workaholic Series
-Gayathri B. Seetharam
Wikipedia says that a Burns Stanza has to have the rhyme scheme AAABAB with tetrameter A lines and dimeter B lines (meter is a unit of rhythm in poetry, a pattern of the beats. Meter is also called a foot and each foot has a certain number of syllables in it) .
As an artist who is a Sexaholic, I have made a fabric painting of a Khajuraho temple sculpture
I love sex but am not an addict and I must confess that painting the male organ and the breasts of the symbolic me was very erotic
While the black colour on the grey cloth formed a nice outline, the amethyst and green colours formed a lovely contrast
As a Shopaholic, I have used my paint brush to make many buys of painting materials
And made a haven that an atheist would crave, all subjects objectified but not a painting of God, the Almighty
As a Workaholic, I do not spare my own blushes when I say I have made many beautiful paintings.What's good, know not. What's bad, as well,
know not. But lo, my heart does swell
with love, O' Lord and eyes do well
when hear your name.
And why my lips always drivel
Your tales and fame?
I try no logic Lord. No doubt
as well I entertain about
Your greatness, since my brain isn't stout
and faith, just blind.
These songs I sing and pleas I shout
are undefined.
Wisdom is no wisdom; they say,
unless it lays a floral way
to reach, at last, your sacred quay.
But what's wisdom?
Know not I; but belongs my clay
to Your kingdom.(Message - Burns Stanza)
Before the wind it has earned speed,
Anything anywhere can be happened,
What you or others cannot find,
It is message
Early in the morning has spread,
Now, tell me, thanks.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │20 March,2018(The Tied Two Hands - Burns Stanza)
The tied two hands cannot do what
Openly, silently wants mind;
Mind is soft, awfully oppressed;
The hands are strong
But under the iron shackled
Attempts are vain.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │20 March,2018Busta Sonetto about the sensual aspects of my personality in my Sexaholic Shopaholic Workaholic series
-Gayathri B. Seetharam
A Busta Sonetto has 2 quintets and a quatrain (Poets Garrett) .
As a Sexaholic, it saddens me that it is illegal to pay or solicit money for good old fashioned sex
Going back in time, I employed a male escort for $350 in Summer 2013
For in the style of my talk during my graduate school days in chem/biochem/biomed eng. or as in Jackie Collins books
Paid sex forces your partner, Ladies, into a definite outcome for you
But me darling, my husband, it was and is always good and at times, fantastic sex;
As a Shopaholic, three summers ago, I picked up 10 Trojan condoms
Along with replacements for artificial flowers for the tall vase in our foyer
And other knick knacks and bric-a-brac
Alas! I did not use any of these condoms for after that, it has not been sex in the Deep Sea
But only in the general vicinity;
As a Workaholic, I, on International Women's Day 2018, submitted an e-Bill
To the Canadian Parliament for approval
And my request was the inclusion of heterosexual men's pornographic material in NOW magazine which is discriminatory towards feminist women
My reasoning being that on picturing the male organ or sexual intercourse between heterosexuals, one can during the act of masturbation, reach a complete orgasm as a full blooded woman.How lonely is the night, without a companion
She shares her life with the day, now asleep
Yet whilst she sleeps, he opens half a world
And during her vigil has been unable to peep,
Covered with a blanket, and a different opinion.
With the first sign of day you hear welcome calls
And all forms of life burst forth with joyous sound
That night has done her best to see unfurled.
So some politics would claim the same around
That only day should grace their hallowed walls.
I wonder how long they would last without a night
And the pleasure that a short hibernation creates;
Lying in bed asleep sharing your time as mates
A comfortable partner, sharing beliefs and rights?
by: Teagan De DanaanAs butterflies with beauty grace the air,
so love cannot be lazy in its love;
true love brings lovely energies to bear;
love's actions grace the true contemplative.
devoted action is the path we tread
when stirred at first by love of love's first  cause;
to purge our souls of that we wish us rid;
such tasks may grace our caterpillar days.
humility - which is to know pure self,
seen clearly as the light of bad and good -
brings contemplation's share in godly wealth;
those shining works which are love's neighbourhood;
then we God's goodness, truth and beauty share;
as butterflies with beauty grace the air.In elegant dress
Blue-Winged butterfly poses
Jeweled in Saphire Lace
Dorothy Alves Holmes
A Poet Who Loves...The darned life crawls through the smooth & silky roads
But rival thorns; And he feels the fragrance of a distant Gypsy flower
But his patchy lungs won't keep enough breath for the tiresome journey.
*To my first kind critic of the site
poetess Amanda. Lukas........................It’s a butterfly day.
...............Not yet what color can I say.
.................The rain has just subsided.
...............The rainbow no longer abides.
.......................Yet its colors are
...........................spilling still
....................on the window sill
..................from flower to flower.
.......I found some algae in my aqua today
and didn’t know whether to be happy or sad.
............Then alit on it some butterflies.
.............Later came some dragonflies
..................depositing their secrets
.........-they caught me holding my breath -
...................momentarily we all met
.....................as if only passing by
................searching over the waters
..................for reflections of the skyTell me what's happening to me?
Why is my heart beating so fervently?
why has this madness, like a wave,
Broken through the rock of habit?
Is it my strength or just my torment
I'm too disturbed to tell:
From the shimmering lines of life
I extract a forgotten phrase...
Is it a thief who turns his lantern
Upon the crowd of dreary letters?
I can't help reading the phrase,
But haven't the strength to go back...
It really had to flare up,
But it only harries the darkness;
All night, like a gas-flame butterfly
It trembles, but cannot escape...I.
Wonder winged luminous in my eyes.
Elegance sheer I perceive and prize
On a flower who plays the sun of skies.
What psyche fair in colours does rise
In flight of swerve and curve amid ease?
It my eyes trail wherever to please
Me to relish harmony it frees
Through me as my heart awes in its choice.
My heart sings of its hush to rejoice
On its coaxing wings of love as its voice
Drenched in rhythm to flutter with grace,
Sends its charm my ardour does embrace.
Seeming emitted from its wings' base,
Are bubbles leaping for bliss my eyes face.
II.
Bliss viewed from its pride glowing in flight.
What muse fuelled it to fill the air with light?
Air groomed as spanking breeze to incite
Scenery refreshed with humour bright
Like the ocean of tune in my thought,
Alp's summit in my spirit it wrought,
Joy in its ripened bloom I have sought.
Gladness indispensable is found,
As the place whole revolving around
Me glistens with colours bright abound.
How the colours blaze as bright as gold,
My survey of such is turning bold.
Of my being it inclines to mold,
Description is arduous to be told.
III.
Influences me its aplomb calm,
To rise from seat to be nigh its charm.
Magnetised I extend my right arm
To induce it to float in my palm.
Tenderness on my palm it does stream,
Of experience this touch is a dream.
Filled is my soul with the summer's gleam,
Delectation my soul such will own.
Splendid grandeur in its beam is shown.
Spring of roses in my heart is grown.
Lavishing me with boon stark like the sun
In its giving of joy firm to run.
What enthusiasm star-like in one,
Who has fetched at its very best, fun.My butterfly is no longer mine,
I wonder if she ever really was;
When she alights on my shoulder
I know she wants me to hold her -
Flies off and she's mine no longer.
My butterfly so frail and fine,
I wonder if hers I ever was;
When she returns to kiss me again
I know she's more than just a friend -
Flies off and gone forever more.
`A beautiful butterfly flies high above.
It gracefully emits, warm rays of love.
flies &  swings its wings, like a dove.
beautiful colours, it glitters like  gold
Sweet, calm, sweet message it holds
Warm, tender it’s lights never grow old.
It opens it wings & makes day brighter.
It sends sweet rays, makes heart lighter.
it breathes love, to make faces softer.
It warmly charms hearts, soul & minds,
cheerful smile, merit in it wing you’ll find.
The purest flush in it’s eyes wink so kind.
7/28/2006 John NelsonA butterfly
Sleeping
With grass...
Grass is
Butterfly bed...?I'm a bleeding butterfly.
My wings are made of glass but are strong enough to carry me.
My spirit glides like the summer breeze..
Fragile yet untouched.
I'm a bleeding butterfly,
I will leave a rainbow in your sky
with a trail of tears behind me.
To love me is fatal,
To feel me is toxic.
To touch me would break me.
The thought is too much.A Romantic Dialogue
The Butterfly:
"O Bright Sunflower! How handsome you are!
Can I come and sit on your yellow petals?
Your sparkling luminosity makes me bounce with happiness,
Your golden hue makes me fly in circles with joyfulness,
Your symmetrical centre filled with seeds is, verily, blessedness! "
The Sun Flower:
"O Beautiful Butterfly! You are my muse!
No! Not the dazzling Sun who dazzles from a distant,
But You! My pretty Butterfly!
You are flitting around me all the time,
Playing and parading your shining wings,
Swinging and springing like a belly dancer!
Come! Let us dance and waltz around!
Or would you prefer to dance the Tango?
There is not much time for us to waste,
The sun will set by evening! Make haste!
You are here only for a day! Not more!
We are a perfect match,
Attired in glowing yellow shades,
Before the Sun drops his curtain,
Embrace me with your golden wings.! "The cat is fascinated!
Stares in wonderment,
Still and silent,
With amazing rounded eyes,
With golden brown hair,
At a pretty butterfly
A rare black and white combination with
An ochre yellow border,
so elegantly shaped,
So artistically decorated,
Searching for a flower
In the grassy bower!
The cat watches in a trance!
The cat debates: "Should she pounce on the butterfly?
Or just chase her around for fun!
Or Should she quietly watch its enchanting movements
Sucking the honey from the flowers? Indeed!
Sensational play of nature's allurement! "
I wonder! Who is more fascinating?
The butterfly or the cat?
I am at a loss! For I love them both!
They are both fabulous creations of God!
Amazing lives that gladdens your heart,
Attractive beings of this beautiful planet!BUTTERFLY
As born with Spring, with roses born away,
Breasting breeze’s wing to swing on high,
Upon bright buds’ breasts balanced, trembling play,
To drink and drown in perfume, light and sky.
To dust wings’ powder while still young and spry;
Earth flee, fly like a sigh the Milky Way, -
Rare fate, enchanted, of the Butterfly!
Fli[r]t, restless, like Desire, by night and day,
Loving all things, who none may satisfy,
Yearn ecstasy? - then seek in Heaven, .... good-bye!
Acrostic A BUTTERFLY
19 August 1991
Acrostic Translation Alphonse de LAMARTINE – Le Papillon
robi03_0449_lama01_0001
IIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIII
PAPILLON
Naître avec le printemps, mourir avec les roses,
Sur l’aile du zéphyr nager dans un ciel pur;
Balancé sur le sein des fleurs à peine écloses,
S’enivrer de parfums, de lumière et d’azur;
Secouant, jeune encor, la poudre de ses ailes,
S’envoler comme un souffle aux voûtes éternelles;
Voilà du papillon le destin enchanté:
Il ressemble au désir, qui jamais ne se pose,
Et sans se satisfaire, effleurant toute chose,
Retourne enfin au ciel chercher la volupté.
Extrait de “Méditations” Alphonse de Lamartine 1790_1869
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII met someone somewhere out there
One angel, with eyes that dare
I saw him sent from the sky
Oh, he’s an angel, an angel of a butterfly
Dark angel, cricket angel, my only angel
You had no idea what is heaven and what is hell
Gazing into your blue eyes when we first met
Wow, I knew then, you were a heaven sent
Dark angel, you are a white angel
You lighted my path when dark days prevail
Now I know, you didn’t walk away
Stay with me, is all I pray
Dark angel, oh my angel
Cover me, fly beside me
I love you, I need you with me
All I wanted is only you and me
I  love you
-your butterfly angel-butterfly, butterfly
fly in the sky
butterfly, butterfly
flies so high
butterfly, butterfly
lands on my thigh
butterfly, butterfly
motionlessly lies
butterfly, butterfly
gracefully diesButterfly, Butterfly
flew so high.
Butterfly, Butterfly
caught my eye.
Eyes were a glisten,
wings winked in delight.
Sought such a current
so as he could drift
in warm summer's night.
But as the days shorten
he sags in the air.
Gracefully curves
downwards,
until he lies
motionless
so calm and fair.Hoping to catch your eye
Circling around you, oh my
Butterfly, butterfly, come into the light
Oh, what a beautiful sight
Flying so gracefully
Into the sky, the butterfly
Trying to catch a butterfly
Fly, fly, fly, butterfly
There he sets upon the mums
I'm having so much fun
Here's another on the sill
Your standing so still
You go to touch him
There he goes, the butterfly
I hear a tapping on the window
It's the butterfly, fly, fly, fly
There he goes into the sky
Flying so high, the butterfly
I'll see you another day
Butterfly, butterfly, awayhormonal soup
pulsing, congealing;
chrysalis carapace
throbbing, cracking;
unknown muscles
struggling, jerking
through paper jaws...
exhausted, immobile,
transformed, transfigured -
let me dry my wings.She stood crookedly at the desk
on that first day.
‘I’m Jasmine.’
(Surely Kate or Jane would have suited her better)
Forty-something and heavy,
with a body
that had rarely moved,
and a sad pigtail
that hung down her back
like Eeyore’s tail.
I wondered how she’d go -
If she’d turn up again
next week.
And was pleasantly surprised
when she did.
Even more so
as the weeks
turned into months -
and the butterfly
that had been for so long
cramped in its lumpy chrysalis,
began to emerge.
Seems she’s doing something else
on Tuesday nights now.
Pity.The dreams
of my heart
my mind
doth pass
In my dream
of butterflys
for they
hug me
without
sound
Nothing stays
with me to long
In my dream of
butterflys
they lift me
from this ground
But I have
had from
since as a
child
In my dream
of butterflys
they so still
my mind
The deep solace
of song
In my dream
of butterflys
they flutter for they
are posied
In my dream
of butterflys
my daughter
now is four
In my dream of
butterflys
such delight
to my eyes
forever
may roam
Let me find life
and stay
In my dream of
butterflys
Soft weaved wings
they always have
of which we sing
With wings whoms
tunes
are played
out and not
forgotten
In my dream of
butterflys
linen in does
my neice now
lay
Like the rain
of yesterday
rainbow weaved
it is
thus so
In my dream of
butterflys
heavens light
doth shine
so true
In my dream of
butterflys
no cut
nor sting
for all
will sing
for the
beauty with
out flowers
no dreamOh to be a butterfly and flutter my wings by your check
To have you admire me as I glide by your beautiful smile
To land upon your shoulder and watch you breathe
Oh to hear your voice sweetly recite
as you versed with magic tones
I would fly within your view
And from your sweet, sweet lips you would say,
Beautiful butterfly how I wish this night  you were real
So I could hold you in my arms and love you always
Then the words would spin
My wings caught up in the twirl
And before your eyes…
I would be in human form
in your arms, forever moreThe dreams of my heart
my mind doth pass
In my dream of butterflys
for they hug me
without sound
Nothing stays with me to long
In my dream of butterflys
they lift me from this ground
But I have had from
since as a child
In my dream of butterflys
they so still my mind
The deep solace of song
In my dream of butterflys
they flutter for there posied.
In my dream of butterflys
my daughter now is four
If that should ever leave me
In my dream of butterflys
such delight my eyes
forever roam
Let me find life and stay
In my dream of butterflys
soft weaved wings
they always have
With wings whose tunes
are played out and not
forgotten
In my dream of butterflys
linen is does my neice now lay.
Like the rain of yesterday
rainbow weaved it is
thus so
In my dream of butterflys
heavens light doth shine
so true.
In my dream of butterflys
no cut nor sting
for all will sing
for the beauty with
out flowers no dream.I strongly believe
With all my heart
That everything happens
For a reason.
One can hardly
Take a breath
Without some form of
Consequence,
Whether good or bad,
Even if you
Are not the one
To experience it.Butterfly Effect
My very birth sent forth a tremor
through the earth and heavens,
that unique frisson caused a stir
across the whole universe,
In the mosaic stretching
from the north-pole to the south-pole
it keeps engraved the perpetual hallmark
with great grace,
In the seamless muslin of the blowing
air tier by tier
is laced precisely the adroit tapestry
of that solitary resonance,
It's trace is held with the fragrance
emanating from the florescence of time,
All over the ever-expanding space
its blooming buds are strewn
delineated with the streaks of lightning,
In all the organisms of the ocean
and every fold of the brine
the exact graphic grandeur of its culmination
is drawn exquisitely with subtle touch.
Once just the first breath of mine
growing into a turbulent typhoon
swept across the wide continent
with its boisterous billow...
But today how do you show
such sardonic bravado to deny me
in immense ignorance,
Want to flout my abiding impulse
in a sheer negligence
as the trivial flutter of a trifling butterfly?
Without my hues the azure
would not have grown so cerulean
or the fauna verdant as much-
Despite knowing all these
should you have the audacity
to negate my distinct contributions
in the vibrant soiree of this colorful world,
shall I understand,
you want the drab and dreary wilderness
to reign over the entire creation.
Look, Have I not been here,
the visage of this vast landscape
kissing the sky-line
have never turned out to be as such,
in no way.
Who knows not that my arrival
has totally changed the panorama
of the operations of nature time and again?
But for my emergence,
the propelling tempo of the world
would have fallen into a stupor
and the wheel of eternity
would have come to a grinding halt.The butterfly was young
Her vibrant wings of delicate lace
Such grace such poise
A hcarming butterfly
The cricket was slick thicket
Moving quick but swift
Yet smart somewhat wise
Proud of his chirp
Hopping through the grass
Butterfly fluttered by till upon a rose
Spreading her wings a dainty show
Slowly sipping sweet
Hopping skipping
Cricket saw
Butterfly glanced
The cricket saw butterfly
The butterfly looked yonder
Cricket hopped and chirped
A jumpety crickety song
Butterfly sighed
And rolled her eyes
Cricket hopped closer
Butterfly laughed
Silly cricket trying hard
Butterfly cared less
Poor cricket hopped and hopped
Butterfly sipping nectar sweet
Cricket sang sonfter sweeter
Butterfly stopped
A song so sweet
Too lovely than nectar
Cricket hopped upon a rose
Butterfly jumped
Almost to fly away
Cricket song too lovely to fly away
Butterfly in a trance
Fluttering her wings lovely
Too charming
Too tempting
Crickect sang
Butterfly in a spell
Too late to break
Lovers forever
Strange couple though
Yet lovely
Yet happy
Suave cricket, Princess Butterfly
Flutterby, flutterby.......The little wings,
Bearing the colors,
Moving around the flower,
Charming her,
Kissing the petals,
Taking all the honeys,
Again forget her,
Leave her alone,
Take shelter of another,
Again making love,
The consequences are same,
May be he is the beauty,
But he is the fortune hunter,
The little butterfly...Butterfly, Butterfly; so awsome and free, spread your wings and fly to me, ever so gracefull and full of love, you shine like the sun above, Butterfly, Butterly, so awsome and free
, I wishfor the true love you, d bring me to see, Butterfly, Butterfly, so full of color and chear, when I see you, I feel you so near, Butterfly, Butterfly, you lighten my day, and hope in my life you will stay.................There’s one thing I know,
That I hold close to me
My dreams are drifting
Off and onto the sea
I stand at the shore
The cool wind in my hair
And I remember one spring
You were here then
I felt your butterfly kisses
Shining over me
My butterfly kisses mean so much to me
I promise that I
Shall never let go.
My butterfly kisses
I love you so.
The waves crash on the rocks
The white twirling waves
You hold me so close
So I never stray
So close to the edge,
And I hold on tight
Knowing you’re my anchor
My anchor
On this cold spring night
I felt your butterfly kisses
Shining over me
My butterfly kisses mean so much to me
I promise that I
Shall never let go.
My butterfly kisses
I love you so.
Oh my butterfly kisses
On the cold stormy nights
Oh my butterfly kisses
Feel like home
You’re butterfly kisses
Warm me to the core
And our butterfly kisses will last
On and on
No matter if the world may stop
No matter if I’m in L.A or
Somewhere you can’t reach me
Remember, my darling
I will always love your
Butterfly kissesIn the middle of our porridge plates
There was a blue butterfly painted
And each morning we tried who should reach the
butterfly first.
Then the Grandmother said:  "Do not eat the poor
butterfly."
That made us laugh.
Always she said it and always it started us laughing.
It seemed such a sweet little joke.
I was certain that one fine morning
The butterfly would fly out of our plates,
Laughing the teeniest laugh in the world,
And perch on the Grandmother's lap.Butterflies flitter about, some fly by rapidly, and others seem to just float past your eye.  I often wonder at their beauty of flight and feel quite envious that I cannot do the same.  Life I suppose can be a little like that; sometimes events go by rapidly, while others, they seem to meander up and down flying slowly through our minds.  It is the rapidly moving ones that irritate me; most events come and go so quickly.  You look forward to something for months and when it eventually arrives it is over in a tick of the clock.  Leaves you sometimes to wonder why it happened and why you looked forward to it so much.  The slower events in time, which are really the ones we experience everyday can be so beautiful and thought provoking, that they last for a longer period of time.  Then we have the earth shattering events that come like the butterfly you have never seen in your garden before that grabs your interest.  These can grip you so strongly, that eventually it dawns on you that this is something worthwhile pursuing.  The idea grows and grows, before you know it, you are on a different path in life, which is hopefully leading you to a better one.  This can be very exciting and fulfilling.  It is the same as when all those years ago, a lady showed my wife and I a paradise flycatcher; we have been bird watching ever since.
It is amazing how we quietly go about our affairs from day to day, and the time slips by quickly month-by-month, then year-by-year, before we know it, we are nearly at the end of our time.  We look back and wonder how we really got, to this moment in time, without an honest thought, to what we are actually doing, with this wonderful life we have been given.  Surely it is better to stop and think about our life now, take notice of what is actually going on, what we are doing, how we think, and where we are actually going.  I don’t know, but it seems so logical, to have a thought or sight which is so inspiring, it makes us change our attitude, our life.  After all we only have one life that we know of, having a second one would be wonderful, but surely it is better to enjoy this one now, than hope for another one that could be better.  We are good at making our own hell on earth, surely it is better to enjoy the world for the heaven that it is.
A butterfly’s life is so short, I wonder if the ones that fly fast have as good a time as the ones that float slowly past our eyes.  The slower ones would certainly see more than the fast ones.  More flowers and their nectar are spotted.  They can stop more often to enjoy life’s garden, it makes sense to be slower I suppose.  Less haste more speed they say, I believe less speed then more understanding comes.  Take your time you’ll find it will last longer and mean more.  A very useful exercise is the one that makes you slow down to a rest in order to experience the present.
When we take time to listen to our own true self, life-changing miracles can happen.  We are so busy listening to our own thoughts about the past and future that we miss the joy that is present now.  We have beauty all around us, why not stop, and see, how happy you can be.
Butterflies cannot think so they are always in the present.  This means they have no thoughts of past or future, to spoil their lives.  Yet I expect it would be nice if they could think and talk.  They are so beautiful to see, I am sure their thoughts will be just as beautiful.  “What did you see today butterfly”?  “I noticed a beautiful bird drinking from my flower; it was so pretty that I forgot it was supposed to be mine”.  This made me think that the bird, the flower, and everything else in this wonderful world are here for us all to enjoy.  It’s a pity we as people cannot see this.  We do not share amongst ourselves, never mind the other inhabitants of the planet!
Butterflies are real; they have beauty with a purpose, to help provide for other lives.  Butterflies are also quiet; they do not make a noise, so why do we notice them?  Their colour draws our attention to them.  They announce their presence by simply being here, and because of their beauty we notice them.  A tiny seed grows into an exquisite flower, quietly without noise, when it blooms, no trumpet call to announce its presence; once again it is its beauty, which makes us take note.
This is true of all of nature’s remarkable surprises.  If we remain silent like a butterfly or seed, amazing things will also happen to us.  Also by being quiet, we will be able to listen for and not miss, the opportunities life gives us.  It is in this silence, this Golden Silence; we will realise that our constant thoughts of past and present just, confuse our view of life.  A Butterflies life from birth to death
is programmed, it has sight so it can see the way, but it lives unselfishly spreading pollen the seed of love, to germinate the other flowers.  By doing this it ensures a food source for other butterflies and creatures.  Provisions for the future lives to come, ensures food source continues.   Surely we can learn from such intelligent banking?   Butterflies are clever!
Butterflies you might say do not have a choice; they have only one way of life.  This is true, but their impact on our world though small, is wanted.  However we have many, many, choices, but it is how and what we choose, that determines what our worth will be.
By choosing right, your role in life becomes worthwhile, your help is needed, your love respected, and your effect upon our world is like a butterflies visit to many flowers, it’s good.
By choosing wrong, you do harm, damage self, harm others, you give no love, and your effect upon our world is bad.   A lone Butterflies visit to just one flower has more worth than you.
Surely it is better to be like a butterfly, spreading love, sharing happiness, giving life, sharing beauty, and giving lessons on how to lead a happy life.
Sitting here, writing down,
words that come to me,
I wonder why, they come to me.
They should be here for all to see.Butterfly moon of a flightless dawn.
Marching softly with a rhythm gone.
Angels coming in a darkened morn.
Demons ascending in a vertical form.
Found again from a wanton wish.
Lost eternity in a broken kiss.
Seas of destruction branding my mind.
Pounding relentlessly as the clock unwinds.
The way and beyond from a fluttered wing.
Dancing joyously as my soul sings.
Breathing again from a wound once clean.
Broken strength begs for thought unseen.
Deception expired as dreams ring clear.
Awareness dawns as the butterfly moon nears.
Copyright 2006 A.J. McKinleyA butterfly dances in my garden.
I don’t know its colour.
I don’t know its location.
I don’t know its name.
I know where it came from,
and she may look at me again,
just a glance and my butterfly
takes off once again.Quill me in heart and I'll lose my breath,
Pen me in soul and I'm heaven-bound,
Dip me in ink and I'll revel in you
Til stars
Fall
In stellar rainButterfly; butterfly fly away,
teach me how to be as free as free can be.
Butterfly; butterfly I see you there,
its beautiful the way your wings caress the air.
Butterfly; butterfly go as high as you can go,
show me the things that I don't yet know.
Butterfly; butterfly fly into the sky,
dropp down and land yourself by my side.
Butterfly; butterfly I see you kiss a flower,
my eyes fill and I begin to ponder.
Butterfly; butterfly your beauty soars,
I see the beauty in you and I see the beauty within me.
Butterfly; butterfly show me the way,
For beauty is beautiful but there's more to me.
Butterfly; butterfly show yourself,
I see your colors and I see your shimmer, is there anything else?
Butterfly; butterfly what is the matter?
can't you give me an answer for the questions I desire?
Butterfly; butterfly I see you dying,
life is far too short to sit around crying.
Butterfly; butterfly don't you go,
for your goal has not yet been accomplished.
Butterfly; butterfly let me lift you,
I peer into your eyes and see that there's a secret inside.
Butterfly; butterfly let it out,
your secret could hold great things, give me the secret to life.
Butterfly; butterfly let me know,
before you take your last breath; show me what you hold.
Butterfly; butterfly there you go...
You twitch away letting me that the secret to life is having the courage...
to just let go.A butterfly can fly away,
A butterfly can be a kiss,
A butterfly can be such a gaze,
A butterfly can die just like that.
That's what happened to you.
God took you,
Turned you into a butterfly,
And you flew away.
Dedicated to Civanna Carlene Christian.
Ur My Butterfly Princess,
Rest in peace.
By: Kelsey BarnettButterfly, the wind blows sea-ward,
strong beyond the garden-wall!
Butterfly, why do you settle on my
shoe, and sip the dirt on my shoe,
Lifting your veined wings, lifting them?
big white butterfly!
Already it is October, and the wind
blows strong to the sea
from the hills where snow must have
fallen, the wind is polished with
snow.
Here in the garden, with red
geraniums, it is warm, it is warm
but the wind blows strong to sea-ward,
white butterfly, content on my shoe!
Will you go, will you go from my warm
house?
Will you climb on your big soft wings,
black-dotted,
as up an invisible rainbow, an arch
till the wind slides you sheer from the
arch-crest
and in a strange level fluttering you go
out to sea-ward, white speck!
Anonymous submission.Flying high, being a butterfly
sings aloud in deep forests
let me drink the nector to my full
seems which is made just for me!
When I open my Rainbow wings
smiles, feeling elated
heights of that high sky
its that, Now I want to touch! !
~~5/5/08~~
This is the literal translation of my 'Titali'.. for the ones who cannot understand hindi.Nobody knows this little butterfly,
who wanders and roams
who seeks for the senses of love,
Nobody knows her, so tender so pure,
little butterfly, her colors are baby pastels
like new souls and holy spirits of bliss.
Every petal touched by her caterpillars
become an essences to the touch, her
ultraviolet sight that only she can posses,
The wonder of her unique little body and
sense, nobody knows her, nobody
sees the beauty in her.
Only the blissful only the lovers
of love, nobody knows her,
nobody sees her, because those who see
are blind to her colors and soul,
I am a butterflyFeel like a butterfly; mostly
half finished
still clinging to the
umbilical cord of the Palette
replaced
before dryingThe breath of dead man winter’s
Swirling vapors of the frozen -
Forging dendrites in the splinters,
Bringing rains, the rivers run.
Along those swollen banks we stroll,
To take account of winter’s toll -
Eviscerated, but his ghostly grip still lingers
In the frost that splits the soil.
Then amongst last season’s damage,
Rustling in decaying twigs,
Are little nests defying carnage,
Writhing in the planting sun.
And there I pause, to which they say,
‘let’s go, so what? ’
Because it’s all so annual,
So unspectacular -
‘But, ’ I argue, ‘that’s the reason
To enjoy this observation! ’
It’s a not-too-distant season
When these things will metamorphose -
Bursting from
Their bound-up selves
To migrate far away.
Breath of dead man winter’s faded -
Smelt of purpose as he’d fasted,
Now the milkweed’s in the sun -
And that caterpillar’s fatted, feasting -
‘Think I’ll stay, you run along.’You're pathetically ugly,
thats what they all say.
As they frolic together,
in the summer and play.
And I'm all alone,
all by myself.
Here in my tree,
with nobody else.
But the jokes on them,
and soon they will see.
All of this beauty,
that lives inside me.
For my time will come,
and some day real soon.
When I step outside,
of my self woven room.
In my beautiful colors,
so pleasing to eyes.
Kaleidoscopical beauty alive in the sky...KWent down to the garden
and see a Caterppilar
Crawling struggling on the earth
In reality she is a butterfly
Working out for her rebirth,
and after her rebirth,
She's going to fly.
She is going to shed
that heavy coat and bounded
chain and take on her new wings.
and fly high above the sky.
If we are a worm
covered with the dust,
trying hard to please
but afraid to fail
and feel like
having nailed.
Remember we are a butterfly inside.
and he is going to shed the coat
and his nailed had set us free.
If we hang in there
You'll see, we are a butterfly
we are going to shed the coat
and someday reach,
Reach for the sky.
6. January 2008Butterfly
Will your wings curl up at the first sign of frost
Butterfly?
Will you hide away when the winter comes
Retreat into your  cocoon
Butterfly?
Will you come when spring dawns?
Will you pretend like you never left?
Butterfly
I want you to remain here with me
Forever
And don't let me be lonely
Don't let me be sad
Because if you must leave me
I'll never find another
Butterfly
You flap your wings in the breeze
Make me oh so happy
Please flap those wings for me
Please stay here with me
And when winter comes
I will keep your wings warm
ButterflyButterfly
Beautiful, Colourful, Graceful
Flies, Flutters, Dances, Sings, Lands
Purple, Blue, Green
ButterflyIm homeless
As wonderer as dandelion
Lead me, butterfly!
Over the rainbow gate
Where my lover lives
Among roses
Waiting for methere in the sky you see a butterfly
fly little one fly
if is beautiful with a purple and black color
would you do me a favor
bring me my butterfly into my heart
I want to make it into art
I don't think god think's butterflys are bad
if he did then thats sad
I wish that they did not have sixs dots
I like them lots
I hate hannha monntana she give's butterflys a bad name
she's not the same
butterfly might tell your future in your life
maybe become husband and wife
butterfly is beautiful I wish it had eight dots
very lotsFlippy flip butterfly
Merry merry
As you fly
Merry merry butterfly
Over bright roses and daisies
As you drink your share and fly
Every dropp you do enjoy
Merry merry butterflybutterfly
I stopped to look at a butterfly-then it flew away.
Yet! -left me with an impression.
With me it will always stay.
Its wings were a beautiful brown-with polka dots you see.
I had wanted to grab it-but I knew it had to be free.
They only have a short life span
But in their life -they live an eternity.
They have no worries or cares-but in their life they share
All the joys of yesteryear…
If man could be as a butterfly-and enjoy and share life.
we would not have to go through, all our struggles and strife.when its lonesome
its alone
perhaps
i live in a cage
it was forced on me
by and by
it grew on me
i liked it
or not
encased
secure
but
caged
one day i chanced
upon life
metamorphosed
my cage
my case
in a shackle
no more my
anchor
i try
i cry
i moan
to breakfree
alone me
from lonliness.....................Wearied by loneliness
And grasping at straws
In the tidal wave of emotions,
We agree to meet at the city zoo,
The butterfly room summer Sunday.
As she talks affectionately about the poetry of life
And points to all the colorful creatures,
I slightly touch her elbow
And tremble more excitedly
Than a younger man making love.
A tendril of her black hair,
Flirts with her shoulder,
And I fall into a dream
Where I push back her hair
And kiss her neck for eternity.
Does she have an inner awareness
About my intense but tender longing
When she smiles that winsome smile of innocence?
Does she know I want to caress her arms
In a garden of lilacs and roses?
I’m a melancholy romantic
And overwhelmingly frantic
To submerge my being
Into the feminine charm of her essence,
To linger forever with her
Like the sweet perfume on her delicate wrists.Allow me
To push back your hair
And kiss the butterfly tattoo
On the nape of your neck
As we walk in the summer rain.
We may face death
By tomorrow dawn,
But today we have
Excited breaths
And yearnings
That cannot be suppressed.
If you fail to grasp love
In the heat of this moment,
Nothing will matter later
If you’re unhappy and alone.I grow,
I struggle,
I am not nurtured,
Nor cared for,
I learn the harsh lessons,
Of Life,
Alone.
Then,
Satisfied in my growth,
Having learnt my lessons,
I gain maturity,
I am ready,
For change.
I build walls,
Around myself,
To protect,
This change,
For change I must.
I hang,
Waiting patiently,
Change must occur,
For what else is left?
I push now,
I am impatient,
I have waited,
Long enough,
It is time.
I’ll show this world,
That I can survive.
One side of me,
Is exposed to the world,
Then another,
Slowly at first,
For I do not wish to shock,
Only to dazzle.
Released am I,
Free,
Free to show myself,
In all my glory,
In all my splendor.
For I have changed,
I am now,
Who I’m meant to be,
I am finally me.
So, fear not change,
It comes naturally,
Be brave,
Learn well,
And when,
The time comes,
Be free.A butterfly flew to my window pane
Beautifully black spotted and big
I could see it through the glass
It was not aware of my presence
As the Glass was tinted in black
Took some shots and done a video
Of my guest on the Window pane
Still stationing there for long
Then on a sudden it was gone
Into the vast chest of nature
Blessed and Beautiful are they
Though their lives are short
Am excited about my Guest
On my black window pane
Charmed by it's beautifully
Spread and decorated wings
God must have sent it to me
Like an angel from the heaven
To give some solace from
Otherwise, a tension full life.
© Sasidharan T. VellatButterfly wings.
Dancing, shimmering lights.
They are the northern lights
of the south during the day.
Beautiful lime green.
Flash and flutter.
Dancing upon the walls.
Making such a clutter.
Those butterfly wings.
A light periwinkle blue.
As blue as the ocean.
Mysterious as the moon.
Reminds  me of that sky, full of clouds.
Those butterfly wings.
A deep blood red.
So vibrant and full of life.
A deep, swirling crimson.
So loyal and true.
Those butterfly wings.
A sparkling sunny yellow.
So bright and cheerful.
Almost like a lighter gold.
So friendly and caring.
Those butterfly wings.
Those wings hold character.
Opposites they hold as well as mystery.
So dark but light and sure.
Are those butterfly wings.Vulnerable, soft and fragile
Delicate to the touch
Dodging, ducking, evading
Every attempt to clutch
Indian lore has told me
A butterfly can grant a wish
But first it must be captured
And my desire whispered to it
For the whisper to be granted
The butterfly must be set free
A difficult choice I ponder
Will my butterfly come back me?Butterfly, flutterby
Come to me
Take me to Mexico
On your delicate wing.
Butterfly, flutterby
It is early fall
I want to escape from here
To you I call.
Butterfly, flutterby
Be with me tonight
I’ll be ready in a minute
Ready for take-off; ready for flight.
Butterfly, flutterby
How gorgeous your face
Yellow, black, stained-glass wings
I see your mysterious smile and dainty grace.
Butterfly, flutterby
I’m waiting; I’ll stay
Please don’t forget me
But look! Now you’re going, going, gone, away.
Butterfly, flutterby
How can this be?
You said good bye
Now what about me?
Butterfly, flutterby
You could have come to me
Could have taken me to Mexico
On your delicate wing.
Butterfly, flutterby
This is not the end
Return for me next year
I will be waiting and watching, again and again.Perhaps it had arrived undercover
between the rich dark green leaves
of the organic cabbage which from
the huge holes in its tough outer leaves
had brought it up so lively – perhaps
reared in some protected warmth, mimicking
the months when ‘ small cabbage whites’
are supposed to live – July to September.
Or had it flown in or been shipped in
from some warmer clime?
Christmas Day – was that the kitchen ceiling light
about to go? No, it was a butterfly,
frantically circling round and round
the low-energy bulb, not hot enough
to make an Icarus of its daring; always
clockwise round the bulb, I thought;
palest green to grey to white; frenzied; delicate..
At night, the light switched off, it rested somewhere;
then at evening, resumed its mad dance,
ceaseless lover, love unconsummated…
paid no attention to its cabbage home
there in the vegetable rack; only the light, the light…
Butterflies do not hear; it did not heed
my cries increasing in despair –
nothing like a  butterfly net to hand;
I tried to bring it lower with a gentle spray
so that I could catch it; too wild its Maenad dance,
too high, too frenzied..
Two, three days passed; so much strength,
determination, endurance, in such a tiny thing;
no longer garden’s scourge; now a holy thing,
in which I saw myself; even wished to love;
we became of equal size, in the eyes of God…
as were we not always, from Creation’s birth?
The fourth morning, I caught it in a cut-glass tumbler
against the window pane – the open window
had not tempted it – myself now talking to its unhearing,
as I did my father on his way to death…
it settled in the glass, still moist inside
with orange juice; did you know,
butterflies taste with their feet…
they so quick to land and then take off…
such discrimination in those tiny feet,
that tiny brain, those tiny,
heroic muscles, devoted to its life and love…
It flew across the cold and winter garden
at such speed, I chose to see it joy or gratitude..
and then, was quiet for a time.
*
Tiny thing,
holy thing,
as near to God
as angel's wing.Chuang Tzu in dream became a butterfly,
And the butterfly became Chuang Tzu at waking.
Which was the real—the butterfly or the man ?
Who can tell the end of the endless changes of things?
The water that flows into the depth of the distant sea
Returns anon to the shallows of a transparent stream.
The man, raising melons outside the green gate of the city,
Was once the Prince of the East Hill.
So must rank and riches vanish.
You know it, still you toil and toil,—what for?Clap your wings
Butterfly, Butterfly
Clap your wings
Flutter by and fly
Your rainbow flower skin.
Strikes out glaringly beautiful in the sun
Whenever you take off the land and run
Your delicate beauty alone is breathtaking
Beautiful feelings inside of me keep awaking
When you clap your wings and fly
Butterfly sing with me
Beneath any tree
Clap your wings
Flap your wings
Flutter by and fly
Let's look up to the skies
Together on a lovely summer day
Before you decide to say goodbye!
2006 - Sylvia Chidi730
Defrauded I a Butterfly—
The lawful Heir—for Thee—The white butterfly
Hiding in petals
In the garden
Of roses
And magnolia
In her flight
Through
Open window
Came
To see
If
I was not blind
7/4/2009354
From Cocoon forth a Butterfly
As Lady from her Door
Emerged—a Summer Afternoon—
Repairing Everywhere—
Without Design—that I could trace
Except to stray abroad
On Miscellaneous Enterprise
The Clovers—understood—
Her pretty Parasol be seen
Contracting in a Field
Where Men made Hay—
Then struggling hard
With an opposing Cloud—
Where Parties—Phantom as Herself—
To Nowhere—seemed to go
In purposeless Circumference—
As 'twere a Tropic Show—
And notwithstanding Bee—that worked—
And Flower—that zealous blew—
This Audience of Idleness
Disdained them, from the Sky—
Till Sundown crept—a steady Tide—
And Men that made the Hay—
And Afternoon—and Butterfly—
Extinguished—in the Sea—I built my life with muddy bricks and a tin sheet for the roof,
My history teacher suggests the name; poverty
But it's weather-beaten knows everybody.
Am I heavy to carry on your soft wings?
If you prefer I could have join your pilgrimage
Leaving all my burdens aside
I was carrying since my childhood.
I see the outer world through my little window, nothing; but gloomy.
Only I hear the secret murmur of the souls.
Red ants on the window sill very busy and I heard a butterfly's crying.Sweet, bide with me and let my love
Be an enduring tether;
Oh, wanton not from spot to spot,
But let us dwell together.
You've come each morn to sip the sweets
With which you found me dripping,
Yet never knew it was not dew
But tears that you were sipping.
You gambol over honey meads
Where siren bees are humming;
But mine the fate to watch and wait
For my beloved's coming.
The sunshine that delights you now
Shall fade to darkness gloomy;
You should not fear if, biding here,
You nestled closer to me.
So rest you, love, and be my love,
That my enraptured blooming
May fill your sight with tender light,
Your wings with sweet perfuming.
Or, if you will not bide with me
Upon this quiet heather,
Oh, give me wing, thou beauteous thing,
That we may soar together.I captured a butterfly in a jar
I danced around in the grass for hours
Chasing it down stumbling falling laughing
Making the chase the most rewarding
I captured a butterfly in a jar
There it was for me to hold and keep forever
Anytime I wanted to relish in the joy of life
There it was for me to look upon
I captured a butterfly in a jar
Time eroded on and all things change
The butterfly became just another bug
Trapped in a glass cage
I captured a butterfly in a jar
And saw how sad it truly was
A prisoner and I the jailer
I had to let it go
I captured a butterfly in a jar
I opened that lid and allowed it to go
And it flew away far from me
It left me yearning for that summer day
I captured a butterfly in a jar
But maybe it captured me
Because ever since that butterfly flew away
I have never again felt freeI saw a butterfly
I saw him well
The tears were in his eyes
They burned like hell
He looked like just the strongest one in this world
but if you touched him he could die
This lovely butterfly who dreamed of life
As he spread his wings to fly beyond the skies
He wished the world would see him for who he is
A lovely butterfly, not an eagle
The butterfly I sawI saw a butterfly today
Small and green with no wings
Crawlsing into shadows\hiding from a world who ignores it's subtle beauty
Afraid to never be noticed...appreciated
I saw a butterfly today
Camoflauged and shielded in self-made walls
Neglecting the world of it's gentle touch
Afraid to be met with a forceful hand
I saw a butterfly today
Wings new and fresh
Excited with exhileration
Facing a world with new courage
Knowing it can not be harmed
I saw a butterfly today
Blue and gold streaked the sky
embracing the sunlight's rays
Fluttering around my head
Carring my heart on her flight
I saw a butterfly todayIf I were a butterfly
I would fly to your garden
Through smoky glasses
Watch with baleful inquisitive eyes
Till with an impatient sigh
You my fluttering presence spy....
If you would just open your window
I would my presence keep sweeping low
Find an inconspicuous corner
In your flower vase
imbibing with pleasure
memories to treasure
Your casual time of leisure...........
When you threw down  your car keys
and kicked off your shoes
All the tiredness let
Trickle off with water
Splashed with a gusto!
You relax
l too relax with  you..................
The poise and tranquility
that we as a pair
to this four walled confines bring
No man and woman can............
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~Malinikadirspring butterfly
that drunken dance
spring too much for you?
spring butterfly
the only time that matches up
to your colours
spring butterly
this party, such a colourful spread
i would too be drunken
spring butterfly
every colourful cup
a drink from heavenI saw a beautiful butterfly in flight
And how it enlightened my life.
For one bright, fleeting instant,
I forgot about my problems and strife.
It hovered over the succulent vegetation
Until its wings began to spread,
And then it glided toward the bed of flowers
Of orange, pink, and red.
I thought how fragile this butterfly -
The same is true of life
which comes and goes so quickly
When we become entangled in wordly strife.
Take time to enjoy the offerings of nature,
Make the best of each emerging day,
For life lingers like the delicate butterfly,
It sort of silently flutters away.Little butter fly
Fly up to the sky
Go into the clouds
hide away your wings
Once you where a catapiler
Ugly as can be
Now you fly on silver wings
In a clear blue sky
Fying down to greet a flower
land on a pretty petal
CHOMP!
Little butterfly becomes
lunch for the cat...Hold it gently
let it fly
Beautiful little butterfly
squeeze it tightly
make it die
Poor little butterfly
06/1988Love is like a butterfly
never here nor there
high or low
not really watching where to go.
A first love is like a butterfly
hatching out of a cocoon
we are amazed by the beauty
of this new feeling.
True love is like a butterfly
spreading its wings
and starting towards the sky
knowing that they want to have this forever.
Loosing love is like a butterfly
laying its eggs then flying away to die
leaving them in this big world all alone
knowing nothing familiar only home.
Wanting for love is like a butterfly
still as a caterpillar
wanting those wings
to be just like his friends.
Love is like a butterfly
Trying to spread its wing and fly
Love is like a butterfly
It can stay or it can die.
please rate or leave comments i do appretiateSome time ago,
while on my run
I came to the old weir.
And, as I passed
a butterfly
flew up to greet me here.
She went around in circles then
and looked me over well,
I thought perhaps she just liked men,
that's when I almost fell.
I'd kept my eyes on her too much
and didn't see the rock of ages.
And so my bare foot's painful touch
now caused the mother of all rages.
But she stayed with me for a mile,
then daintily said her goodbye.
And I enjoyed her all the while:
She was a pretty butterfly.
One hundred days I met her daily,
each morning she seemed more delicious.
She'd always look a bit capricious
but fluttered happily and gaily.
One day she didn't keep our date,
at first I didn't worry.
Quite simply she just could be late
or p'haps had met a lorry.
I never found out what occurred
and still am sadly bent.
I wonder whether you had heard
what happened to my friend.You are my butterfly
So graceful and beautiful
You are my loving butterfly
I'm so glad that I have you as my butterfly
I love you so much and that will never change
You are my butterfly
But not only are you my butterfly....
You are my special mother.Thine emulous fond flowers are dead, too,
And the daft sun-assaulter, he
That frighted thee so oft, is fled or dead:
Save only me
(Nor is it sad to thee!)
Save only me
There is none left to mourn thee in the fields.
The gray grass is not dappled with the snow;
Its two banks have not shut upon the river;
But it is long ago-
It seems forever-
Since first I saw thee glance,
With all the dazzling other ones,
In airy dalliance,
Precipitate in love,
Tossed, tangled, whirled and whirled above,
Like a limp rose-wreath in a fairy dance.
When that was, the soft mist
Of my regret hung not on all the land,
And I was glad for thee,
And glad for me, I wist.
Thou didst not know, who tottered, wandering on high,
That fate had made thee for the pleasure of the wind,
With those great careless wings,
Nor yet did I.
And there were other things:
It seemed God let thee flutter from his gentle clasp:
Then fearful he had let thee win
Too far beyond him to be gathered in,
Snatched thee, o'er eager, with ungentle grasp.
Ah! I remember me
How once conspiracy was rife
Against my life-
The languor of it and the dreaming fond;
Surging, the grasses dizzied me of thought,
The breeze three odors brought,
And a gem-flower waved in a wand!
Then when I was distraught
And could not speak,
Sidelong, full on my cheek,
What should that reckless zephyr fling
But the wild touch of thy dye-dusty wing!
I found that wing broken to-day!
For thou are dead, I said,
And the strange birds say.
I found it with the withered leaves
Under the eaves.i know, that you always asked about me...
and know that, to my talks you missed...
do you know..? ? ?
that you owned me..? ?
and waiting you with a thirst...
and miss your missing to me...
and my ear loving your whispers..
read me, ...
and write me, ...
as i am a white butterfly in your hands...
and draw me, ..
and give me a nicest colors..
which you have...
and in your heart hug me...
love you more, .. when you remembered me..
love you, even when you forgot me, ...
i forgot my soul, between your hands..
and come down to you, ..
to let me fly again from your hands...Butterfly, oh butterfly, why do you hide in the shadows?
Spread wide your wings, let your heart sing
And come dance with me in the meadow
Butterfly, oh butterfly, why do you fear?
You'll never stray, I'll lead the way
Just follow the path, I'll be near
Butterfly, oh butterfly, have you no hope?
Drink of the sun, our life's just begun
Thro time's hills and valleys we'll lope
Butterfly, oh butterfly, dare you to dream?
On our hearts we depend, shall we follow the wind
And consign to the fates grander scheme?Behold, how eager this our little boy
Is for a butterfly, as if all joy,
All profits, honours, yea, and lasting pleasures,
Were wrapped up in her, or the richest treasures
Found in her would be bundled up together,
When all her all is lighter than a feather.
He halloos, runs, and cries out, 'Here, boys, here!'
Nor doth he brambles or the nettles fear:
He stumbles at the molehills, up he gets,
And runs again, as one bereft of wits;
And all his labour and his large outcry
Is only for a silly butterfly.
Comparison
This little boy an emblem is of those
Whose hearts are wholly at the world's dispose.
The butterfly doth represent to me
The world's best things at best but fading be.
All are but painted nothings and false joys,
Like this poor butterfly to these our boys.
His running through nettles, thorns, and briers,
To gratify his boyish fond desires,
His tumbling over molehills to attain
His end, namely, his butterfly to gain,
Doth plainly show what hazards some men run
To get what will be lost as soon as won.Once you touch a butterfly
it often, flustered, fails to flutter,
and cannot soar into the sky
without a sputter and may splutter,
because for butterflies the touch
of humans, friend or enemy,
can be calamitous, the clutch
of humankind’s hegemony.
When touching those whom we befriend,
no less than those whom we betroth,
we must take care lest we offend,
for, whether butterfly or moth,
the ones for whom we care may find
it hard to soar if we should brush
the dust, though trying to be kind,
from wings that, having touched, we crush.
8/3/00One day I saw a sweet butterfly
Just as pretty as can be
My coal black tomcat, Sam
Was walking next to me
A beautiful summer day
I smiled and hummed a song
Enjoying this flitting butterfly
As Sam and I walked along
And suddenly, you’ll not believe
Without a single sound
Sam swiped his paw into the air
Knocking this butterfly to the ground!541
Some such Butterfly be seen
On Brazilian Pampas—
Just at noon—no later—Sweet—
Then—the License closes—
Some such Spice—express and pass—
Subject to Your Plucking—
As the Stars—You knew last Night—
Foreigners—This Morning—Long, long ago,
There was a tale of a blue butterfly,
That live in a silvery cage,
Up at the cold attic,
Silhouetted against the wall,
Surrounded by eerie silent,
Lost in the unknown time.
It flapped its wings hopelessly,
Around the dusty cage,
Its magnificent colour getting paler and fader,
Under the screened window,
And its spirit slipped away,
Inch by inch into the thin air.
But I do not know,
The ending of this tale,
And only the blue butterfly,
And HE who know it to the very end.UPON a garden's perfum'd bed
With various gaudy colours spread,
Beneath the shelter of a ROSE
A BUTTERFLY had sought repose;
Faint, with the sultry beams of day,
Supine the beauteous insect lay.
A BEE, impatient to devour
The nectar sweets of ev'ry flow'r,
Returning to her golden store,
A weight of fragrant treasure bore;
With envious eye, she mark'd the shade,
Where the poor BUTTERFLY was laid,
And resting on the bending spray,
Thus murmur'd forth her drony lay:­
"Thou empty thing, whose merit lies
In the vain boast of orient dies;
Whose glittering form the slightest breath
Robs of its gloss, and fades to death;
Who idly rov'st the summer day,
Flutt'ring a transient life away,
Unmindful of the chilling hour,
The nipping frost, the drenching show'r;
Who heedless of "to-morrow's fare,"
Mak'st present bliss thy only care;
Is it for THEE, the damask ROSE
With such transcendent lustre glows?
Is it for such a giddy thing
Nature unveils the blushing spring?
Hence, from thy lurking place, and know,
'Tis not for THEE her beauties glow."
The BUTTERFLY, with decent pride,
In gentle accents, thus reply'd:
"'Tis true, I flutter life away
In pastime, innocent and gay;
The SUN that decks the blushing spring
Gives lustre to my painted wing;
'Tis NATURE bids each colour vie,
With rainbow tints of varying die;
I boast no skill, no subtle pow'r
To steal the balm from ev'ry flow'r;
The ROSE, that only shelter'd ME,
Has pour'd a load of sweets on THEE;
Of merit we have both our share,
Heav'n gave thee ART, and made me FAIR;
And tho' thy cunning can despise
The humble worth of harmless flies;
Remember, envious, busy thing,
Thy honey'd form conceals a sting;
Enjoy thy garden, while I rove
The sunny hill, the woodbine grove,
And far remov'd from care and THEE,
Embrace my humble destiny;
While in some lone sequester'd bow'r,
I'll live content beyond thy pow'r;
For where ILL-NATURE holds her reign
TASTE, WORTH, and BEAUTY, plead in vain;
E'en GENIUS must to PRIDE submit
When ENVY wings the shaft of WIT.The Butterfly and the Lark (Shakespearan Sonnet)
Much like a painted picture taken flight,
With wings wearing yellows, pinks and blues,
A butterfly on Flora did alight,
His thirst to satiate with nect'rous juice.
Admiring him, upon a nearby tree,
Behind the foliage-screen a lark did hide.
The former froze with fear when, suddenly,
The ominous bird with oggling eyes he spied.
'Too small a prey I am; do pity me'
He begged.  Then came a song-like sweet reply:
'Feast enough for me has been your beauty;
I've had my fill; for food no need have I.
But, whilst I sing, will you not display
Your glorious hues in all their bright array?when you swat a fly
another glacier crumbles
to the bottom of the sea
another cruise ship sinks
when you slap a servant
another economic system in Europe collapses
millions will be jobless
when you abort an innocent fetus
another unknown virus plagues
with no known cure
in China, Africa and India
but if you are kind and compassionate
to the ant carrying a morsel of bread
global warming becomes another myth
there will be sufficient rice and wheat
there will be so much food to eat.As love falls down from the sky,
It lands on the wings of a butterfly.
The butterfly sings it's songs and rhymes,
And flies through the air, No concept of time.
It is the messenger of patience and change,
From flower to flower, it's odd and it's strange.
The butterfly can transform it's world.
And give way to new beginnings, unfurled,
It is the keeper of transformation,
And flies on faith and imagination.
The butterfly as no fear of change,
It bravely escapes it's homemade cage.
To change, it knows is necessary,
For all the burdens we need not carry.
The butterfly soars, and merrily sings,
For, without change, it could never grow wings.The butterfly from flower to flower
The urchin chas’d; and, when at last
He caught it in my lady’s bower,
He cried, “Ha, ha!” and held it fast.
Awhile he laugh’d, but soon he wept,
When looking at the prize he’d caught
He found he had to ruin swept
The very glory he had soughtLook, a butterfly. Did you make a wish?
You don't wish on butterflies.
You do so. Did you make one?
Yes.
It doesn't count.there was once a beautiful butterfly,
it would flutter its perfectly patterned,
wings high in the blue open sky.
every other butterfly would cry out,
'how pretty you are'
and even from afar only he was seen,
delicately dancing in the breeze.
yet this poor butterfly was not at ease.
it was lonely for its beauty isolated it,
alone it would fly alone it would cry,
butterfly tears dropping down upon,
the jealous land below.
even with its beauty,
it was not happy,
and craved to return to its original self,
a catterpillar, anomonoyous and free
from natures vanity.
and so one day it flew away from
its little leaf,
to find the forest queen,
and enable its dream of exceptance
come true.
after many miles of blue sky,
the butterfly came to the forests queen tree,
after hearing the butterfly's plea,
the queen grantted its anomonity,
and the butterfly was free,
for it was now a catterpillar,
and as it crawled away,
slowly,
a beetle said hello,
and a ant said hello,
and the catterpillar cried
catterplillar tears of happiness.There was never a Queen like Balkis,
From here to the wide world's end;
But Balkis talked to a butterfly
As you would talk to a friend.
There was never a King like Solomon
Not since the world began;
But Solomon talked to a butterfly
As a man would talk to a man.
She was Queen of Sabea--
And he was Asia's Lord--
But they both of 'em talked to butterflies
When they took their walks abroad!The dawn is smiling on the dew that covers
The tearful roses; lo, the little lovers
That kiss the buds, and all the flutterings
In jasmine bloom, and privet, of white wings,
That go and come, and fly, and peep and hide,
With muffled music, murmured far and wide.
Ah, the Spring time, when we think of all the lays
That dreamy lovers send to dreamy mays,
Of the fond hearts within a billet bound,
Of all the soft silk paper that pens wound,
The messages of love that mortals write
Filled with intoxication of delight,
Written in April and before the May time
Shredded and flown, playthings for the wind's playtime,
We dream that all white butterflies above,
Who seek through clouds or waters souls to love,
And leave their lady mistress in despair,
To flit to flowers, as kinder and more fair,
Are but torn love-letters, that through the skies
Flutter, and float, and change to butterfliesI'VE watched you now a full half-hour,
Self-poised upon that yellow flower;
And, little Butterfly! indeed
I know not if you sleep or feed.
How motionless!---not frozen seas
More motionless! and then
What joy awaits you, when the breeze
Hath found you out among the trees,
And calls you forth again !
This plot of orchard-ground is ours;
My trees they are, my Sister's flowers;
Here rest your wing when they are weary;
Here lodge as in a sanctuary!
Come often to us, fear no wrong;
Sit near us on the bough!
We'll talk of sunshine and of song,
And summer days, when we were young;
Sweet childish days, that were as long
As twenty days are now.STAY near me---do not take thy flight!
A little longer stay in sight!
Much converse do I find I thee,
Historian of my infancy !
Float near me; do not yet depart!
Dead times revive in thee:
Thou bring'st, gay creature as thou art!
A solemn image to my heart,
My father's family!
Oh! pleasant, pleasant were the days,
The time, when, in our childish plays,
My sister Emmeline and I
Together chased the butterfly!
A very hunter did I rush
Upon the prey:---with leaps and spring
I followed on from brake to bush;
But she, God love her, feared to brush
The dust from off its wings.682
'Twould ease—a Butterfly—
Elate—a Bee—
Thou'rt neither—
Neither—thy capacity—
But, Blossom, were I,
I would rather be
Thy moment
Than a Bee's Eternity—
Content of fading
Is enough for me—
Fade I unto Divinity—
And Dying—Lifetime—
Ample as the Eye—
Her least attention raise on me—I think I was on a balcony
overlooking the whole thing.
--Yusef Komunyakaa
"April Fool's Day"
No soon, no hard loan, no geometric woodwork
to make you feel at home. No soap, no anonymous
bourbon, no portrait or copy of a portrait painted
by some writer or star or family member or any
other-than-artist person. No short drop
(you were fifteen floors up), no secret way
out, no voice of self-hatred (which you are at least
used to). No past tense. Sometimes no tense at all.
Sometimes not even an all or nothing. Sometimes
not even a real estate dream, not even a frame,
not even a framework. A balcony but not a back
kitchen porch. A woman hanging out her laundry
but not hanging out. Railroad tracks and motor-
cycle gang around the corner but not a ticket
or a destination. Not even the sense of a weird
dead end. Not a lemon or a sun. No children.
No stories about children, no crooked arrow.
No ghost named Leslie or Vallejo. No C. No M.
No J.Fair Child of Sun and Summer! we behold
With eager eyes thy wings bedropp'd with gold;
The purple spots that o'er thy mantle spread,
The sapphire's lively blue, the ruby's red,
Ten thousand various blended tints surprise,
Beyond the rainbow's hues or peacock's eyes:
Not Judah's king in eastern pomp array'd,
Whose charms allur'd from far the Sheban maid,
High on his glitt'ring throne, like you could shine
(Nature's completest miniature divine):
For thee the rose her balmy buds renews,
And silver lillies fill their cups with dews;
Flora for thee the laughing fields perfumes,
For thee Pomona sheds her choicest blooms,
Soft Zephyr wafts thee on his gentlest gales
O'er Hackwood's sunny hill and verdant vales;
For thee, gay queen of insects! do we rove
From walk to walk, from beauteous grove to grove;
And let the critics know, whose pedant pride
And awkward jests our sprightly sport deride:
That all who honours, fame, or wealth pursue,
Change but the name of things--they hunt for you.Will you even notice when I'm gone?
The space no longer occupied by me
My existence fragments of a broken memory within your mind
And my hunger for you will go unfed
I am no longer there
I am a trapped butterfly that has broken free
And yet wherever I go, you are haunting me
I am damaged: my wings have been broken
You are crushing the butterfly that has been given to you
However loud I scream, you don't hear me
You have turned your back
When I am no longer here, you will mourn your love for me
Or will you even notice I'm gone?The stars
finding it hard
to keep their eyes
open.
Moon
tucked up
in a comfortable cloud
already fast
asleep
turns & smiles.
Even the dark
is nodding off
dreaming of
...light
Even the cricket
has gone
asleep
even the fire
sleeps
in a nightdress
of ashes
all this
dreamy night.
Only the baby
(our little sweetie)
lies awake
playing with
the bright butterfly
dancing in her
dress of brilliant colour
bobbing
on the string
before her.
She tells the butterfly
delightedly
over & over
that she is
beauty
but the butterfly
doesn’t understand
the language of gurgle.
Somewhere
in the dark
Da da
snores
Ma ma
sleeps quiet.
*******
XUEXI HAN YU
(LEARNING CHINESE)
Shao hudie! Shao hudie! Shao hudie! Shao hudie!
your fingertips fluttering
all over my body
Little butterflies! Little butterflies! Little butterflies! Little butterflies!Hey my Girlie! the nursery teacher
you taught me to spell love
and how to love smoothly
instead of nursery rhymes.
It's all over like in a movie.
I am a desperado in a nursing home.
Sitting on an isolated bench
And I recognized you from afar,
Your exceptional smile.
Oh! you are designated as a new Matron to this desperate home.Anyway I hope that you will teach me
Your Toy boy, again the spelling of love
And how to love politely not smoothly as earlier?Elections………..........I had strayed into cacophony from routine,
The din sounded like music to my ears,
Wasn’t long, the blare consumed my attention,
I wasn’t listening anymore, confused,
I was pushed from cacophony to silence,
I spent time, do not know how long,
I recovered from silence to hearing,
With the help of a lot of tender caring,
Every journey leaves you learned,
Few learning are hard earned,
Every learning has a cost,
Few learning leave you lost,
When I regained myself,
I looked around to assess,
My surroundings had changed,
I live in a different world now,
It’s a lot of peace out here,
I can hear birds chirping,
I can see children in the park playing,
I have started working and thinking.A sudden bird cacophony
Came to me like a symphony:
They each played their part; majors and minors,
Piping their art; well skilled and first timers.
And none were afraid, of the part which they played
As some flew around, and some sat in the shade
Of the trees in the glen, where they sang to the men
Of how time makes away, with the best of our days
And how bird song outlasts both our future and past.FOSSILS.............
Fine
Organized
Substance
Suitable for
Interesting study of
Life
Subsided.LIFE............Pain...........
Peeling
Agony
Inside
NaivelyDestiny.....A cat fight or mating
An eagle on carcas
A crow fightDisturbance is uncouth
You do not prize your drums
You are in soup again
With this your healing band
There were two fellowships
Already in that house
What spirit possessed you
To begin your own club?
You talk of latter rain
Now in this dry season
But dust and faded grass
Are all we see around
You say you know Jesus
But we as well know him
Witnesses gave us books
And taught us how to pray
Not with loud enchanting
Not too with drums and pipes
But quiet song and talk
We all as well did sob
We did not fall at all
No one was slain in Spirit
Who was it that told them
To kick you out of town?Peaceful serenity falls upon my mind, giving me food for thought as I fondle ideas with precision in grammatical order.
Letting go entirely of life, traipsing into forests of freedom, being led by inner independence acquired when just a child.
Honing in on a cacophony of harmony, keeping pace with it's awesome ability to participate subconsciously and entirely in my intellectual abilities.
Accolades of strident triumphs giving me moments of inspired tones, guiding me through tangled jungles of brain cells, tumbling out into many exacting rhymes of verse.
Lifting my spirits, taking me away from earthly pursuits just to become the music I was born to make through words and compositions.The soft rustle of the leaves
In the gentle spring breeze
Breaks the silence of the trees
Waking them from quiet contemplationWhen I'm the sane one amidst some insane,
Then I should be happy and glad for my sanity.
But when the totality seems to dictate insane,
Then I should be afraid for my sanity,
As it poses a threat to the mundane.
- June 23,2013 -Cacophony of sound, delivering sounds quickly and quietly to inner pages of books, long since written and foretold.
Seasons taking me away into summer heat and winter frost, stirring the mixtures of unbegotten silence.
Tapping life into poetry as words fly into my mind, not leaving any of them behind to belabor the chances of never being heard.The cacophony
Of sounds floats and fills the air
Heightened by darkness
Voices rise in unison
Singing hymns inside the campAwake, alert, writing, having no urges to fall asleep just
yet, mind wandering down hapless lanes of hope and promise,
wanting to find directions in which to now go.
Spider-like, falling into ravines, catching hold, grasping
all that is good for another even now, forever preserving
the cacophony of youth.We all have desires, wishes
Things that sometimes keep us running
If we try to ignore these then we live only
According to logic. We try to rule out what
Is known as passion. But why?
Why would anyone try to live a life that is...
Passionless? Well, it is hard to prove that it
Exist, especially if you wish to have it and
Another doesn't acknowledge it. I would like
To recommend living everyday to the fullest
With passion.
Without passion artists would never have created
Such splendid works, created such lyrics, wrote such
Books that takes us all so far away from where we are
Passion allows us to live another life. In fact, it may
Just happen to take over one's life.
That is why so many live passionless. They fear that
It will take over all logic-it doesn't. It only makes
Life more splendid. Love without passion
Is not love at all. It is easy to remember and give a call
To your beloved. Sing them a lovely tune-
If that is how love makes you feel.
Silly. Very silly, but all in the name of passion.
The second you first fall in love is an important event.
It is not something that is to pass fast and go all spent.
But rather so passionate that one must remember to
Save and cherish this passion and keep the flames from
Burning out. Alpha and omega; forever and ever.
To save the love from beginning to end:
One just must remember to not let
The words change into only words.
Or favors turn into mutual agreements.
Because in passion all things are done in love
'Without any if and or buts about it! '
So live life passionately with all the love you can offer
If you feel you haven't any to offer, that is not so
It is an easy thing to do, just give the next person that walks by
A big smile, and there is no telling just why, but
Simply because you live a llife full of passion. A word that is
Hard to define, but when experienced and expressed
It is easy to understand.
When looking for love, stop. don't search. It is looking for you.
Let the cacophony continue until it's sound and love has you found.The cacophony
Of my children's
Voices is drowning out
The whispers of my
Poetic voice...
(Wrote this one day when I was finding it hard to focus on my thoughts because my children were making a lot of noise.)Screaming, screeching, restless,
The cacophony disturbing..
The sound deafening to drown the senses...
The tranquility crashing down.
The walls echoing with vibrations
The cacophony troubling my mind...
Longing..seeking for a peaceful bower,
Like cool drops of rain on a scorching summer day.
to quieten the raging torrents inside...
A wish deep from heart...Pinning chests like puffins to project
fuzzy assertion,
huddled, brave foragers
chase the crumbs along the
stained ground,
flapping feathers of civility during
auspicious climbs and
daft plummets, swooping in
massive waves of perplexed flesh
until frenzied,
shifting and undulating in rage like a
storm of hungry nerves
all darting with beaks coiled
in panicked alarm: no longer just a
severe warning.It's a little disturbance that lingers, a little disappointment, a small heart.
The chaos comes to an end. Breathing life is always an art.Hollow,
tide of the world has swept to me,
washing my thoughts, washing my mind.
This barage of opinion is vexatious,
the dumb, the daft, the dubious,
daring and dashing t'rite bay.
Truth is planted by the tip,
roots concealed in the clouds of heaven,
sweet tongues, sweet words,
vast as the oceans,
as the oceans, unswallowable,
or swallow the waters;
the desert cannot be more deserted,
save for the blinding sandstorm,
drowning, obstructing the journey north,
we journey not.
The wand of one is brutish,
same so see the word of many.My ink bleeds with a burning desire to tell the unspoken story that goes on in my head.
If only I could think of a sweet symphony to quench this raging cacophony in my pregnant mind.
I lay expectant in my pink pyjamas staring at the unperturbed Moon, for answers she refused to give.
The stars will not wink so my curiosity be tamed.
The link between the realm of uncertainty and reality is severed.
If I will but drink from the pot of Athena, I may send my anxiety to sleep.
I am at the brink of walking away from all I have toiled for.
If only the heavens can blink and give me a sign.
I fear I may sink in my cocoon till I find the answers I seek.The deafening sound
Where every joy every fear
Comes to life
There is talk and talk of
Broken promises empty dreams
Beautiful hopes and petty wishes
I do not hear them
These faint whispers are saying nothing
To me
I cast these notions aside
Still they persist to drag me in
To their arms
To their embrace
I cry out
'I am a changed man'
Only to realize
I am the same man
A tiger growls inside my soul
Hungry for the days past
Days when I slept
In dreamless bliss
AloneCHESS.....
Clevers
Hiding
Essential< br>Secrets
SuccessfullyMarriage.............cute is the crass cacophony
twisted is the turning tide
prose  is the poem phoney
web is the world wide
open is the opulent orgy
tweaked is the twinkling time
closed are the kinky clergy
lovely is the lemony lime
talk is the time turner
jabbering is the joker job
book is the brain burner
mocking is the mundane mobDEATH....
Divine
End
After
Travel
HuntPolitics.......Paranoid..........
Personality
Aetiolog y
Reasoning
Assuming
Not there
Oodles
intense
DisorderHIGH DECIBEL CACOPHONY
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
time for elections
blackmailers are in a queue
for fresh equations
season has begun anew
bravado is much in view
sharpening their knives
rehearsals for.Brutuses
dire, ominous.times
Shylocks demand pounds -don't fuss
Shotgun's potshots - resurface
demand for soothsayers
astrology - much in news
havans and prayers
some to get victorious
some.crush others- bit vicious
promises galore
to the gullible voters
jobs, seats, much much more
one-up-man-ship -no fetters
the trick: 'rob Paul, pay Peter'
it is a numbers game
hectic talks.with.match makers
what caste sells- just name
'secular' has huge.takers
'hindutva' also rakes-in
fundless go.in smoke
lots and lots to stay in race
principles are jokes
funds should only have black face
else ED one has to face
this democracy
with its warts has come to stay
it is much noisy
sad-no other cards to play
'Jockey or nothing' ! no wayPoems.....
Presenting
obvious
expres sions of
mind and
SoulPeace, everlasting peace:
is it even a possibility
within this present
cacophony of our society?
Is peace possible
within this shrill
and angry mess?
which is
apocalyptic,
apoplectic.
and apophatic?Racism does not prevent one from marrying from the race they despise.
Racism is not one calling the other monkey or pig.
Racism is an entrenched political and financial system
That excludes other people on account of their race.
It is the system of the world that monopolizes wealth in the hands of one race
The tragedy we have today is leaders (personalities)are elevated way above ideas and ideals.
We must never die for a leader but for an idea and ideal we can
Christians today seem to shy away from critical thinking.
They will accept any philosophy packaged as scripture without questioning
The authenticity of the message.
We were given not fear but a sound mind
Church is never meant to make people happy but your faith in the redeemer Jesus does
I do not defend my Lord Jesus because He is more than able to defend me and fight His own battles,
Instead I defend my faith in Him.
Jesus was not born on the 25th of December.
It's a pagan day that was christened no wonder its beer orgies appeal more than its reverence.
To me it's just a public holiday that's all.
Law was designed to protect society from evil but evil usurped the ideal to entrench tyranny.
Fear when numbed turns to hate
The victim will never be factual and logical in explaining pain because pain is just painful.
The perpetrator will always come up with lots of academic and logical excuses
as to why they decided to be evil; much more when they still wield
economic, political and gun 'powder'
Deep fear brings forth hate
To outlaw an outlaw is unheard of.
How do you outlaw that which is already illegal by its mere existence?
The black market is a 'financial outlaw ‘market and I do not understand how it can be outlawed
Wherever you hear these terms know that only the elite are being referred to as the people: The People's parliament, the people's army, the people's government.
Never be fooled, no country that uses these phrases regards people's freedoms as important
We are too busy dealing and wheeling to even think how vulnerable we are as a people. Our social fabric has been torn to pieces by thugs who drive in fancy cars and live in mansions.
They have guns, they are untouchable and guess what they have become our youth's heroes.
we now have warlords running the mining sector
This not anything our lawyer politicians are cut out for
Evil is not racial. Evil is inherent in humanity in spite of race.
Evil is only accentuated by economic and subsequent political power.
All races are capable of being racist
What happened to "mandionerepi" whose paintings are all over the caves
In Chitungwiza, Domboshava and Banket?
East, Central and Southern Africa belongs to the Pigmies and khoisan people. I call them the first nations.
We, the bantu came and took their land leaving them crammed in the hot deserts
Politicians from time immemorial have always turned to popular religion for energy.
But this has always weakened them the more.
In the last days of Mugabe and Gbagbo church services where daily, nearly. I will not say more.
All great nations are never from pure breeds but assimilating conquered and weaker tribes
Capitalism is catastrophic if left unfettered
Pan Africanism is a phoney philosophy or ideology.
Like communism sounds very good on paper and in the classroom.
Power is in being honest that you have a weakness as a human being.
dictators don't feel comfortable with young dynamic opposition leaders that connect with the youth.
Anything you get for free you mostly likely not to value it
Any revolution led by political parties is temporary
I literally lived this history I am not reading it from some book
In a certain country bordering Wakanda patriotism is supporting the president at all cost.
It's unfortunate that we redefined theft to hustling as if it's something different.
Hustling simply means obtaining illicitly or by use of force.
At times doing good things and doing the right things are not the same.
Many leaders do good things for their own selfish ends.
To be inspired is good but to realise the inspiration to benefit the now and the future is another thing all together.
Our education is too exam centred rather than knowledge based.
Anyone can cram and memorise theories and pass but very few come out knowledgeable
Enough to make society better, very few indeed.
Education shouldn't be a fashion thing.
A thief that steals from a thief is a thief still.
PHILLIP NINE MAFUNGA
31 December 2019For a love which seems so simple
That with quiet ease it must ring true
A rousing chorus does sound
Which deafens the calls of sanity
Should love be an illness of the mind
A sick note to the heart
Let it play and be sung in my own
That I am maddened by the sounds
The words of love which speak
Make no sense but to themselves
The song of which this word does sing
Let me be lost in their melody
Confused in their chorus
And drawn to their verse
Oh the words and sounds of love
How simple they claim to be
I find myself happily lost
In loves cacophonyL i f e..........
Love
Infinite
Fu gitive
EnduringSilence......when i walk alone Colon
i remember being treated for free barbecue
by my sister during her student days,
(it may not be important to you but it is
to me, for it was the first time that i have
had a free barbecue
with white rice wrapped by coconut leaves)
nothing significant really like it is an ordinary day
but there is one thing that i cannot tell you
i have seen stars there,
people who shine ordinarily without anybody knowing
that they are stars in their own right,
ordinariness felt
something that pleases you when you walk
and no one knows you
independent, open, nothing significant
you become real.RELATIONSHIP
Realizing
Essence of
Lasting
Actions
Tied
In
Ongoing
Nurture
Synergy
Hopes
In
PartnershipEGO.............Wisdom
Wise
intelligence
service
divinity
on awareness and
meditationBetter a broken heart
Than a shattered soul
For shards of a heart
Only quake the mind
And break the dam of tears
But a spoilt soul
Massacres optimism
Brings about somberness
Pushes one to consider
Themselves worthless
And attract suicidal thoughts
And once the spell
Is cast it's almost
Impossible to dispel
Better a be abacinated
Than have a sighting of doom
A taste of perdition
Soul cacophonies
Inner man conflictions
Collapsed soul
Reeking, leaking
Drowning
The heart, the mind
Corroding one's identity
Effacing confidence
What can the hands do?
If not to witness the body
Drown, submerged
In a corrosive body of soulSpare me the cacophony of your caws, Mr. Crow
I am not a bit enamored of you, don't you know?
Why are you bent on stealing my precious serenity
Cawing away from the branches of the neem tree?
To the koel's melodious notes, let me listen
And admire the dewdrops that sparkle and glisten.
Let its magical music drive away my midnight blues
Before they return with some gory morning news.
Grand is the morning, grand the fragrant flowers
Grander the luscious fruit hanging from the bowers.
Let me be drenched in the magic of twilight dews
Before my blues return with gory morning news.
Trills she, "Koohoo, get up, you laggards lazy.
Go inject some sense in a world gone crazy."
Your off-key cawing does nothing but confuse
More depressing it is than the gory morning news.
There is nothing but senseless gore, ah so chilling
None wants to listen to the koel's soothing trilling.
Spare me the raucosity of your caws, Mr. Crow
Honestly, I'm not enamored of you, don't you know?Prayers.................Suddenly, he jumped into the river
Suddenly, he managed to jump into the river
Suddenly, at that devastating moment,
he jumped into the river
Suddenly, at that fearsome, devastating moment,
he jumped into the river
Suddenly, with a horrible wound, at that fearsome, bloody,
devastating moment,
he jumped into the river
The surging waves turned red with his blood
The cacophony of the clattering gunfire
was still vibrating in the air—
and the constant cry of the wounded and dying.
Translated from the Bengali by the poetWhen you venture
Alone
Into the unknown,
The ripples
Quiet and rhythmic
Create a gentle flutter
On the surface
With each tread;
But the calm deep down
Notes the unrest;
And the contours of the shores
Reflect
Multiple cross waves
Smearing you with a refresh
With their precious touch;
And as you venture deep
To create more ripples
Absorbing and giving-in,
The cacophony
Of the dance of thoughts
And the waves
In your mind
And the surface
Know no limits.
Do you want to step out? !Come now
and hold my hand
wrap yourself around my heart
as we walk through life together
and no matter what the world throws before us
we will always be together
Come now
and touch me
as no-one has ever touched me before
because when you touch me
you don't touch my flesh
you feel my very soul
Come now
and love me
as I love you
deeply
sincerly
as we live in a world that only you and I
will ever know
God you can take my hands because I still have my heart to feel her
You take my sight because the things I see are only malicious memories or her
You take my legs because I will stand taller than any man because she once loved me
But leave my arms
I beg
So that I might hold her one more time
So that I might love her one more time
Tonight I sleep with tears
the friend that I know so well
Tonight I sleep with loves lost lies
whispering the prosperity that I so much want
that I so much can't have
Tonight I sleep in the void that her heart left me
wondering what time has left for me now that
she's gone
But time will pass and I will sleep forever.THE CUCKOO'S  CACOPHONY.
A lone cuckoo utters  Cacophony anguished
Of being lonely, the crowded crows' ambushed.
Looks hither and thither for comfort
Calling some to extend safe  escort.
'Come some one, to my escape, where You
Are, who you are, how you do, mind not yaar! '
Life's  precious, priceless that yarns survival
Sings heart's sorrow expecting urgent arrival.
Other of its kind tweets in  symphony,
Exerting  friendship above disharmony,
ready, for the heart's unison, deep aspired,
Awaiting, determined, searching sanguine.
#(Based on the the touching  scene of suffering in real life.)Unfitted, the zoo sleeps well concealed;
The bachelors are moaning their ghazals,
Their lungs are wheezing like sick balloons,
Since they can see her through their bars;
She is that opulent moon,
Fully formed, the distant transmogrify,
Who delights in making love in front of their lonely cages,
To everything else, and in that nostalgic expanse,
She whispers to them she whispers her tugging form,
Where the sea rises in sharp nipples,
And laughs with her in their pornographic truancies,
Dancing in the drunken bolero beneath her armpit
Until they are trapped in the flowing penumbra,
One part of her thighs which lays across their
Foreheads like a feverish hand,
Touching them with her distant interests,
Until they learn her name,
The hoary spikenard come aware in their throats,
And cry it out in their forlorn cacophony.(dedicated to Little Morning Star, a poet friend at poemhunter)
I saw that she had tears
running down pink cheeks
she slowly turned bright red
how beautiful God's creature!
neither I nor her was ready
to tell about our feeling
finally I took her hand
I was able to feel
why this has been going on?
our dreams follow the inner will
I was ready to fly to her illusion
I've promised not to let her downI hear that
Bella canzone
That the birds are singing right now
For me
And I just want to take the time to thank the birds
For their song
But at night
It is a different history all togeherI packed up the books: Under
Milk Wood, Of
Mice and Men, Under
the Window, Under
the Volcano, Up
from Slavery, The Thunder-
ing Herd, Under
the Greenwood Tree, The Over-
Coat, The Changing Light at Sandover,
Under-
world, Out
of Africa, Paris Trout;
and I went over
to the Under-
woods' house over
on River Road. Over-
head the blackness of
clouds out-
paced a fleeing sun. Out
and up
the clouds rolled, roiled up,
wrung out
in horrendous rain over
and over.
I had agreed over
coffee one day to farm out
lots of books people were giving over
to the library book sale over
at the high school. Under
the agreement, volunteers took books over
to the Underwoods' over
spring break. I was up
for this, and signed up.
Over
I drove, up
the Cross Road, and turned up
River Road. I walked up
the Underwoods' driveway and over
the lawn. The voice of Dawn Up-
shaw drifted up
from a CD player, and out
on the screen porch was John Up-
dike's new book of essays, next to the Up-
anishads. Under
the lilacs, under
the clematis, climbing up
trellises of
lath, of
ironwork, of
wicker, blossoms hardly held up
their heads. Of
course, of
course; but the storm that had crushed them was over.
Pools of
water, of
mud were all around. The Underwoods' cookout
was a washout,
but the sun of
a glowing afternoon under-
cut the thunder.
The Under-
woods took all the discarded books out
of the trunk of my car, and then dove them (with lots of other books) over
to the high school, where these books were put up
for sale for the benefit of the Westport Free Public Library, a generous act
which the Underwoods should be proud of.I sing that
Canzone per lo spirito
That will wake up
My spirit
That was sleeping for so long
And at the same time I believe that
My spirit had 13 hours of sleep
Last night
Canzone per lo spirito
Helps me to bring back the energy that I need
By singing the
Canzone per lo spiritoAh me! ah me! when thinking of the years,
The vanished years, alas, I do not find
Among them all one day that was my own!
Fallacious hope; desires of the unknown,
Lamenting, loving, burning, and in tears
(For human passions all have stirred my mind),
Have held me, now I feel and know, confined
Both from the true and good still far away.
I perish day by day;
The sunshine fails, the shadows grow more dreary,
And I am near to fail, infirm and weary.There is a Renaissance painting of paradise
In which people, still in their human bodies,
Are embracing as if they'd just arrived in paradise
Or—because some are angels—were being welcomed to paradise.
Nobody in the picture looks like a ghost.
Even the angels, winged for paradise,
Wear embraceable bodies. It seems that paradise
For Giovanni di Paolo is a place of happy reunions.
And now, when we anticipate reunions
Like those in every moment, paradise
Is not exactly the place we hope to arrive.
It's been made complicated—that arrival.
Our destination is where we hope to arrive.
Simple enough but now a paradox,
Since now we cannot be certain of our arrival
And have to pray simply that we arrive.
And of course we hope to arrive in our human bodies,
The ones we've always known since our arrival
On earth, the ones for which there are no rivals
Imaginable, except as an Italian ghost
Has painted them. But who wants to be a ghost,
Even if it means being part of a revival,
Even in such a classic, reunited
As form and content, body and soul's reunion?
Let's face it, only the hardiest can see union
With art as a satisfying arrival.
For most of us, our daily lives unite
Our needs for love and work. And their smooth union
Is, come to think of it, a blissful paragon,
A reason to tell the partner of our union,
Talking about our day over dinner, united
In crunching through bread and salad, of our body's
Desire to be united with their body.
It's a good day that ends with such a union.
And though we might still love each other's ghost
And say so, what we desire is not a ghost.
What we desire is both the flesh and ghost,
The full consort together, the living union.
We know that's health. We know that this new ghost
Of rumor and apprehension is a ghost
Like the horizon line, always arriving.
And now we have to live with the kind of ghost
That gives a bad name to every ghost—
I mean to every airy sense of paradise
Where the good—which should mean all of us—find paradise,
Despite the blemishes we've stuck to our ghosts.
It all comes back, doesn't it, to the body?
We wish we'd never have to leave our bodies.
Or have to leave the way we think of our bodies.
Giovanni clothes the heavenly in the ghost
Of class and calling. He paints no naked bodies,
Despite our expectations of the body
In heaven, restored to a primeval union
With innocence and ignorance. He says we'll be those bodies
Identified as us, and so we'll dress our bodies
As we have understood them. Maybe after arriving
We'll come to understand that to arrive
In heaven is to embrace a hidden body.
After all, this is but an interpretation of paradise,
Which says we bring our world with us to paradise.
I'm glad Giovanni di Paolo saw the arrival
Of souls in paradise as a time for reunion,
And not merely a mingling of bodiless ghosts.
I wish I could believe in that promise of paradise
As deeply as I believe in this mortal body.Flowers open, dreams form,
Swarm to me perpetual stars!
And down below
But in slow motion
Trees by fibrous roots
Renew sensations
Through the forest sounding boards.
We, with one accord,
Must now embrace our tactile world
And let the Spirits be
To vague philosophy.O my own Italy! though words are vain
The mortal wounds to close,
Unnumber'd, that thy beauteous bosom stain,
Yet may it soothe my pain
To sigh forth Tyber's woes,
And Arno's wrongs, as on Po's sadden'd shore
Sorrowing I wander, and my numbers pour.
Ruler of heaven! By the all-pitying love
That could thy Godhead move
To dwell a lowly sojourner on earth,
Turn, Lord! on this thy chosen land thine eye:
See, God of Charity!
From what light cause this cruel war has birth;
And the hard hearts by savage discord steel'd,
Thou, Father! from on high,
Touch by my humble voice, that stubborn wrath may yield!
Ye, to whose sovereign hands the fates confide
Of this fair land the reins,—
(This land for which no pity wrings your breast)—
Why does the stranger's sword her plains invest?
That her green fields be dyed,
Hope ye, with blood from the Barbarians' veins?
Beguiled by error weak,
Ye see not, though to pierce so deep ye boast,
Who love, or faith, in venal bosoms seek:
When throng'd your standards most,
Ye are encompass'd most by hostile bands.
O hideous deluge gather'd in strange lands,
That rushing down amain
O'erwhelms our every native lovely plain!
Alas! if our own hands
Have thus our weal betray'd, who shall our cause sustain?
Well did kind Nature, guardian of our state,
Rear her rude Alpine heights,
A lofty rampart against German hate;
But blind ambition, seeking his own ill,
With ever restless will,
To the pure gales contagion foul invites:
Within the same strait fold
The gentle flocks and wolves relentless throng,
Where still meek innocence must suffer wrong:
And these,—oh, shame avow'd!—
Are of the lawless hordes no tie can hold:
Fame tells how Marius' sword
Erewhile their bosoms gored,—
Nor has Time's hand aught blurr'd the record proud!
When they who, thirsting, stoop'd to quaff the flood,
With the cool waters mix'd, drank of a comrade's blood!
Great Cæsar's name I pass, who o'er our plains
Pour'd forth the ensanguin'd tide,
Drawn by our own good swords from out their veins;
But now—nor know I what ill stars preside—
Heaven holds this land in hate!
To you the thanks!—whose hands control her helm!—
You, whose rash feuds despoil
Of all the beauteous earth the fairest realm!
Are ye impell'd by judgment, crime, or fate,
To oppress the desolate?
From broken fortunes, and from humble toil,
The hard-earn'd dole to wring,
While from afar ye bring
Dealers in blood, bartering their souls for hire?
In truth's great cause I sing.
Nor hatred nor disdain my earnest lay inspire.
Nor mark ye yet, confirm'd by proof on proof,
Bavaria's perfidy,
Who strikes in mockery, keeping death aloof?
(Shame, worse than aught of loss, in honour's eye!)
While ye, with honest rage, devoted pour
Your inmost bosom's gore!—
Yet give one hour to thought,
And ye shall own, how little he can hold
Another's glory dear, who sets his own at nought
O Latin blood of old!
Arise, and wrest from obloquy thy fame,
Nor bow before a name
Of hollow sound, whose power no laws enforce!
For if barbarians rude
Have higher minds subdued,
Ours! ours the crime!—not such wise Nature's course.
Ah! is not this the soil my foot first press'd?
And here, in cradled rest,
Was I not softly hush'd?—here fondly rear'd?
Ah! is not this my country?—so endear'd
By every filial tie!
In whose lap shrouded both my parents lie!
Oh! by this tender thought,
Your torpid bosoms to compassion wrought,
Look on the people's grief!
Who, after God, of you expect relief;
And if ye but relent,
Virtue shall rouse her in embattled might,
Against blind fury bent,
Nor long shall doubtful hang the unequal fight;
For no,—the ancient flame
Is not extinguish'd yet, that raised the Italian name!
Mark, sovereign Lords! how Time, with pinion strong,
Swift hurries life along!
E'en now, behold! Death presses on the rear.
We sojourn here a day—the next, are gone!
The soul disrobed—alone,
Must shuddering seek the doubtful pass we fear.
Oh! at the dreaded bourne,
Abase the lofty brow of wrath and scorn,
(Storms adverse to the eternal calm on high!)
And ye, whose cruelty
Has sought another's harm, by fairer deed
Of heart, or hand, or intellect, aspire
To win the honest meed
Of just renown—the noble mind's desire!
Thus sweet on earth the stay!
Thus to the spirit pure, unbarr'd is Heaven's way!
My song! with courtesy, and numbers sooth,
Thy daring reasons grace,
For thou the mighty, in their pride of place,
Must woo to gentle ruth,
Whose haughty will long evil customs nurse,
Ever to truth averse!
Thee better fortunes wait,
Among the virtuous few—the truly great!
Tell them—but who shall bid my terrors cease?
Peace! Peace! on thee I call! return, O heaven-born Peace!
Dacre.
See Time, that flies, and spreads his hasty wing!
See Life, how swift it runs the race of years,
And on its weary shoulders death appears!
Now all is life and all is spring:
Think on the winter and the darker day
When the soul, naked and alone,
Must prove the dubious step, the still unknown,
Yet ever beaten way.
And through this fatal vale
Would you be wafted with some gentle gale?
Put off that eager strife and fierce disdain,
Clouds that involve our life's serene,
And storms that ruffle all the scene;
Your precious hours, misspent in others' pain,
On nobler deeds, worthy yourselves, bestow;
Whether with hand or wit you raise
Some monument of peaceful praise,
Some happy labour of fair love:
'Tis all of heaven that you can find below,
And opens into all above.Dopo una lunga assenza, oltre trenta anni,
Sono tornato dai penati per visitare la regione
E i cugini che non c'erano allora.
È stato un piacere rivedere la mia città con passione.
La sera arrivò, dopo un'importante riunione
Di famiglia.Era tempo di riposare sul divano
Chi mi ha ricordato la mia infanzia in questa casa.
Dopo il primo lungo sonno, ho ascoltato il vento
E le onde del mare in una coppia serafica. Lo ero
Trasportato da questa melodia dove mi sono sentito in pace.
Ero immerso, sepolto in un sogno taumaturgico.
Potrei guardare le onde del mare di Anse d'Hainault,
Che ha ispessito i granelli di sabbia. Mi sentivo a mio agio
Come un membro reale nel paradiso del cacique.
Copyright © aprile 2020, Hébert Logerie, tutti i diritti riservati.
Hébert Logerie è l'autore di diverse raccolte di poesie.È un poeta chi canta
È uno scrittore chi racconta
Le sue storie
È un autore chi si esprime
È un oratore delle più alte stime
Chi esamina le memorie.
È un uomo coraggioso chi si esternalizza
È un poeta chi analizza
Azioni, finzioni e fatti.
È un fratello chi combatte
È un soldato nel bel mezzo di una guerra
Chi predica amore e pace.
Copyright © Maggio 2019, Hébert Logerie, Tutti i diritti riservati.
Hébert Logerie è l'autore di numerose raccolte di poesie.Love hath a chamber all of imagery;
And there is one dim nook,
A little storied web wherein my heart
From leaf to leaf is read as in a book.
One part in the middle of the web begun and left unfinished;
a face with ravelled threads falling over it and hiding it. Love says
that the time has come to resume and finish this part of the web,
though much has come between since it was begun.
For the garlands of heaven were all laid by,
And the Daylight sucked at the breasts of a Lie.
The wounded heart and the dying swan
Were side by side
Where the rushes coil with the turn of the tide—
The hart and the swan.
Withinthose eyes the sedulous yearning throe,
And all the evil of my heart
A thousand times forgotten.
Ah if you had been lost for many years,
And from the dead to-day were risen again!Da jeg imorges aabnede mit Öie
da hopped Spurven glad paa törre Tage,
som glimted rödere i Morgenröde.
Den qviddrede og kaldte paa sin Mage;
og sölvblaae Buen hvaltes i det Höie
og Lærkens Slag fra Voldens Kroner löde.
De bæved mig imöde,
og toned: Du idag din Ven skal skue!
Da sprang jeg op og stirred over Byen,
henrykt i Sölverskyen,
mens Solen steeg ud af sin Rosenlue.
Og Lærken slog igien fra Voldens Kroner,
og Elskov bæved i dens Trylletoner.
En stor, en hellig Aand usynlig vanker
i al Naturens vidtudstrakte Egne
og vækker Anelser om Livets Glæde.
Ak! Længsel lærte disse Kinder blegne,
adskilt fra den for hvem mit Hierte banker,
for hvem jeg kun kan sukke ömt og græde.
Hvi fyldte stille Glæde
mit Bryst idag, da Solen röd sig velted?
Det giorde han, den Helligaand, som bringer,
paa lette Zephyrvinger
de Fölelser, som har mit Hierte smeltet.
Det giorde han, den uskyldsrene Due,
som svæver over os paa Himlens Bue.
En grusom Skiebne kold sit Jerngitter
imellem tvende unge Hierter trænger,
som Himlens Harmonier sammenslynger.
Kun sielden sig det drukne Öie hænger
paa elskte Gienstand; ved den svage Cither
kun fiernt han mig sin höie Længsel synger.
Idag Naturen slynger
sin Rosenkrands hen paa vor mörke Bane.
I Skovens Tempel skal jeg Ludvig skue,
ved Maanens Altarlue.
Det lærte Elskovs Aand mig tidlig ane.
Naar Tumlens Glædeskrig sig hisset hæve
skal taust i Lunden tvende Hierter bæve.Mi sono svegliato questa mattina con la metà della canzone nella mia testa
mi rammento, ho sognato te - sì, quelle erano le tue labbra
e le mani! e il naso! le orecchie! - e potrei scrivere una canzone
una canzone  al'quanto terribile, dignitosa ed affascinante
ad esempio,  di un' uomo  morto nel sonno, baciandoti
ma io non so come  riversare i tuoi occhi nelle parole
‘sti occhi terribili che mi fanno dividere sempre in due
a me che morirei per loro
ed a me che morirei senza di loro
- occhi, dinanzi ai quali nessuna canzone
sarà mai cantata fino alla fineSølvbæk! I Bølger milde!
Hvor hendes hulde Lemmer
Fandt Roe, den skiønneste, den elskte Pige;
Green! hvor hun hvile vilde,
Ak aldrig jeg det glemmer!
Du grønne Støtte! for den Elskelige;
Blomster! som Kiolens Flige
Har giemt, som sødt blev baaret
Hvor Englebarmen svulmed;
Hellige Luft! som ulmed
Mens giennem dig det hulde Blik mig saared;
Ak laaner hver sit Øre,
Min sidste sørgelige Sang at høre.
Vil Skiebnen aldrig smile,
Vil Gud sig ey forbarme,
Og slukker Elskovstaaren Øiets Lue,
Da lad mit Legem hvile
I Eders hulde Arme,
Naar Sielen hist sit Hiem skal atter skue,
Da kan ey Døden kue,
Naar i de dunkle Egne,
Mens dette Haab mig glæder,
Jeg uforfærdet træder.
Thi intet bedre Sted kan Læben blegne.
Og ingen Grav saa sødt og stille giemmer
De trætte Been, de kraftesløse Lemmer.
Snart vil herhid hun vandre
Ad vante Vey tilbage,
Den Vilde, Blide. Ja det vil sig føye!
Hvor først vi saae hverandre,
Den helligste blandt Dage,
Der vil hun kaste hen sit skiønne Øye;
Og — Fader i det Høye!
Kun finde Støv bag Fliser.
Da vil sig Hiertet lukke
For Elskov op, og sukke
Saa sødt til Gud, at han mig Naade viser.
Fromt vil hun ham paakalde,
Mens Taarene paa Sølversløret falde.
Ned fra de skiønne Grene,
Erindring o du søde!
En Blomster-Regn i hendes Skiød nedilte.
Hun sad saa ydmygt, ene,
I Skiønheds Morgenrøde,
Bedækket med de fine Løv og smilte.
Eet Løv paa Kiolen hvilte,
Eet funklende sig hæved,
Af gyldne Lokker fundet,
Med klare Perler bundet;
Eet laae paa Jorden, Eet i Vandet bæved,
Eet syntes huldt at sige
Med vildsom Svæven: Her er Elskovs Rige!
Hvor ofte da, med Sukken,
Jeg høist forundret sagde:
Ved Gud! hun har i Paradiset hiemme.
Saa vidt, af Elskov drukken,
Mig hendes Miner bragde,
Det Blik, det søde Smiil, den hulde Stemme.
Alt kom mig til at glemme
Det skiønne Virkelige,
Saa selv jeg spørge kunde:
Naar kom du hid? Hvorlunde?
Jeg var i Himlen, ey paa Jorderige.
Fra den Tid disse Steder
Mit elskovsfude Hierte ene glæder.
Hvis Skiønhed du, min Sang! besad som Villie,
Du kunde dristigt vove
At gaae til Folket, fra de dunkle Skove.Ridonsi donne e giovani amorosi
M' occostandosi attorno, e perche scrivi,
Perche tu scrivi in lingua ignota e strana
Verseggiando d'amor, e conie t'osi ?
Dinne, se la tua speme sia mai vana
E de pensieri lo miglior t' arrivi;
Cosi mi van burlando, altri rivi
Altri lidi t' aspettan, & altre onde
Nelle cui verdi sponde
Spuntati ad hor, ad hor a la tua chioma
L'immortal guiderdon d 'eterne frondi
Perche alle spalle tue soverchia soma?
Canzon dirotti, e tu per me rispondi
Dice mia Donna, e'l suo dir, e il mio cuore
Questa e lingua di cui si vanta Amore.They mock my toil--the nymphs and am'rous swains--
And whence this fond attempt to write, they cry,
Love-songs in language that thou little know'st?
How dar'st thou risque to sing these foreign strains?
Say truly. Find'st not oft thy purpose cross'd,
And that thy fairest flow'rs, Here, fade and die?
Then with pretence of admiration high--
Thee other shores expect, and other tides,
Rivers on whose grassy sides
Her deathless laurel-leaf with which to bind
Thy flowing locks, already Fame provides;
Why then this burthen, better far declin'd?
Speak, Canzone! for me.--The Fair One said who guides
My willing heart, and all my Fancy's flights,
'This is the language in which Love delights.'Amor se vuvi ch'i torni al giogo antico.
--P.2. C.2.
AWAY , proud boy, away! thou canst not harm;
Seize not thy unstrung bow, nor aim thv dart,
Void is thy quiver, nerveless is thine arm,
Vanish'd thy cruel empire o'er my heart:
No more a mighty god
Art thou, whose sov'reign nod
To worlds can woes and terrors wild impart;
No more I bend and weep before thy throne,
And sigh my soul away, unheeded and alone.
Hence, tyrant urchin, hence! and humbly lay
At the cold foot of death thy broken bow;
Death's iron hand has borne thy torch away,
Death! mightier Death! proud victor, binds thee low.
A feeble child thou art,
And aim'st a pointless dart.
Arm'd by despair, my bosom dares the blow!--
Thy baby archery I laugh to scorn--
Away! and leave me here, my liberty to mourn.
Or, if once more thou wouldst me of thy train,
Seek thou my treasure in the earth laid low;
And if it be that thy unbounded reign
O'er Heaven extends, and o'er th' abyss below,
Burst thou the sacred tomb,
That clasp'd in early bloom
The form to which alone my soul could bow!
Wrest thou from death the prize he bore away,
And in her charms resume thy universal sway.
Hang on that brow the same sad pensive weight,
Then wake the smile that might awake the dead,
Bright as the glittering beam of orient light
Breaks o'er a weeping sky when storms are fled!
And breathe those sounds again,
Thrilling thro' every vein,
Sounds that to thoughts of Heaven the fancy led,
While the rapt soul hung fondly on each note,
Which on the ear, when past, long sweetly seem'd to float.
And those luxuriant locks with art controll'd,
In glossy braids around her temples bind,
Now in an envious net of twisted gold
Be all their waving glories close confin'd;
Now loose from every band,
With sly and sportive hand
Toss them in ringlets on the wanton wind,
Then bind me, gazing, to thy car again,
And I will kiss my bonds, and hug once more my chain.From The Italian Of Dante
I.
Ye who intelligent the Third Heaven move,
Hear the discourse which is within my heart,
Which cannot be declared, it seems so new.
The Heaven whose course follows your power and art,
Oh, gentle creatures that ye are! me drew,
And therefore may I dare to speak to you,
Even of the life which now I live--and yet
I pray that ye will hear me when I cry,
And tell of mine own heart this novelty;
How the lamenting Spirit moans in it, 10
And how a voice there murmurs against her
Who came on the refulgence of your sphere.
II.
A sweet Thought, which was once the life within
This heavy heart, man a time and oft
Went up before our Father’s feet, and there
It saw a glorious Lady throned aloft;
And its sweet talk of her my soul did win,
So that I said, ‘Thither I too will fare.’
That Thought is fled, and one doth now appear
Which tyrannizes me with such fierce stress,
That my heart trembles--ye may see it leap--
And on another Lady bids me keep
Mine eyes, and says--Who would have blessedness
Let him but look upon that Lady’s eyes,
Let him not fear the agony of sighs.
III.
This lowly Thought, which once would talk with me
Of a bright seraph sitting crowned on high,
Found such a cruel foe it died, and so
My Spirit wept, the grief is hot even now--
And said, Alas for me! how swift could flee
That piteous Thought which did my life console!
And the afflicted one ... questioning
Mine eyes, if such a Lady saw they never,
And why they would...
I said: ‘Beneath those eyes might stand for ever
He whom ... regards must kill with...
To have known their power stood me in little stead,
Those eyes have looked on me, and I am dead.’
IV.
‘Thou art not dead, but thou hast wandered,
Thou Soul of ours, who thyself dost fret,’
A Spirit of gentle Love beside me said;
For that fair Lady, whom thou dost regret,
Hath so transformed the life which thou hast led,
Thou scornest it, so worthless art thou made.
And see how meek, how pitiful, how staid,
Yet courteous, in her majesty she is.
And still call thou her Woman in thy thought;
Her whom, if thou thyself deceivest not,
Thou wilt behold decked with such loveliness,
That thou wilt cry [Love] only Lord, lo! here
Thy handmaiden, do what thou wilt with her.
V.
My song, I fear that thou wilt find but few
Who fitly shall conceive thy reasoning
Of such hard matter dost thou entertain.
Whence, if by misadventure chance should bring
Thee to base company, as chance may do,
Quite unaware of what thou dost contain,
I prithee comfort thy sweet self again,
My last delight; tell them that they are dull,
And bid them own that thou art beautiful.Una canzone è una poesia
Con ritmi e rime
Questo sarebbe una bestemmia
Non dirlo e spiegarlo.
Una canzone è una prosa
In pausa
Intermittenza
Con diversi ritmi.
Una canzone ti fa ballare
Una poesia ti fa sognare
E una prosa ti aiuta ad esaminare.
Una poesia è una prosa classica
Con parole armonizzati
Con rime e versi ben calcolate
Una poesia è davvero fantastico.
Una canzone ti fa vivere
Una poesia ti fa rivivere
E la prosa ti aiuta a sopravvivere.
Copyright © dicembre 2016 Logerie Hébert, Tutti i diritti riservati
Hebert Logerie è autore di numerose raccolte di poesie.Canzonetta about tatting in my Sexaholic Shopaholic Workaholic series
-Gayathri B. Seetharam
The canzonetta follows the rhyme scheme ababcdcD; efefgdgD and is in the form of two octaves made up of a quatrain of alternating rhyme (Poetry Forms) .
As with the abstract concept of Plato's Theory of Forms, the Sexaholic in me takes on an artistic self also
I end up exploring beatific forms of creative expression
These please the aesthetic self in me as well
I have done painting, batik, embroidery, crochet, etc
And if tatting clicks in me
I shall cajole the DICK - Daring Intense Creative Keenness into my presence
If the Shopaholic in me says that testing out the Crick and Watson double helical structure of DNA is in the horizon with single strands of DNA
I am glad that watching the entertaining TV children's show, Life with Derek, days are over for both my son and I;
I belong to the tatting elite because I have 2 shuttles, a picot gauge and tatting needles
It is going to be quite the feat to make my son's name and a flower
I shall become the erudite in tatting for there are no alphabets in my design book or helpful Pinterest images
And I am going to have a fete tatting away
My design shall have the definition of a poetical technique in Poets Garrett
I am reminded of the date I had earlier this summer for a night and a day embroidering with the needle and thread
I had a positive ball for I had a great time
And I must add that unlike ladies like Dwight Eisenhower's mother who had seven sons, I have the drive and energy to engage in hair brained projects.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Please note: I have published my finished tatting project on Linked In under my name and Posts.The
Canzonetta
For
Easter
Is
A
Wonderful
Canzonetta
With
A
Beautiful
Melody
Easter
Is here again
And it
Is
The beginning
Of
SpringIt rains outside the windows (verlainesque
Rain, if not in in my heart:
My heart ran somewhere else one day in search
Of other songs to start)
It rains outside the windows (melancholic
Rain which in certain ways is quite poetic
-But nonetheless prosaic, or symbolic...)
It rains and rains no more....Rain is splenetic.
I never figured how to watch such rain
Tracing the pane - tranced in philosophy-
More often than not it fell upon my (blonde
till they left) locks...- a trance of atrophy-
It rains outside the windows. I smoke. I write.
The windows wall me off from the urbane
Traffickings....And I'm a lascivious
Bird clamped inside my cage. Always in vain.
It rains outside the windows (verlainesque
Rain, if not in in my heart)
My heart ran off- capricious thing!-
After some silly song to sing
Not rhyming and not reasoning,
With neither whole nor part.
Translated by A.Z. Foreman(after Sir Thomas Wyatt)
She whom once did me seek flee away
and it is somewhat kind of strange to me
that something did change and she cannot stay
as if I have some kind of iniquity
while she hides behind a sweet kind of guise
and it is very strange this sad awakening
comes as a sudden kind of dim surprise
as there is much pain in the forsaking
and in the morning’s bright new day
she does continually want to be free
even the kind of music that she plays
has a kind of rebellion that I see,
when I do touch her, her arm hairs do rise
and all of this has me worried and thinking,
makes me cry right up to the red sunrise,
as there is much pain in the forsaking
and I will have her right back if I may
but that is not how things are going to be
while to another lover she is set to stray,
want to make me for her sake feel guilty
and to want her back, to stay is unwise
but terribly my heart keeps on aching
and of her intents I can just surmise,
as there is much pain in the forsaking.I'm always getting this junky mail
plopping through the door
inviting me to a 'car boot sale' -
but I never wear boots in the car!A car is a car
If it can ride you nearby or far
A car is a car
When it gets you in time to the bar
A car is a car
When you are addressed as Madam or Sir
But for some
A car is not just a car
It is a home
After a daylight roam
It is a home
After a nightly roam
Kind of like a homelessness
Reoccurring syndrome
Now give me any banger of a car
I'll give it hotly showers of a sauna
Play sweet tunes to it from a guitar
By the time you watch me stand by it
And pose with an exotic cigar
Waiting to take you out to dinar
You may even prefer it to a modernised jaguar
You see, to me
A car is just a car
Be it in a new silver shining coat
Or one decorated with tarnished scars
The simple reality
Is they all have similar
Passenger capacity
Whether be it a personalised 8 seater stretch limousine
Or a Ferrari with an exploding roaring engine
A car is a car
A vehicle of motion
A medium of transportation
Even when it shows signs of erosion
As long as it can move from junction to junction
I personally sanction
A car is just a car
Copyright 2006 - Sylvia Chidi
www.sylviachidi.co.uk
Che ck out my latest 'Justice & If I were a girl'A car is a car.Two days ago while Ringo was crossing the street into the sidewalk Suddenly a careless driver ran over the little kitten Ringo,        His mom called Possy did not about that accident, but                She gave birth to four little kittens in the same day Ringo had that Accident,                                                           Possy cared about Ringo, but                                         His fate was not a matter of questioning,                               We all felt sorry for Ringo's death, but                            We can not do anything,                                             Ringo rests in his tomb for ever, so                                 No fear about him anymore.The rain's cold grains are silver-gray
Sharp as golden sands,
A bell is clanging, people sway
Hanging by their hands.
Supple hands, or gnarled and stiff,
Snatch and catch and grope;
That face is yellow-pale, as if
The fellow swung from rope.
Dull like pebbles, sharp like knives,
Glances strike and glare,
Fingers tangle, Bluebeard's wives
Dangle by the hair.
Orchard of the strangest fruits
Hanging from the skies;
Brothers, yet insensate brutes
Who fear each other's eyes.
One man stands as free men stand,
As if his soul might be
Brave, unbroken; see his hand
Nailed to an oaken tree.A fun fill ride it was
though it scare the hell out of us
Bumping up and down in the car
Stopping and going so suddenly
But still fun we had though
you can hear swearing everywhere
Everyone swearing i would not
get in the car again if there a next time
Lucky it was late late in the night
and not many cars in sight
most lucky no police car  (hehehe)
and we did all got back safe and soundThe simple joys of life are nicer
A rose, a rain or a river
They're natural thus beautiful
Uncorrupted, pristine, eternal
They're the life and so pure
To any mental ailing perfect cure.
The cashew nut, the cigar, the car
In the hands of a dictator they affiliate more.
Artificiality and sophistry
In revival of fortunes they cause only melancholy
At last beyond the influence
They 're confined, socio phobic, so artificial
All true pleasures, delight, happiness of life forever denied.I knew that
was a slow car
because it was not
going fast
see the snail trail
S shaped wandering
all over the road
see the knuckles
gripping the wheel
straight rigid ram rod
driving positionHe spoke of Burns: men rude and rough
Pressed round to hear the praise of one
Whose heart was made of manly, simple stuff,
As homespun as their own.
And, when he read, they forward leaned,
Drinking, with thirsty hearts and ears,
His brook-like songs whom glory never weaned
From humble smiles and tears.
Slowly there grew a tender awe,
Sun-like, o'er faces brown and hard,
As if in him who read they felt and saw
Some presence of the bard.
It was a sight for sin and wrong
And slavish tyranny to see,
A sight to make our faith more pure and strong
In high humanity.
I thought, these men will carry hence
Promptings their former life above,
And something of a finer reverence
For beauty, truth, and love.
God scatters love on every side
Freely among his children all,
And always hearts are lying open wide,
Wherein some grains may fall.
There is no wind but soweth seeds
Of a more true and open life,
Which burst, unlooked for, into high-souled deeds,
With wayside beauty rife.
We find within these souls of ours
Some wild germs of a higher birth,
Which in the poet's tropic heart bear flowers
Whose fragrance fills the earth.
Within the hearts of all men lie
These promises of wider bliss,
Which blossom into hopes that cannot die,
In sunny hours like this.
All that hath been majestical
In life or death, since time began,
Is native in the simple heart of all,
The angel heart of man.
And thus, among the untaught poor,
Great deeds and feelings find a home,
That cast in shadow all the golden lore
Of classic Greece and Rome.
O mighty brother-soul of man,
Where'er thou art, in low or high,
Thy skyey arches with exulting span
O'er-roof infinity!
All thoughts that mould the age begin
Deep down within the primitive soul,
And from the many slowly upward win
To one who grasps the whole:
In his wide brain the feeling deep
That struggled on the many's tongue
Swells to a tide of thought, whose surges leap
O'er the weak thrones of wrong.
All thought begins in feeling,-wide
In the great mass its base is hid,
And, narrowing up to thought, stands glorified,
A moveless pyramid.
Nor is he far astray, who deems
That every hope, which rises and grows broad
In the world's heart, by ordered impulse streams
From the great heart of God.
God wills, man hopes: in common souls
Hope is but vague and undefined,
Till from the poet's tongue the message rolls
A blessing to his kind.
Never did Poesy appear
So full of heaven to me, as when
I saw how it would pierce through pride and fear
To the lives of coarsest men.
It may be glorious to write
Thoughts that shall glad the two or three
High souls, like those far stars that come in sight
Once in a century;-
But better far it is to speak
One simple word, which now and then
Shall waken their free nature in the weak
And friendless sons of men;
To write some earnest verse or line,
Which, seeking not the praise of art,
Shall make a clearer faith and manhood shine
In the untutored heart.
He who doth this, in verse or prose,
May be forgotten in his day,
But surely shall be crowned at last with those
Who live and speak for aye.The railroad dick looked straight at him, eyes unwavering, beady-eyed, menacing, and Harry counted his change to see if there was enough for a bribe; searched his thoughts for an escape route, but he was not as young as he used to be and the dick was young, legs like a deer.
He tussled Barney’s hair and said:
“Go there in that thar car and wait for me, got to dump the dick. Wait for my whistle.”
Barney looked up him hesitantly and Harry stammered hoarsely
“Go! ”
Barney scrambled on all fours the way Harry had taught him and quickly disappeared under cover of the dark Chicago night.
Always, the dick against the Bos, the rich against the poor was Harry’s thought, been that way since her was born, the wanders, the lose, the lose people on the road trying to find an odd job and a meal, against the railroad fat cats trying to exterminate the railroad people, who what was just trying to get by.
Harry held his breath and told himself to concentrate and finally turned back to the dick and showed himself, full on so as the dick could get a good look at him. The dick wide-eyed and incredulous stared hard at Harry surprised by the brazenness of the tramp and stood stock still for a moment, prey in the eyes of the predator.
Harry swayed a little left and then a little right like a running back taunting the linebacker, which way boy, am I going to bolt, which way is the question. Harry feinted a dash to the right and the dick crouched right ready for the chase, Harry smiled and then feinted to the left, testing the dick’s reflexes. The dick danced to the left enjoying the thrilling moment before the chase.
Harry guessed Barney had had time to secure himself in the car and then dashed straight toward the dick, who was thoroughly surprised and steeled himself for what he thought would be a crash between the two men. But Harry at the last minute slanted right allowing the dick to remain close behind but not enough to lay hand on him.
He headed for track 13 for the Great Northern line car.
The dick was breathing behind him; Harry could hear his labored breaths, close enough but not close enough to grab, what was what Harry wanted.
He hit the Northern line yard and saw number 13 looming. The dick was laughing behind him yelping with the sheer joy of it all, feeling he had Harry cornered because the Northern lot was a closed in one, a big wall in the back, a closed station and of course cars, most closed.
But Harry was aiming toward 13 and left up into the car and waited for the dick to catch up and see him. Harry looked down at the man’s heaving chest smiling his best Harry smile.
To be ContinuedSuddenly accelerating the running state
The leaders unexpectedly braked hard
As they treat it a bus old and unrepaired
The passengers like citizens got jerked
Some died, some wounded, some injured
Fortunately the state was not crushed
But stopped partly for a few days
The citizens sighed through sufferings.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza |12/11/2016I wanted a car when I wearied of walking.
With savings in hand, I left home to peruse.
The dealer was helpful, bright-eyed and fast-talking.
He offered two models from which I could choose.
The first looked immaculate, surfaces gleaming,
compared to the other, defaced by a scratch.
"The price is the same", said the car dealer, beaming.
I deemed him unscheming, so asked "What's the catch"?
He mumbled and hemmed as he opened each bonnet.
I missed all his words, for the squeak of the hood.
While first engine, seamless, had no mark upon it,
the other was patchwork of iron and wood.
The first car, he promised, would cause me no worry,
the makers long trusted with local renown.
He offered a test drive, said "No need to hurry,
as long as you stay within limits of town".
I took up the offer and signed on a paper.
The engine was purring and swift to respond.
But being a person who's fond of a caper,
I passed the town's limits and ventured beyond.
From then on the engine desisted from purring.
It coughed a smoke hairball and came to a halt.
The dealer arrived with a tow-truck, incurring
a fee charged to me since he judged it my fault.
He frowned and seemed puzzled, said "If you must ramble,
the other car's needed for leaving our town.
I have to inform, you'd be taking a gamble.
It's not a smooth ride and it sometimes breaks down".
I nodded and said "I accept the conditions",
then paid him in dollars and signed in the space.
And that was beginning of my expeditions
which took me here, there and all over the place.
The dealer told true, there are frequently glitches
with rattles and rumbles and things that go ping.
Mechanics repair it with staples and stitches,
or bright shiny gadgets or widgets or string.
I sometimes pass towns where the locals are driving
their own perfect models which never give strife.
Though bound to their towns, they appear to be thriving,
but this car will do, for a wandering life.Cars and donkey carts, dust and noise, heat and mob
of humanity in a narrow street...Shoving and pushing
yet affable, of peoples who share a common bond.
A sharp flash that for a moment blinds the sun, then
the blast of an explosion, a shocked silence one can
hear a ticking clock, miles away.
Ambulance, police, screams and blood, when chaos
has abated, what’s left in the street are sandals that
belonged to those in the morgue...Walls of white surround
Constant beeping is the only sound
Can’t move, I cry out in pain
Then they sedate me again
Lights are flashing
The ambulance is arriving
I can see the sympathetic looks of the crowd
My eyes close, and I pass out
I’m flying backward
A door bends inward
There’s a deafening sound in my ear
The car is impossible to steer
“Watch out! ” I scream
But my dad did not heed
My cry, he just drove ahead
To the crash that awaited
We were on the way
On the road for the day
Driving to the end of the path
With a weeks worth of luggage in tow
“Are you ready? Let’s go! ”
My dad’s face glowed
As we ran out the door
Hoping excitement was in storeI close my eyes
And it pops in my head
Now im wishing i was dead
For all i hear is hold on
Whike the white flys far
I cant think or breath
I cant even move my feet
The pain shoots through me
While my organs bleed
I guess you never know
When im going to leave
Now i no longer want to sleep
For as far as i can see
You already did the dirty deed
Now im stuck right here
In the pain of this day
Police lights
Oil leaks
I guess its a surprise
That we are even alive.June-July with its divine hues comes every year;
Bringing car festival of its kind very rare,
Heaven of earth as people call it is Puri Dham,
Becomes lively, vibrant and colourful,
When Gods from heaven up above
Descend here to share joys with devotees so rare.
Three deities in three colourful and huge wooden Chariots;
Thousands of people pulling them to a distance of three furlongs,
From Srimandira to Gundicha Temple under scorching sun,
Ecstatic are devotees beating sun and pulling chariots,
And screaming Oh Lord, stay with us, don't go away,
Let thy presence be always felt by us and not shine away,
And the Chariots roll down the grand road to destination not far away.
Millions of pilgrims throng the grand road;
To have darshan (Holy view)   of our beloved lords,
Passing by in Chariots, touching our body, mind and soul,
Cleansing thousand births' sins just on viewing our Lords,
Devotees beating drums, dancing, singing in praise of Gods,
And the air filled with divine ecstasies, loves and sounds of choirs,
Seemingly mesmerizing Gods in heaven up above,
To descend on hallowed grand road to mingle with devotees-behold.
Embrace all, enthral all, love all and mingle with all;
Irrespective of castes, creeds and religions,
Our lords are symbolic of Brahma, Bishnu and Maheswara,
Stand for Sanatana Dharma as universal God or religion,
They are Lord Jagannath, Lord Balabhadra and Goddess Subhadra,
Adoring the Chariots over the grand road pulled toward destination,
And as life's chariot o'er Time's grand road is drawn,
Our Lord Jagannath knows the way and destination,
While the rumbling wheels go on.Car is here and I am in the car
Car is here and car is within me
Car is useless if I left the car
Car is here and I am going and coming.
Neither the car nor I
Who can be termed self-sufficient
Inter-linking system is there
And I trust the car being my best friend.Car is taking me,
whose car? I feel
not necessary to know,
it is not mine, I am sure.
To truth, I want to go,
with the car but where the truth is,
that is not known to me,
and the car is taking me on its own.
Is the car under my control?
I am putting this question to myself
and the car is dithering
and the company is taking steps
for servicing and replacing the parts
damaged so far.Combination of attractive physique and comfort
a medium of connectivity and economic growth
a mixture of technical innovation& development
undoubtedly owner’s pride and little bit matter of envy.
Numerous  design, make, color and shine
Automatic system make it more attractive
Huge space inside give feeling of comfort
Forced to say I should have company of car.
Car is a time saving medicine, which is need of the hour
One city to another city, even one country to another country
Play important role in tourism of country
Of course car relate to economic growth.
From noise   to noise free car
From hand to automatic and remote control system
From heated and low speed to air-condition and high speed car
A result of technical know and development.
It’s owner always feel themselves special
Keep body and mind refresh as well as active
Still many don’t have car comfort
Car is a symbol & status of hi-fi society.Four wheels to take you anywhere.
Upon it you bestow loving care.
But woe be tide,
if anything goes wrong.
Its grace falls foul,
and you sing another song.
Just like a woman,
I’ve often heard this said.
For on frosty nights,
you’ve got to wrap it up warm for bed.
14 Nov 1978some people male female
get out of cars slam doors
like throwing heavy boulders
the entire car shock wave rocks
goes through surprised heads
like elephants crushing egg shells
zen is tranquil quiet calm patient
sudden head bouncing on shoulders
earth is like this when nuclear tests
massive are exploded beneath surface
shock waves ripple in ground swells
earth quiet tested in ant mind experiments
relax rocked people car door is still on hinges
it is not nuclear tests just slamming doors
Copyright © Terence George CraddockEvery morning I have to drive towards the sun
just as the sun is about to rise.
You pull down the car sun visor,
but it is always too short
and the sun gets in your eyes.
You cannot see the road ahead,
just yellow blobs before your eyes.
You keep blinking until they fade away.
One day I wish car manufactures
would road test their cars in the morning sun.
They then might make
the car sun visors a little larger
to stop the sun getting in your eyes.
11 February 2008Drivin' away in my automobile,
taking a corner a little too fast
chuckling loudly about the great deal
300 horses oh what a sweet blast.
Coppers are hanging on to my tail,
ought to be chasin' the crooks in town,
planting my foot, stay out of jail
what's going up surely comes down.
God gave me this Daimler Benz
ain't my corned beef if laws of the land
do not conform, I have great friends,
up there in heaven where Jesus blends
fuel made for racing, sends it to me
nothing they have will keep up the pace.
I will prevail,  be homebound  for tea
pigs of the world, give up your chase.
Drivin'   away in my automobile
writing my laws as I want them to read,
no one but I would know how to steal
modern fast cars, it's a definite need.Once apon a time, long, long ago
Daddy's car broke down when he bumped into a doe.
Mummy got her mobile, and called it to get towed
But when the fella came he said it was too big a load.
Brother bought an Ipod and listened all the while
Sister in the back put all her toys into a pile.
Daddy had a little fight with big man with a truck,
Mummy held a little tight to sisters toy pet duck.
Brother started singing when his favorite tune came on,
Daddy got a bruise when he said big man wieghed a tonne.
Mummy in the back looking for a big band-aid,
Sister saying help as she got on her knees and prayed.
i live in a family of nuts, so what more can i say
Other than i was surprised when that dead doe ran away.Well, I should be sittin in an air conditioned office in a swivel chair
Talkin some trash to the secretaries
Sayin, here, now mama, come on over here.
Come summer the work gets kind a hard
This ain't no place to be if ya planned on being a star.
Let me tell you it's always cool
And the boss don't mind sometimes if ya act a fool.
Did a dentist named Dr. George Trusty could have done it?
Did dentist don the disco dance that put Brandy Fanning singin’ the blues?
Did the dentist know what has he done, his moves of body that do not quite fit,
His moves that would jeopardize his patients health as I heard today on the news?
Croce wouldn’t have done this, neither Rose Royce,
Kickin’ their songs about car washes,
But Trusty knew he had choice,
About doctoring the person in his chair,
About being serious, when you drill in to their mouth,
It is though he couldn’t care,
About his dentistry, may all his patient, beware.
He cracked a bit in nasal cavity,
He told her to sneeze,
He said something gone wrong,
She should blow out with ease.
NOT! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
It not snot! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
May Brandy get more than 600k that is hers rightly so,
May you not have a dentist tell “It’s going to be alright if you blow”.
(11-4-2007)You pull into a car park
and they spring out of nowhere.
“Do you want your car washed
while you’re doing your shopping?
We do not charge a lot.”
My answer is no.
“Sorry mate but my car is under scientific study.
I am an insect- ornithologist.
I study bird droppings and insect splatters.
I get out every night with my tweezers,
take the remaining bits off,
and put them in a specimen jar.
I am also going in for
the dirtiest car of the year award.
I have won it three times already.
So you see my car does not need a wash thank you.”
They look at me somewhat strangely
before they go on their merry way.
Therefore, the next time you pull into a car park
and someone wants to wash your car.
Just tell them you are an insect-ornithologist
engaged in a scientific study.
They will never understand what you mean.
They might think you are somewhat strange,
but you will save yourself a packet.
Now that ain’t strange, that is wise.
(22 July 2007)The most humorous
Car wreck I witnessed
Was on the old coast road.
I had returned to my cabana at dusk
After observing a hilarious shark attack
From the bluff above the beach.
The clouds were a smooch of pink.
I'd just sat down with my book,
Canterbury Tales, which
I was reading for the fourth time.
What an underrated book, I remember thinking.
Yes, I know it’s famous, but
You don’t usually find it on
Anyone’s top ten.
Not even top twenty.
You probably read it back in your
Treasure Island years.
If you read it again, I’m sure you’ll
Discover new insights swooshing off the page
Like little geysers.
Savoring the rich language that careens towards you with
Bright headlights while you’re crossing the Old Coast Road,
I’m sure you’ll move it up a few notches,
Maybe even into your twenty.The leather upholstery and walnut dash
Nothing plastic looking cheap or brash
The shiny chrome and deep rug pile
Just sitting in it brings a smile
To clean for hours on weekend day
Then fill with petrol and drive away
To country place with airs and grace
This big old beauty has such pace
To see the many admiring stares
As they hurl past in their look-alike wares
Of modern age with designer fashion
All quiet the same, but no real passion
As hobbies go its not so cheap
Yet then again the joy you reap
Makes pure indulgence so worthwhile
As the whole 4 litre echoes such style
It’s old yet ageless none the less
With uneconomical thirst and zest
Then as you drive it all the while
Consider its journey mile on mile
Throughout its years and ownerships
What places has it been?
I wonder was it loved in early days
And by its then owner cleaned
Or did the staff just do the chore
And fetch it round to large front door
With owner sitting in the back
Just being chauffeured, prestige and that!
Copyright © 2007 Ray FeaseyDon’t try to take the driver’s wheel
When someone is spinning out of control.
Just let them make their own wrong turns
And… let the wheel go!
If we’re always sitting in the drivers seat
One will never know how to drive.
Just sit and be God’s passenger…and pray
And allow that driver to drive.
They’re in the best of hands you know
God is sitting in the back.
He oversees just what we need
So just enjoy the trip…relax!
By: Linda Winchell
Copyright: 2009The price of gasoline at the pump jumped so high;
therein robbing me of my play money, forcing me to eat
peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, brown bagged
like an immature child enrolled in secondary school economics.
But being an older white male as I am, successful but
with only an average vertical jump; below that of four dollars a gallon.
I decided to turn in my gas guzzling and expensively leased SUV’s
to drive my aged mother’s old car that had been parked
as she can no longer benefit from the use of its
six cylinder and more efficient to operate, classic styling.
And when I say classic, I mean damn old.
This car is so old that in the year in which it was built
I not only had plenty of hair but my sperm count was still
much higher than the balance in my bank account.
The old car’s paint still shines like diamonds, the leather upholstery
maintains its new car smell; everything works and the engine runs well.
Driving around town with my brown bagged lunch on the
passenger’s seat, I can fully appreciate the appeal of quality
and old time luxury….and the fact that the gas gauge hardly moves…
I think back on a time when mother had two good knees,
two good hips, and two good eyes and she could drive
to the store on her own; where she could buy bread for under
a dollar a loaf, or milk for less than two dollars a gallon. Turkey
was ninety eight cents a pound and ham costs no more than Spam.
Those were the days when the dollar was worth a dollar
and a gallon of gas was cheap….before it made this crazy leap
above and beyond my ability to keep up with the Jones’s.
Reflecting on those good old days when my mom
was just mom and not some old woman who stares out the window
trying to remember where she left her keys….
I am reminded of the two lane streets with their blinking caution lights
as I now look at ten lanes of bumper to bumper, people cussing,
flipping you off at every red and slow changing traffic light
all fully equipped with a camera and a computer’s brain
that will take your picture and promptly mail it to your wife....
if that isn’t a peanut butter sandwich sitting next to you
in the front seat of your mother's old retired car….
2008 © T SheridanLike the car he drives,
He will pass you in the fast lane of life,
Like the blaring music from his car,
He loves life and a good joke,
Like the roaring engine of his car,
His temper will take off like a racer to the finish line,
With his fast car he ran straight through everyones heart,
When his engine went he went along with his fast car to heaven,
Going fast as he could down the road of eternal sleep,
While he lies in his eternal sleep never to wake his fast
car lies with him!
R.I.P Javier Solis MedinaFrom Deniliquin to Jerilderie paddocks gray and bare and brown
On to Narrandera and West Wyalong and many smaller country town,
To Forbes and Parkes and on through Dubbo, Gilgandra and Coonabarabran
Miles and miles of weary travel through the world of outback man.
On to Narribri and then to Moree on the north bound Newell highway
Through New South Wales the country's first State on a sunny April day
And we cross the Queensland border just after the sun go down
And we spend our first night in the Sunshine State in Goondiwindi Town.
Lettered signboards along the highway 'stop and rest for to survive'
From Victoria to South Queensland it's a long and tiring drive
For to see all of Australia it might take a century
It's a vast and open country and a lot of land to see.
Miles and miles of sunburnt country here and there a patch of green
Flocks of sheep and herds of cattle in the brownest land I've seen,
Kangaroos victims of traffic ravens pecking at their eyes
Here and there along the highway left as fodder for the flies.
This vast land of wondrous beauty is too big for man to tame
It's a wild and rugged country for want of a better name
Just a small part of Australia but the journey seems quite far
If you travel from Victoria to south Queensland in a car.
From the wooded hills of Sherbrooke to Echuca's border Town
On through New South Wales and northwards though a country wild and brown
On beyond South Queensland border to rest after tiring day
Just a small part of Australia but it seems a long, long way.There are ghosts inside of the engine of my car
And while I am driving my car
I hear some funny noises that the engine of my car is makingCome you, cartoonists,
Hang on a strap with me here
At seven o’clock in the morning
On a Halsted street car.
Take your pencils
And draw these faces.
Try with your pencils for these crooked faces,
That pig-sticker in one corner—his mouth—
That overall factory girl—her loose cheeks.
Find for your pencils
A way to mark your memory
Of tired empty faces.
After their night’s sleep,
In the moist dawn
And cool daybreak,
Faces
Tired of wishes,
Empty of dreams.Exceptions are there are none.
Why there are none but after that being done unto me even the headlong car is not feared, my race was half ran before it was over.
As for fear of rape inside by men is it different than for woman?
Which is Kanpuu who is it to know and blows time over everything;
As for the body left by they whom know to wander aimlessly for there transgressions in my mind, unorthodox never to walk the road.
Of the sand which you can stoop down to gather up through open hands, independently through the pine forest.
My road was not of such to rise to the road which crosses over the mountain of which becomes bald.
Forever is ever when that aluminum of the mouth, there is no I,
that person looking at it that it rises to my your the one.
When never to open the door to the knock, spearing the throat there is no pointed razor which eats off the pasture.
The rear seat of fear,
and the front of the car can be dark each aspect of both applying, haunted house of the sky and others farming it out and others as for the key which makes sucking wet sounds snake' You like;
The warning is.
I have fear of that person of no smile.I have bought this car
By my own money
I am driving my own car
Under the control of material nature.
My wife my son my daughter
All are here helping me
In this life-driving, my dear
Let me be a free driver.
O my dear, You have given me the licence
To drive this car here and there
You have given me the chance
To fight with water and fire.
I know it is I who is responsible for the accident if any
I know my car my licence are subject to seize for reckless drive.I ran my car into God today;
I thought I had the right of way.
He says He’s suing after all;
Can you believe the Almighty gall.
“What happened to your spiel on Love? ”
“Not right now, Ms. Gilles Villeneuve!
I’ve been trying to get your whole attention;
I’m tired of your so-called good intention! ”
But I have things to do, a schedule to keep;
That Sunday check, it is not cheap!
Clients, family, even a yard,
And a shoddy attempt to be a bard.
But He tells me He’s feeling quite neglected;
Always the last one to be selected.
So I’m thinking “a little TLC”
And, just maybe, I could go scott-free.
I suggest coffee in a couple of days.
“I’m giving up caffeine! ”, so He says.
“So, what are my options? ” I almost yell.
“I thought you’d never ask to tell.
Take Me with you. I’ll ride along! ”
“A ride along? Now that's just wrong!
Will You pick the radio stations too? ”
“Is that too much to ask of you? ”
I threatened I would write about this…
“Go ahead! Won’t be your first hit-and-miss! ”
“Alright! Alright! Just come along,
But don’t say much and don’t sing that song! ”
So in order to prevent litigation,
I’m taking Him along…even on vacation!If my body was a car,
I'd trade it in for a newer model.
For I think I need a towbar,
From the dents I've endured in battle.
My paint job is a little dull,
My headlights are out of focus.
I'm no longer very mobile,
My body's an old aged carcass.
My bodywork's full of varicose scratches,
I'm in need of cosmetic work.
My brakes make nasty screeches,
That stops me with a jerk.
My traction is not as graceful,
I slip and slide and skid.
I have to drive quite careful,
Never mind what weather I'm in.
It takes me hours to reach a speed,
My fuel rate burns inefficiently.
I need some TLC to succeed,
And nice accessories that are costly.
Every time I sneeze or cough,
My radiator leaks.
My exhaust backfires a lot,
And my tires now tend to squeak.
Yes, if my body was a car,
I'd trade it in for sure.
I think I'd choose a jaguar,
With a body all slick and grandeur!I don’t know sh^t: I studied enough to learn
The job,
But I forgot everything:
In the new continent where I watched my peers
Kill Christians;
But all I killed was a dancing chicken,
And the trees went forever upwards, haven’t
Being used: Fry the meat, live in waddle and daub,
Steal the girl: get a good paying job,
Tie your shoes:
This is what they sang to me from their cars,
Going up the hills with ease, graveyard shopping,
going fast and clean
And surreal, Catholic injuns- the feather light professional Christians
With new tongues and tickets to ride the ski lift:
Odin said kill them all, but
All I could do was fall in love with her at the university.
I lived in a hole like a rabbit:
I had a red lizard’s soul, and I sharpened my knife
On her wet stone heart,
But she was thoroughly petrified and I broke my
Gift on her and it didn‘t come back,
Like a dog would, or that careless, captured sea:
I wrote a worthy thesis and climbed some mountains
As an exegesis, and no one cared:
They moved in together and shared, and I lived in my
Hole in the earth, strange erotic dreams of bright teal
Tennis courts where my papers flew like late blooming  moths:
All over the place, restive and reasoning under her leaping tennis skirts.
The housewives loved me, molted the exoskeletons
Of their insouciant habits: Those auto grazers
Were giant and had so many legs, and ate themselves
With afforested tongue, and then laughed about it
Going to the tanning salon in their blazers:
She changed her name and forgot how I’d showed her
The tattoo south of my navel I got in Spain:
I forgot everything I learned about her,
My comrades forsaking me thinking I was dead,
A consumptive pickle-faced Mary Jane, I drank alone in my
Pine-needle bed- my toes peeking out of the covers to
Check the weather, and continued to worship the reindeers I could
No longer raise with my impotent necromancy
Stuffing my head.The eyelids meet. He'll catch a little nap.
The grizzled, crew-cut head drops to his chest.
It shakes above the briefcase on his lap.
Close voices breathe, "Poor sweet, he did his best."
"Poor sweet, poor sweet," the bird-hushed glades repeat,
Through which in quiet pomp his litter goes,
Carried by native girls with naked feet.
A sighing stream concurs in his repose.
Could he but think, he might recall to mind
The righteous mutiny or sudden gale
That beached him here; the dear ones left behind . . .
So near the ending, he forgets the tale.
Were he to lift his eyelids now, he might
Behold his maiden porters, brown and bare.
But even here he has no appetite.
It is enough to know that they are there.
Enough that now a honeyed music swells,
The gentle, mossed declivities begin,
And the whole air is full of flower-smells.
Failure, the longed-for valley, takes him in.inside the car one rainy day
one sees the scattering of people
who do not have anything
tears fall on your cheeks thinking
that you are miserable
you finally wipe them and look
at those other miseries of
children pushing carts to
hide their wares
of drivers looking
for their hard earned money
of women disappointed for
loss of customers
tonight
this damn rainy day that finally
gives you the comfort that
at least despite all your
self-invented sorrows
your
own chaos
you are still one
God damn lucky guySo, it’s just a silly car wash?
My friend, it’s so much more!
It’s an opportunity to help—
A noble cause now at your door.
You say she’s not that dirty
And that you can’t afford to stop;
I say just think of the purpose
And let us wash her, bottom to top.
Let the volunteers of this good cause
Wash away the filth and slime.
Would you give a nice donation?
Would you make a little time?
Remember, Jesus taught us
“’Tis better to give than receive.”
May we wash your car today?
Help us, our goal to achieve.To the memory of the Rhodesian Helicopter Pilots and
the 20mm cannon Gunner.Two men one helicopter;
known as K-car…..Killer-car.
A formidable force in the Rhodesian Bush War.
RHODESIAN K-CAR
‘Chopper’ pilot calmness,
Cannon gunner’s skill,
Two minds in perfect harmony,
Flew in now for the kill,
Ten comrades in arms,
Pinned down by enemy fire,
Ambushed and compromised,
Their backs now to the wire.
One pilot and one gunner,
Men who knew no fear,
S.O.S. came through to them,
Urgent… but so clear,
“K-car, Call sign Bravo, ”
“Contact, contact, contact”!
Pilot with nerves of steel,
And veraciously exact,
“We have you visual, four o’clock”,
Crackled in the pilot’s ear
He responded calmly “Roger
Call sign Bravo… illuminate a flare”
Flare lit up and in they flew,
Oblivious of the danger;
Twas deaths turn to roll the dice,
With life their coin of wager.
Two hands upon the cannon grips,
One finger on the trigger,
Gunner’s eye took a site,
Through peep site to the jigger;
Bullets ripped into the cockpit,
Of that killer-car machine,
Barely two year out of school,
K-car gunner… aged nineteen
Fire Force airborne pilot,
Turned cannon to the smoke,
Gunner pressed the trigger,
And the dragon now awoke;
Twenty millimeter cannon,
Boomed forth volcanic life
Spewing deadly rounds,
Of instant death and strife.
No place for enemy to hide,
From this matchless opponent;
Terrorists now in full flight,
Were gunned down in a moment.
The Kill-car hovered overhead,
Just six foot off the ground,
Two enemy lay screaming,
But from thirty dead…no sound.
Most men of war, whom I knew then,
Have turned now to the Lord,
They have turned into plow shears,
Their weapons and their sword.
Lord please teach us here in Africa,
Love for one another;
Take xenophobic intolerance from us,
Teach us to love our brother.English professor and poet Narayana Kasturi
was an employee of All India Radio.
He had in an Indian humor magazine
made fun of Sathya Sai Baba. After
a series of miracles involving his
family, he became a devout follower
and editor of Baba's magazine
Sanathana Sarathi (eternal charioteer,
a reference to Krishna who would not
fight in the Mahabharata war but instead
was charioteer for Arjuna.)
One day a car caravan as often happened
was following Baba's car to a destination.
One after another, parts fell off of Kasturi's
car. When they arrived Kasturi took the car
to a mechanic who said it was physically
impossible for the car to have arrived.
Kasturi went to Baba and asked 'Was it
because we are good devotees that you
did this miracle for us? ' and Baba replied
'The car, the car is a great devotee.'Alone rides slap of rails
to jerk, down and up, are
lights move away, seen
hand in hair, sweet lap.
Peach clouds my head.Last night I drove a car
not knowing how to drive
not owning a car
I drove and knocked down
people I loved
...went 120 through one town.
I stopped at Hedgeville
and slept in the back seat
...excited about my new life.By stuffing newspaper up the exhaust of my car
Somebody I do not know have taken their fun too far
I do not have a known enemy and I'm new to this Town
Why is someone I do not know trying to drag me down?
My car it felt sick and I rang the R A C V
And what the mechanic discovered a huge surprise to me
A newspaper rolled up blocked the exhaust pipe rear
By some not too nice person it was pushed in there.
I am not without sin I will not cast the stone
But if you do not like the look of me leave my car alone
You do unto others what you'd like them do to you
Those words not by me but those words seem so true.
Against the person who did this I could not hold a grudge
And since I am not meant to be anyone's judge
Of that karma will surely take care
What goes around comes around that does seem fair.
Some non thinking person with low self esteem
Could only do something like this it would seem
And I would like to say to this person leave my old car be
You should not harm my car if you do not like me.
I am new to this Town here not many I know
And all I ask of anyone is a fair go
I am not without sin I will not cast the stone
And if you do not like the look of me leave my car alone.How I adore a bright sunny morn
Glorious summer glistening with light
Reminiscent of days in the blue Ford Anglia
When we travelled the road ~ love at its height.
Again I can see the whole picture
Of the hills and heather so sweet,
The scenery resembling an island of dreams
As our blue Ford Anglia made happiness complete.
Secretly, I offer a silent prayer
Those bygone days still live in my heart.
Just we two, in that little car of blue
Admiring the magnificence of God's works of art.A thousand children. How could I remember
all of them? I was the teacher; they were there
to learn. Those were our roles; that was the contract.
They would move up and I move on, for all of us
always a new beginning.
But now and then
one will return to haunt me, like the girl
whose secret friend drove a red plastic car.
I have it still. He was a tiny version
of myself.
The boy, his skin flaking
and cracked with eczema, trying to resist
the urge to scratch. How could he bear to wake
each day to face that life? Yet I was proud
he claimed me for his brother.
Another girl,
seventeen, crossing the Alps, moved beyond tears
by her first sight of mountains.
Do they remember?
Maybe they do. A young man in the street
I met by chance surprised me by recalling
how I read Winnie-the-Pooh when he was small
and did the animals in different voices.
So many children, so many years have gone,
but memories, like hope, can linger on.« prev. song
next song »
Fast Car
You got a fast car
I want a ticket to anywhere
Maybe we make a deal
Maybe together we can get somewhere
Anyplace is better
Starting from zero got nothing to lose
Maybe we'll make something
But me myself I got nothing to prove
You got a fast car
And I got a plan to get us out of here
I been working at the convenience store
Managed to save just a little bit of money
We won't have to drive too far
Just 'cross the border and into the city
You and I can both get jobs
And finally see what it means to be living
You see my old man's got a problem
He live with the bottle that's the way it is
He says his body's too old for working
I say his body's too young to look like his
My mama went off and left him
She wanted more from life than he could give
I said somebody's got to take care of him
So I quit school and that's what I did
You got a fast car
But is it fast enough so we can fly away
We gotta make a decision
We leave tonight or live and die this way
I remember we were driving driving in your car
The speed so fast I felt like I was drunk
City lights lay out before us
And your arm felt nice wrapped 'round my shoulder
And I had a feeling that I belonged
And I had feeling I could be someone, be someone, be someone
You got a fast car
And we go cruising to entertain ourselves
You still ain't got a job
And I work in a market as a checkout girl
I know things will get better
You'll find work and I'll get promoted
We'll move out of the shelter
Buy a big house and live in the suburbs
You got a fast car
And I got a job that pays all our bills
You stay out drinking late at the bar
See more of your friends than you do of your kids
I'd always hoped for better
Thought maybe together you and me would find it
I got no plans I ain't going nowhere
So take your fast car and keep on driving
You got a fast car
But is it fast enough so you can fly away
You gotta make a decision
You leave tonight or live and die this way
Chapman Tracy Lyrics: 14 / 42 « prev. songThe Christmas tree has dried to brittle green
Gifts are stacked within the bedroom closet
Santa’s visit costs more than children glean
Money runs free like water from faucet
My car is broke again I must repair
Damages to plug, pump and oil pan
Now in the season of excessive care
My mechanic made a lucrative plan
The elves inside your engine must be quelled
With regular maintenance and good gas
Visit me once a month he smiled and yelled
While I walked away frowning, one sad lass
Find a new car - a good resolution
One that runs is a better solutionOf Morris Motors fame,
William Richard was his name
William Richard Morris Nuffield
Viscount Baron, born in Britain
eighteen seventy-seven...died
in Britain nineteen sixty-three.
His success story began with
a humble cycle repair shop,
but there, business did not stop as
eventually Morris Motors did thrive
and in nineteen-twenty, the Morris
Cowley was a popular car to drive.
What could be finer than a black
Morris Minor...I once owned one myself
and happy was I.  In later years
Morris and Austin 'merged' as part of
British Leyland. William was made
Viscount ~ the founder of a motor
car empire, giving his millions to
Medical Research, and setting
hearts afire.  He was Founder of the
Nuffield College and the Nuffield
Foundation, bringing a touch of magic
to our striving nation.  Britain will
ever remember this interesting and
important step in industrial salvation.Driving on a cold winter night,
drove with tears drowning my sight.
Didnt know where to turn
Drove into a ditch and felt a burn.
Lights blinding me in my eyes,
You could see the fears i tried to disguise.
I never thought i would make it out alive,
but God was there to help me strive.
So many thoughts going through my brain
I loved you once, but not again.
If i didnt get out of the car soon
I wouldnt live to see the shiny moon.
I was hospitalized for 2 weeks, in a coma for one of those weeks.
You never would have none, because you didnt ask,
While you forgot my name,
I forgot how much i cared about you.
But while in the hospital, i was thinking about dying,
I was thinking about you, and how you forgot everything you shared,
i got in a real car accident, but in the end, the only accident i got in, was letting you in to my heart and life.Decided are my ways;
Altered are my days,
for I know where to move;
For I know the way to reach.
My destination is too far to being seen.
With a map set in my mind,
With a slow speed I will start,
the engine of my car.
Well I am the lone driver,
I am the lone traveller;
Gear is set.
Mind is set right.
Mirror is well set up,
So that I get the three dimensional view.
Slowly I accelerated the speed,
Now I know the ABC of life,
I know when to apply break,
I know when to accelerate the speed
I know when to use clutch.
Here I am set to go!
I have to keep on moving,
On the same speed,
With my eyes and ears open,
My mind should work in coordination with,
My eyes, ears and hands.
My wonder car started,
Moving ahead all way.
It will wait for none,
Till my brain is in gear.
I will not turn back.
In between I will put a break
To give a pause to my brain too.
My wonder car started
Its moving towards a new way.
Through the path that seemed to be rough and smooth.
Today, Nothing matters me much.
I have to move ahead through unknown path.
With a steering controlled by my hand and mind.
I will move ahead with thrill and reach my destination.
©ALL RIGHTS RESERVED BY GEETHA JAYAKUMAR 2014
© 2014.
Geetha Jayakumar.A fool stole my car and damaged it!
And, when he was caught,
A wise man said he will pay twice as much for my car;
Hoping to repair my care and take care ofthe thief.
Then i said: ' I will give this care for free to the thief'!
The thief then answered: 'Oh! If i knew then that, this care will be mine as a gift, i will not have stolen it in the first place';
However, in this life, 'It is better to ask than, to steal'.
So, i got the value of my car being paid twice as much from the wise man;
And, he took the damaged car and the thief away.Here is my car
The driver sits in the car
And moves as he desires.
My body is a car
The car-body is moving
By the control of material nature.
My body is a railway train
The railway train-body is moving
Under the direction of the controller.
But I am a spiritual spark
Part and parcel of You, my dear
It is Your kindness that I am here.I love my
Car...
My car...
Is only
Two weels...
No want petrole...
No want Bio- gas...
Two member only
Travel my car...
Every wear...
Every side...
My car move and move...
Run and run...
with my leg speed...
I was play my car...
Each every day...
Another's called my car name
Was cycle...
I was lovengely calling car...
Yes...
Cycle is my car...
What is your car...!My brakes won't applicable to these mockery roads
As it's too old they say.
I keep my both hands on the steering wheel
But it goes to its own consent.
I am scared if it stops on a hill side
As my poor torn wallet doesn't contains
Those tricky notes to refuel.I will never forget the day I bought my first new car,
And had a date with a girl that lived not too far,
We drove out into the suburbs and parked under a full moon,
And listened to the car radio play a brand new tune,
And if my neighbour would ever ask who the girl was,
That was in the car,
I will tell them it was my late mother
who's on her way to heavenly abode,
The day I bought the car.I have a little red car,
that fits five quite comfortably,
but members of my family
when shopping think I drive a lorry.
The thing is that they think
it will take them as well,
would you believe.
I do not know where they got the notion
that if you push the back seat down
you can carry triple the amount.
In a minute if they keep going
I will be driving through the sunroof
as there will not be any room
for me in my little red car.
(7 July 2007)You are a brown dumpster
With wheels. And me smiling,
Wearing my new sunglasses
Driving you crazy sitting on
Your rubber wobbly
Roof.
I drink another diet coke
And throw it in the back
With the other 500 cans
And the papers, and the gum
Stuck to the carpet like it’s
Got teeth.
Burrito bell smell attacks!
68 empty mickie D bags.
You can slide your steel
Door to let out the animals
And insects that call you
Home.
Sitting on a trash receptacle
I chuckle as people stare
At us scraping up the road,
Chewing concrete like cupcakes,
Our sparks screaming bloody
Murder.
I throw a half a Whopper
Into the back seat as we
Pull up to the drive (threw)
And you, monster dumpster,
Breathing heavy @ doesn’t fit.
Too rusty.
The lady screams at us.
Get the hell out of dodge!
Gotta make it to hardy’s
Though. Need some lipids.
You’re a brown rubbish bin.
Overflowing.I go and get my new car today, boy I'm so excited
I chose it yesterday, I can't wait to be reunited
It's shiny and black with alloy wheels and a spoiler on the back.
I go and get my new car today, boy I just can't wait
I said I'd be back at four today, I don't want to be late
It's got leather trim on the inside and clips for a roof rack.
I go and get my new car today, boy I'm all jumbly inside
I know it runs well because I took it for a drive
It's got electric headlamps and the interior is black.
I go and get my new car today, boy it's nearly time
only thirty minutes left to go before that car is mine
It's fast and tricky to steer but I'll soon get the knack.
I go and get my new car today, boy it's really great
I just can't wait to show it to my mate
It's just the best car ever on my toy racing track!inside the nice brand new luxury car
(and hence very expensive)  rides a body that drives smoothly on the
road to the sin city,
inside the tinted glass window with a remote control
screams his rotten soul....He ran
Fast as anyone can
Away from home
He chose to roam
Didn’t get along
But he took his song
He ran far
Now living in a car
Not much company
Such an epiphany
Freedom rang
Every time he sang
Sleeping in his car
His pillow his guitar
Song his creation
The road his destination
Dreams he has many
Doubts, no room for any
His heart so large
His soul in charge
Living in a car
Guided by a star
As if blind
He left so much behind
Stubbornly he wanted more
Wind beneath his wings to soar
Fast foods, fast times
Hard hills, hard climbs
Living in a car
Healing of a scar
Like a baby bird has flown
Alone into a zone unknown
Why he made a dash
Was he headed for a crash?
He made a hard choice
Hoping for one to hear his voice
Can this boy sing?
To him it’s everything
And it will do him good
He’s going to HollywoodChild, a moment of love ago
you danced in the eye of the woman
who made you. When another moment
like the innocent wheat that made the loaf
of bread she sent you for
in this field of the heart's ploughed land
you were threshed!I had a dream: you came to me
on purple car, as in a childhood.
Only one driver had a seat -
you gave to me the place of driver.
and then we both went for a walk -
rather, I was driving, you - on foot.
you could say nothing for so long,
watched as a kid, with speechless look.Once we had a car,
that was the colour of silver grey.
Now this little car, who we called our jam jar,
just loved a rainy day.
She would drive around for hour's,
with her wiper's turned on,
they would race back and forwards,
until the rain had compleatly gone.
Her brakes were truely majic,
when pulled up at a halt.
Then a funny sort of sound would come,
as if she was saying' that ain't my fault!
This lovely little car of our's,
was just a little dream,
driving down the highway,
with her headlights on full beam.
Everytime it rained, she always looked bright,
even if we were driving,
all through the night.
The crome on her bumper,
shone like stars in the sky.
Then everything seemed to change,
when the weather turned dry.
The jam jar, would not start,
because her battery woulden't charge,
so jump leads were needed,
with a push, shuve and a barge.
If we went on our holidays,
and the weather was fine,
we always prayed for rain,
so we would reach there on time.
In seventy six, there came a heatwave,
and the weather was boiling hot.
The same thing happened to our jam jar,
then she gave her last breath,
and died there on the spot.Parked at the curb,
The Petaluma Police could not observe,
The car their sarge had parked;
Not very far,
I found me that car,
And quickly thereto embarked;
While I approached the police cruiser,
I viewed the 'soon to be' accuser,
Yet continued on with my plan;
Two tires were popped,
As downward they dropped,
I fled in my sedan;
A laughing desire,
Brought a slash to each tire,
Done in full brightness of the day;
There I lurked,
Around the corner the cops worked,
And with them came my chance to play;
;
From each tire's quick blow,
Came the thrill hearing the air let flow,
And to the ground them rims did go;
By the knife's quick swing,
Came laughter from the hiss sound of air leaking,
While leaving the surprise of needing a tow;
No, 'Candid Camera' wasn't there,
To capture the officer's expression or glare,
When he viewed the car he left so careless;
Did he first move his car,
To discover that he couldn't drive far? ,
Did he hear the hiss or were they flat and airless?
Oh, what a dare,
For me to hear that gush sound of air,
Then escape, without being caught;
But with a short quiz,
The accuser said, 'I know who it is! ',
Well, my sedan, the police then sought;
My laughter was hard,
While I headed for my yard,
Though trouble was coming my way;
All patrol units looked about,
To search me out,
For the trouble that I now must pay,
While homeward I scoot,
Came a Sonoma County sheriff's deputy in pursuit,
Riding his cruiser close to my rear;
Bright red lights flashed on,
The fun was gone,
But still, I had no fear;
The joy it brought,
Was lost when caught,
And the laughter vanished away;
Very few people knew,
About the other police tires I blew,
And now just caught this day;
Stopped outside my home gate,
Came red lights  to wait,
The identification of who they caught;
Patrol units swarmed about,
It was me, they had no doubt,
They've captured who they sought;
Police car hysteria,
Was swarming the area,
Oh, it was boiling hot;
Like a beehive ready,
With a sting so steady,
A large police force quickly was brought;
'Put cuffs on them hands...'
As the police sergeant commands,
'...then take 'em in for lockup...'
With two flats on the cruiser,
The joke was a doozer,
As the number of times, years over, buildup;
I was brought before a judge,
But really...I had no grudge,
Gave forty dollars to the bondsman to bail;
As the jail door opened wide,
Quickly, I dashed outside,
Now released from the Sonoma County Jail;
I appeared in court again and again,
But a plea bargain made that end,
And no more jail time had I to pay;
Made unhappy, I was,
But that could be because,
'Pay for two tires and don't do it again', heard I, the court say;
Other police agencies know,
Twenty-eight of their tires went low,
The Cotati police headquarters suffered the worst;
Well, with two tires to buy,
My score remains still very high,
Considering the others I prior had burst;
If it ever happens again,
It won't be me, though I'll still grin.
I've retired, finally, from this crime;
The memory I still  bare,
The laughter, its thrill and dare;
And the story turned now into rhyme;I. CHICKENS
I am The Great White Way of the city:
When you ask what is my desire, I answer:
"Girls fresh as country wild flowers,
With young faces tired of the cows and barns,
Eager in their eyes as the dawn to find my mysteries,
Slender supple girls with shapely legs,
Lure in the arch of their little shoulders
And wisdom from the prairies to cry only softly at
the ashes of my mysteries."
II. USED UP
Lines based on certain regrets that come with rumination
upon the painted faces of women on
North Clark Street, Chicago
Roses,
Red roses,
Crushed
In the rain and wind
Like mouths of women
Beaten by the fists of
Men using them.
O little roses
And broken leaves
And petal wisps:
You that so flung your crimson
To the sun
Only yesterday.
III. HOME
Here is a thing my heart wishes the world had more of:
I heard it in the air of one night when I listened
To a mother singing softly to a child restless and angry
in the darkness.My car has broken down.
I have a comfortable feeling
That the future will be better,
Having had a car,
Than it would have been,
Had I never had one at all.
Like that old adage about love:
That, without it,
Expect no comfort from the past.Gordon Loft was a traffic officer working radar duty
Whose wife and daughter was in a family beauty
His crew were operating the radar on Gorge road
And detected an offender in speeding car mode
So Gordon walked out on the hot bitumen
To indicate to this driver who was without acumen
The driver swerved into Gordon knocking him down
And he was killed lying broken on the ground
His mates quickly ran to his aid
And the driver in his escape made
There was nothing left to be done
Except find the driver who had run
So they found and charged him for Gordon's death
And he was jailed but it did not diminish tragedy's breath
So again a family was left to carry on without a father
To compound the mess in a final grief to gather
Was the death of the wife in a crash which appalled
And we wonder how the daughter survived in justice called
© Paul Warren PoetryIT'S a lean car ... a long-legged dog of a car ... a gray-ghost eagle car.
The feet of it eat the dirt of a road ... the wings of it eat the hills.
Danny the driver dreams of it when he sees women in red skirts and red sox in his sleep.
It is in Danny's life and runs in the blood of him ... a lean gray-ghost car.Pretty Girl in a shitty car
Headliner hanging
Tailpipe dragging
Beauty Queen of broken dreams
Had the world on string
Or so it seemed
Growing up pretty
Doesn’t create pity
It creates a single road
No one informed you
That a good life is earned
Not owed
Needed to be a Mrs
Afraid to be missed
You gave your only quality
Didn’t think you had a mind to share
But your pretty self alone
Couldn’t keep “him” there.
Made babies born with a Job
Mixing “him” and Pretty you
Instead of fulfilling your purpose
The babies became discarded trash too.
Pretty Girl now a waitress
Cleaning up other peoples messes
Cant clean up your own
Feet hurt
Ass hanging out of a small skirt
Get in your shitty car
Hoping it will start
Hoping you still have a homePrincess just wants a new car.
I have told her that hers will go far.
''Oh, it's really not cool
driving this crap to school.''
''Do I need that emotional scar? ''
''The kids will all laugh at the rust.
When we race, I'll be left in the dust!
I will save up some cash
then we'll make a mad dash
to the car dealer surely you trust''.
''He will make us a wonderful deal
and I'm sure you will know how I feel.
I will love you so much,
My siblings... I won't touch.
Just get me behind a new wheel! ''
Now she'll be cruisin in style.
She'll be happy for only awhile.
There will always be better
and we'll try hard to get her
a car that will make princess smile.I was born for driven dirt race car's
I'm not made for pavin long roads
I ain't cut out to climb high line poles
But I'm pretty good at driven my race car's
I'm not the type to work in a bank
I'm no good at slappin on things
Do have a knack for makin motors crank, no
But I'm pretty good at driven my rocket race car's
So give  me one more lap
That's what I'm here for
I'm built for having a ball
I love the dirt race track's
'I love my rocket race car
I like it 25 laps or more
I like staring way in the back
It give me more time to come up fast
I'm too slow for workin' too fast
I don't do windows so honey don't ask
But I'm pretty good at driven my race car's
A go getter maybe I'm not
I'm not known for doin' a lot
But I do my best work out on the track
I'm pretty good at driven my race car
So give me one more lap
That's what I'm here for
I'm built for having a ball
I love the dirt race track's
I love my rocket race car
I like it 25 laps or more
I like to staring way in the back
It give me more time to come up fast
I was born for driven dirt race car's
I'm not made for pavin long roads
I aint cut out to climb high line poles
But I'm pretty good at driven my rocket race car
pretty good at driven my dirt race car's
I wasn born for driven rocket race car's
I'm not made for pavin long roads
I ain't cut out to climb high line poles
But I'm pretty good at driven my race car's
I'm not the type to work in a bank
I'm no good at slappin on things
Do have a knack for makin motors crank, no
But I'm pretty good at driven my rocket race car's
So give  me one more lap
That's what I'm here for
I'm built for having a ball
I love the dirt race track's
'I love my rocket race car
I like it 25 laps or more
I ain't much for mowin thick grass
I'm too slow for workin' too fast
But I'm pretty good at driven my rocket race car's
A go getter maybe I'm not
I'm not known for doin' a lot
But I do my best work out on the track
I'm pretty good at driven my race car
So give me one more lap
That's what I'm here for
I'm built for having a ball
I love the dirt race track's
I love my rocket race car
I like it 25 laps or more
I was born for driven rocket race car's
I'm not made for pavin long roads
I aint cut out to climb high line poles
But I'm pretty good at driven my rocket race car
pretty good at driven dirt race car'sSee my car,
I am driving the car
Ask not its name and number
I have already mentioned elsewhere here.
See my car,
I am driving the car,
Controlling the steering wheel
I am driving the car,
Giving due respect to
Accelerator and brake,
I know here in this car
There is the truth called engine,
Passion and action are there
In fuel and I know all knowledge
And everything is there in tool box
Provided by the company itself.
See my car
I am going with my car
To the service center
As it is not running well
As it met an accident
Though no fault of mine,
All of a sudden it met an accident
With the rain and the sun.Selling a Car.
When I bought the car
the dealer pointed out its good features.
Now that I’m selling the car
the dealer points out all its flaws.My Alto looks superb and majestic,
From Maruti Udyog- ‘The talk of town! ”
With color, silky silver metallic;
My dignity will escalate on own.
Even the rich appear to go for it;
Five-geared, with mileage almost twenty-two;
And ample space for luggage; five can sit;
It is the car that every heart can woo!
It stands so splendidly in front of house,
And glows with beauty- all appreciate;
It is the car that’s loved by any spouse;
Perhaps, its cost can’t much depreciate!
With Alto, any distance, you can go;
No wonder ’tis India’s foremost car, oh!dirt track slopes to sky
penning five hundred horses
running with thunder.A car quite big and yet so small!
A car that’s meant for people all;
More than a two-wheeler in cost,
The Tata Nano is quite fast.
A magic car that’s safe on road;
A car that all can well afford;
Small family norm car today,
The Tata Nano’s on its way!
A car that’s caught the eyes of all;
A car that none could ever stall;
A car that’s found a place in hearts;
A car that easily too starts!
A beauty that all wish to drive,
The little car has come alive;
The Tata Nano is famous,
And modern car for all of us!
Dream-car of many that’s come true;
The car for young, old, me and you;
The car that could be number one,
The Tata Nano is great fun!
Dedicated to Mr. Rattan Tata
Copyright by Dr John Celes 4-12-2009We came out early on that Tuesday afternoon
I didn't want to part just yet for you to be gone so soon
A cable car ride suggested, it quickly took your mind
We took a tube to Greenwich and traced around O2
No sooner than we knew it we were at the ticket office
And with oyster discounts in our hand and wristbands strapped on tight
It was not long before we took off upon our circular flight
Enclosed in glass we swept up to greyed out skies
The wind picked up and swayed us on our cable
I hoped that one such gust would place your hand in mind
But you proved to be the braver one you never moved a finger
I desperately wanted to put my hand in yours but was frightened still to do it
But it wasn't' the wind but love youknow that made we want to do it
The moment passed with a GPS joke and then onto costa coffeeI went to a party
just the other night.
The meal was atrocious
and a bad time was had.
Just to add insult to injury,
the car didn’t like it neither
being left alone out in the cold.
Therefore, when I went to start it,
it didn’t want to go.
The protest was duly noted
and a jump-start was given.
Finally, we got home
cold, tired and weak.
Went straight to bed
and could have slept for a week.
Unfortunately, I had
to get up early the next morning
for work I had to go.
I think I’ll treat the car
to a new battery this year,
so it will start first time
if the weather gets severe.The car moved ahead
At its steady pace
One meter in front of the other
It is amazing to know
How Pierre can survive for so many years
In the middle of uncertainty if it was love or hate
The sky had begun to threaten
Very early in the morning
And the rain was pouring so strange
(dedicated to a great poet, Mark Strand)Smokes
The driver
Smokes
The air
Feels
So fresh
With their
Smokes ;)
(Theme: Satire)
Written after seeing a man smoking while driving his car.
Obviously we all know that vehicles do contribute to air and sound pollution with their smokes and horns ;)
Time, health and weather permitting, we should always opt for walking instead of taking our car / bike / scooter or public transport esp. if the distance is short and walkable. I've always loved walking and even in freezing, pouring UK weather, I've ventured out on errands without depending on cars or buses though at times, when my health plays truant, I pamper myself with some vehicular luxury :)You are gone. The car radio is a curse.
Hundreds of  songs, especially our
songs... remind me of you.
© Joe FazioThe Lady of the Motor-car she stareth straight ahead;
Her face is like the stone, my friend, her face is like the dead;
Her face is like the stone, my friend, because she is “well-bred”—
Because her heart is dead, my friend, as all her life was dead.
The Lady of the Motor-car she speaketh like a man,
Because her girlhood never was, nor womanhood began.
She says, “To the Aus-traliah, John!” and “Home” when she hath been.
And to the husband at her side she says, “Whhat doo you mean?”
The Lady of the Motor-car her very soul is dead,
Because she never helped herself nor had to work for bread;
The Lady of the Motor-car sits in her sitting-room,
Her stony face has never changed though all the land is gloom.
Her motor-car hath gone to hell—the hell that man hath made;
She sitteth in her sitting-room, and she is not afraid;
Nor fear of life or death, or worse, could change her well-bred mien;
She knits socks in a stony way, and says, “Whhat doo they mean?”
The lady in her carriage sits, with cushions turning green—
And once it was a mourning-coach, and once it held a queen.
Behind a coachman and a horse too old to go to war,
She driveth to her “four o’clocks” and to her sick and poor.
And when the enemy bombards and walls begin to fall,
The Lady of the Motor-car shall stand above you all;
Amongst the strong and silent brave, and those who pray or shriek,
She’ll nurse the wounded from the grave and pacify the weak.
And if the enemy prevails, with death on every side,
The Lady of the Car shall die as heroines have died,
But if the victory remains, she’ll be what she hath been,
And, sitting in her motor-car, shall say: “
Whhat doo you mean?
”We're away! and the wind whistles shrewd
In our whiskers and teeth;
And the granite-like grey of the road
Seems to slide underneath.
As an eagle might sweep through the sky,
So we sweep through the land;
And the pallid pedestrians fly
When they hear us at hand.
We outpace, we outlast, we outstrip!
Not the fast-fleeing hare,
Nor the racehorses under the whip,
Nor the birds of the air
Can compete with our swiftness sublime,
Our ease and our grace.
We annihilate chickens and time
And policemen and space.
Do you mind that fat grocer who crossed?
How he dropped down to pray
In the road when he saw he was lost;
How he melted away
Underneath, and there rang through the fog
His earsplitting squeal
As he went -- Is that he or a dog,
That stuff on the wheel?The motor car is sullen, like a thing that should not be;
The motor car is master of Smart Society.
’Twas born of sweated genius and collared by a clown;
’Twas planned by Retribution to ride its riders down.
And straight for Caesar’s Column,
It runs to Caesar’s Column,
Last section, Caesar’s Column
To ride its riders down!
The motor car is shame-struck, for greed and misery,
For mad and hopeless self-lust, and the sins that need not be.
The motor car is vicious, for its conscience makes it so,
It aye would smash the victims while it runs the riders low.
And straight for Caesar’s Column,
Its goal is Caesar’s Column,
It longs for Caesar’s Column
To lay its riders low.
The motor car is maddened like a horse that’s had a fright,
The shameful day behind it and the Coming of the Night!
It flees across the country and it flees back to the town
And straight for Caesar’s Column to run its riders down.
And straight for Caesar’s Column,
What ho! for Caesar’s Column!
Hurrah! for Caesar’s Column!
To seal its riders down.
The motor car is reckless like a gambler losing fast;
The motor car’s in terror of the Future—and the Past;
The motor car is worn out and has passed Sin’s boundary by,
And is bound for Caesar’s Column where to pile its riders high.
It’s bound for Caesar’s Column
And marked for Caesar’s Column,
And doomed for Caesar’s Column
To pile its riders high.
The motor car is brainless, and scornful of all tears,
Its dust is in our faces, its giggle in our ears,
Its harsh laugh is the last laugh of the last lost soul alone,
’Tis nearing Caesar’s Column to set self-damned in stone.
Change here for Caesar’s Column!
All out for Caesar’s Column!
Past Hope—and Caesar’s Column
To lodge self-damned in stone.
I don’t know how ’twill happen, or when ’twill come to pass,
But folk shall yet pass sanely by river, tree and grass;
By homesteads and farm wagons, they’ll ride each pleasant mile,
And back from Caesar’s Column where the world went mad awhile.
And back from Caesar’s Column
With lessons from the Column;
Grown sane at Caesar’s Column
To save the world awhile.'But do not come to Daddy,
crying, come Monday morning
expecting to pay what I offer you
right here and now, so come,
do sign the papers if you know
what's good for you and me.'
'I want to shop  around to see
what deal can be arranged
to suit me best, I must look out
for number one, surely you know,
a customer does have the right? '
'Well, once again, this deal is,
to put it bluntly, for today, and not
for any other time that follows.
I'm in a mood to help you out,
I like you, frankly and I know
that you will send me all your friends,
so trust me, Sir, I'm doing what is best
for all of us, and also, I could tell....
the truth is, that you may be, so I notice
a bit embarrassed with that old jalopy.'
'So what is the exact and final figure,
counting the trade of Cedric here,
and all the costs on road and for the Kaiser,
insurance which you kindly offered,
in other words, how much will be enough? '
'Now that's more like it, the thinking man,
you know, so many of my customers are,
to put it mildly, so ignorant, don't get me wrong,
I like them all, but it is always such a pleasure
to deal with someone who can think like you.
So, I suggest we get the papers done right now,
I'll call your banker with the final figures then,
and you go home and celebrate the deal,
no need to worry, I will handle it from here.'Are you born to be a race car driver?
Even if not, many of you are a race traveler.
Many are ambitious, would like to beat the other,
On any cost became a winner.
When one is a winner, there are many loser,
Competition, hatred, anger & jealousy, but never laughter.
Is it worth to push for winning?
And became the most envied hated being.how I wonder what you are.
Leaking oil everyday
being unruly going your way.
Going uphills real slow
don't pester me any more.
Am toiling as if your slave
don't forget I am so brave.
Better leave me you dude
don't fry any more my mood.Love's fiery chariot, Delia, take
Which Vulcan wrought for Venus' sake.
Wings shall not waft thee, but a flame
Hot as my heart--as nobly tame:
Lit by a spark, less bright, more wise
Than linked lightnings of thine eyes!
Seated and ready to be drawn
Come not in muslins, lace or lawn,
But, for thy thrice imperial worth,
Take all the sables of the North,
With frozen diamonds belted on,
To face extreme Euroclydon!
Thus in our thund'ring toy we'll prove
Which is more blind, the Law or Love;
And may the jealous Gods prevent
Our fierce and uncontrouled descent!With the gift of the gab they would talk their way out of hell
These used car sales people they know how to sell
On their selling ability their jobs are at stake
The more cars they do sell the more commission they do make
On any deals they clinch they have never lost
And your trust on such people can come at a cost
The more cars they sell the more money they get paid
A hard job to succeed in the used car trade,
Shy and sensitive used car sales people one might say are rare
To sell one a car no effort they do spare
They have to sell cars or their boss them will fire
And other used car yard owners as car sales people them will not hire
The more cars they sell the greater is their pay
So to sell you a car they try every which way.while driving my car late evening
from school
when the rains fall heavily
on the streets
looking like deserted
i talk to myself
unceasingly
like we are very close friends
and now for the first
time in 20 years meet
for this historic reunion
i greet myself with such a warm
hello ric
this is ric meet ric
how you have not changed for years
you still look wonderful tonight
and how are things doing with you?
i am fine and doing well
and i am at home with myself
progressing in my career
and happy with what
i have and what i am
looking forward
to more excitements
of my life
like you do too
with your life
ric to ric
the talk goes on and on
and then the rain stops
and then i finally arrive
and honk my car
to this house
where the gate opens
all too quickly
with anticipation
like this joy
of an emotion
the lights are all on
brightly they shine
on the glass
of the car
i am home
at lastThe window's blurry,
The odometer's broke,
​The tires are bare;
Who's driving this car?
The seats are saggy
From long time use,
The rear-view's broken;
Who's driving this car?
It knocks down the road
Toward the next bone yard,
And it can't get far;
Who's driving this car?
Once it was new,
Best thing on the road,
But now it's just old;
So who's driving this car?
I'M driving this thing,
And this car is ME,
And it's all worn out,
But I make it work.
If I didn't have it,
I'd be a-foot,
A fool on the pavement;
In fact, just stuck.
So I praise this car
And it's wobbly ride-
And I'm gosh darn grateful
That I'm still inside.But yet I don't think women truly like it
when another woman speaks her mind.
because part of her wishes she had done it-
and the other part is envious of the affection
she receives, the respect, more frankly given
from the opposite sex.There are few things that bother as much
as to look for you car
and almost to count the other car’s,
when you come round a corner
and to be without a car in Pretoria
and to know the fear
that it is stolen.
There are fewer things that bother as much
as when two of your cars get stolen
and something is wrong with the insurance of both
and to be without any car in Pretoria
and to tell everyone that you call
of your predicament
and no Police ever being able to find any car
and every similar car that drives by
looks to you like the stolen one
and the robbers are now much better off than you.
There are few things that bother as much
as to walk
and stand with a hand stretched out
and the worst is to tell other people
and to be without a car in Pretoria
and to read comprehension in their eyes.you sit inside the car
as i drive on this busy road
in the city, on some dangerous
intersections, and you hold your hair
with your left hand
leaning on the mirror
seeing the flow of people
on the pedestrian lane
and you quip,
why do you love a stupid
woman like me?
i focus myself on the road
and it begins to rain
and people are running
everywhere seeking
for shelter
you ask,
do you really love me?
i am sorry
putting you on this mess.
i am really sorry,
tears begin to roll
from your eyes
the rain goes heavily on
the glass and i cannot clearly
see the road
it is dark and i turn on the
front lights and drive
the car slowly on the side
of the road. I stop
for a while,
it is hazy, i said.
and i just love to kiss you.Silent Night
Holy Night
Bombs in flight
Birds big fright
Men will fight
For their right
Putting might
First in sight
Jesus slight
Small in height
Has a bite
Like a knight
Angels not tight
Fly like a kite
Silent Night
Holy NightCHRISTMAS comes, Christmas comes,
Blessing wheresoe'er he roams,
And he calls the little children
Cluster'd in a thousand homes.
Stand you still, my little children,
For a moment while I sing,
Wreath'd together in a ring,
With your tiny hands embracing
In a snowy interlacing,
And your rich curls dropping down,
Golden, black, and auburn-brown,
Over bluest little eyes;
Toss them back in sweet surprise
While my pretty song I sing.
I have apples, I have cakes,
Icicles, and snowy flakes,
Hanging on each naked bough;
Sugar strawberries and cherries,
Misletoe and holly-berries
Nail'd above the glorious show.
I have presents rich and rare,
Beauties which I do not spare,
For my little children dear;
At my steps the casements lighten,
Sourest human faces brighten,
And the carols, music strange,
Float in their melodious change
On the night wind cold and drear.
Listen now, my little children,--
All these things I give to you,
And you love me, dearly love me
(Witness'd in your welcome true).
Why do I thus yearly scatter,
With retreating of the sun,
Sweetmeats, holiday, and fun?
There must be something much the matter
Where my wine-streams do not run.
Once I was no more than might be
Any season of the year;
No kind tapers shone to light me
On my way advancing here;
No small children rush'd to meet me,
Happy human smiles to greet me;
True, it was a while ago.
But I mind me it was so,
Then believe me, children dear.
Till one foggy cold December,
Eighteen hoary centuries past,
(Thereabouts as I remember,)
Came a voice upon the blast,
And a strange star in the heaven
One said that unto us was given
A Saviour and a Brother kind;
The star upon my head shed down
Of golden beams this living crown,
The birthday-gift of Jesus Christ,
Whereby my glory might be known.
You all keep your little birthdays;
Keep likewise your fathers', mothers',
Little sisters', little brothers';
To commemorate this birth
Sings aloud the exulting earth!
Every age and all professions,
In all distance--parted nations,
Meet together at this time
In spirit, while the church-bells chime.
Little children, dance and play,
We will join; but likewise pray
At morning, thinking of the day
I have told you I remember
In a bleak and cold December,
Long ago and far away.Our Lord Who did the Ox command
To kneel to Judah's King,
He binds His frost upon the land
To ripen it for Spring --
To ripen it for Spring, good sirs,
According to His Word.
Which well must be as ye can see --
And who shall judge the Lord?
When we poor fenmen skate the ice
Or shiver on the wold,
We hear the cry of a single tree
That breaks her heart in the cold --
That breaks her heart in the cold, good sirs,
And rendeth by the board.
Which well must be as ye can see --
And who shall judge the Lord?
Her wood is crazed and little worth
Excepting as to burn,
That we may warm and make our mirth
Until the Spring return --
Until the Spring return, good sirs,
When Christians walk abroad;
When well must be as ye can see --
And who shall judge the Lord?
God bless the master of this house,
And all who sleep therein!
And guard the fens from pirate folk,
And keep us all from sin,
To walk in honesty, good sirs,
Of thought and deed ad word!
Which shall befriend our latter end....
And who shall judge the Lord?If nothing else, may not this season move,
Or time become the true chronicle of love?
And so allay the fury, stint the rage
Or madness doth predominize this age?
When for to ransom man, whose least offense
Was charactered in disobedience,
He who knew no sin came, that to fulfill
The mercy statute of His Father's will:
Thus he forgave, and gave, to let us know
What to our very enemies we owe,
By his example; and decrees this fate
To the posterity unfortunate
Of too-believing Adam, that they must
Give themselves over to no other trust
Than what His Word assures; nor to make less
That first of sins, create them numberless
In envy, malice, and ambition,
But join to charity contrition
For by-past faults, and resolutions raise
To spend the future in our Maker's praise:
Obey Him first, then those His glorious powers
Shall substitute for our superiors:
And with our own condition whatsoever
Content, enjoy a full harmonious sphere;
Leaving no orb for discord's fond increase,
Since He that's born for us was Prince of Peace.What though 't be cold, and freeze,
Let no good Christian leese
So much of heat and zeal
As not for to remember
That blest day of December,
And what to shepherds angels did reveal,
Which doth of right claim lay
To all that ever man can write or say.
A savior's born for us:
What news more precious?
Were 't but some neighbor's son,
The bells would straightways ring-
In cakes for gossiping,
So soon the tidings o'er the town would run,
And many a light brain tossed
Among the goodwives, where to place their cost.
And shall my frozen heart
Not thaw and bear its part
In jollity for this,
Whereby not I alone
But each believing one
May promise to himself eternal bliss?
For such can ne'er be cold,
Who have this birthday in their hearts enrolled.
But may be said to burn,
Till some thanks they return,
Which though far short they reach,
The comfort is most sure,
'T hath healing wings to cure
Not for reward, but to make up the breach,
Which so repaired 'tis we
Must make it good 'gainst Satan's battery:
Whereto belongs this care
In chief and singular,
That stricter guards we keep,
Because both night and day
Th' artillery doth play,
Nor doth our adversary ever sleep:
Then we shall show hereby
Christ's favor hath not slipped our memory.Awake dull soul, and from thy fold of clay
Receive the blessed tidings of the day:
Not of a fox's cub, whose guile might be
A promise of successive tyranny,
Nor o' th' victorious eagle's far-spread wing,
The chiefest of the world's parts covering,
But of a lamb that's yeaned, a child that's born,
No spectacle of glory but of scorn;
For in the house of bread, this Bread of Life,
For us is come to Joseph and his wife,
And though the city David's were, therein
His Son no throne possesses, but an inn.
There thou may'st find Him at Whose mean, low birth
The mightiest potentates of all the earth,
Nay, oracles, are silenced and gone,
Nor longer serve the devil's delusion.
The Delphian fiend confesses he's o'ercome
And by an Hebrew-born child stricken dumb.
The letters of th' Old Law effaced are;
Down falls the statue of great Jupiter,
With th' twins and their nursing beast-which shower
Of prodigies rouse up the emperor,
Who thus far in the dark could see, t' erect
In honor of th' Almighty Architect,
An altar in the Capitol to's Son
First-born, with the sole dedication.
If light thus through darkness shone, why is't
That thou who hast the Gospel's beams, the mist
Of errors canst not dissipate, but still
Becom'st idolater in doing ill?
How doth thy pride and envy hatch deceit,
And fond ambition raise thee in conceit
Of thine own worth, when all such honors can
But dress thee up more stately beast, no man?
The serpent's brood like twins do always pair,
Which by thy beastly humors fostered are:
Thy tongue no more thy heart's cross-row doth spell,
Than if thou wert another oracle.
Be silent then, nor longer more profane
That holy Temple for which thou art ta'en,
But let the Lamb's blood wash away the stains
And characters were written in thy veins
By thy first parents, and which since thou hast
By thy endeavors into volumes cast,
Throw down thyself for Him who meekly came
Into the world for thee, a Child, a Lamb,
Born to be slain for thee, yet slain before,
To make the victory and conquest more.
Humility's a child; a giant, pride:
Goliath from the hand of David died-
So though like foes, thy ill affections grow
Unto immensity, a powerful throw
Out of the sling of faith, of hope, and love
May all that monstrous-uncouth brood remove.
Then mayst thou reign without suspicion, free,
As Pharaoh did, till this nativity;
Then shall thy conscience oraclize thy fate,
Than was Augutus's more fortunate;
Nor in the Capitol but in thy heart
Erect an altar to Him, let each part
Express thou art awake, and seeing canst tell,
That now salvation's come to Israel.When we a gem or precious stone have lost,
Is not the fabric or the frame
Of fancy busied, and each thing tossed
And turned within the room,
Till we the same
Can find again? Is't not a martyrdom?
Doth vanity affect us so, yet are
We slumber-charmed, nor can employ
A thought that backward might reduce, so far,
Lively to represent
Our misery,
Who fell and thus incurred a banishment?
Shall we leave any corner reason lends
To give sense light, unsought, untried?
To find how far our liberty extends,
And how refound we were
Re-edified
By th' Shepherd, and by the Son of the carpenter?
May not this skill and love in him requite
The white and better stone to mark,
And t' raise this time above all others higher,
Wherein He came (through Light)
Into the dark,
For to restore unto mankind its sight?
Most sure it will: and where neglect denies
To be observant of the day,
It proves not only forfeiture of eyes,
But all parts seem asleep
Or gone astray-
So's the house again unbuilt, and lost the sheep.The Year Of The Trouble In Lancashire
The skies are pale, the trees are stiff,
The earth is dull and old;
The frost is glittering as if
The very sun were cold.
And hunger fell is joined with frost,
To make men thin and wan:
Come, babe, from heaven, or we are lost;
Be born, O child of man.
The children cry, the women shake,
The strong men stare about;
They sleep when they should be awake,
They wake ere night is out.
For they have lost their heritage-
No sweat is on their brow:
Come, babe, and bring them work and wage;
Be born, and save us now.
Across the sea, beyond our sight,
Roars on the fierce debate;
The men go down in bloody fight,
The women weep and hate;
And in the right be which that may,
Surely the strife is long!
Come, son of man, thy righteous way,
And right will have no wrong.
Good men speak lies against thine own-
Tongue quick, and hearing slow;
They will not let thee walk alone,
And think to serve thee so:
If they the children's freedom saw
In thee, the children's king,
They would be still with holy awe,
Or only speak to sing.
Some neither lie nor starve nor fight,
Nor yet the poor deny;
But in their hearts all is not right,-
They often sit and sigh.
We need thee every day and hour,
In sunshine and in snow:
Child-king, we pray with all our power-
Be born, and save us so.
We are but men and women, Lord;
Thou art a gracious child!
O fill our hearts, and heap our board,
Pray thee-the winter's wild!
The sky is sad, the trees are bare,
Hunger and hate about:
Come, child, and ill deeds and ill fare
Will soon be driven out.Hark! In the air, around, above,
The Angelic Music soars and swells,
And, in the Garden that I love,
I hear the sound of Christmas Bells.
From hamlet hollow, village height,
The silvery Message seems to start,
And, far away, its notes to-night
Are surging through the city's heart.
Assurance clear to those who fret
O'er vanished Faith and feelings fled,
That not in English homes is yet
Tradition dumb, or Reverence dead:
Nor, when anew from town-girt tower
Or fen-swept spire the Yule-bells peal,
Are those who watch o'er England's power
Too wise to pray, too proud to kneel.
Now onward floats the sacred tale,
Past leafless woodlands, freezing rills;
It wakes from sleep the silent vale,
It skims the mere, it scales the hills;
And, rippling on up rings of space,
Sounds faint and fainter as more high,
Till mortal ear no more may trace
The music homeward to the sky.
To courtly roof and rustic cot
Old comrades wend from far and wide:
Now is the ancient feud forgot,
The growing grudge is laid aside.
Bright on the board the gifts are spread,
The flagons gleam, the trenchers smoke;
The boar's is now the laurelled head,
Now is the Feast of simple folk.
The agëd tell of ancient cheer,
And boast 'twas merrier then than now;
The children shout `A glad New Year!'
And kiss beneath the berried bough.
But, in the pauses of their mirth,
The Heavenly Hymn is carolled still:
`Glory to God on high, on Earth
Peace, and to all mankind good-will.'
Peace and good-will 'twixt rich and poor!
Good-will and peace 'twixt class and class!
Let old with new, let Prince with boor,
Send round the bowl, and drain the glass!
That still behind the steely sea,
That guards our greatness like a sword,
The free-born children of the free
May own one law, one land, one lord;
And never in our midst may sound
Discordant voice or threat morose,
But every Year that circles round
May find and bind us yet more close.
But not alone for those who still
Within the Mother-Land abide,
We deck the porch, we dress the sill,
And fling the portals open wide.
But unto all of British blood,-
Whether they cling to Egbert's Throne,
Or, far beyond the Western flood,
Have reared a Sceptre of their own,
And, half-regretful, yearn to win
Their way back home, and fondly claim
The rightful share of kith and kin
In Alfred's glory, Shakespeare's fame,-
We pile the logs, we troll the stave,
We waft the tidings wide and far,
And speed the wish, on wind and wave,
To Southern Cross and Northern Star.
Yes! Peace on earth, Atlantic strand!
Peace and good-will, Pacific shore!
Across the waters stretch your hand,
And be our brothers more and more!
Blood of our blood, in every clime!
Race of our race, by every sea!
To you we sing the Christmas rhyme,
For you we light the Christmas-tree.THREE DAMSELS in the queen’s chamber,
The queen’s mouth was most fair;
She spake a word of God’s mother
As the combs went in her hair.
Mary that is of might,
Bring us to thy Son’s sight.
They held the gold combs out from her,
A span’s length off her head;
She sang this song of God’s mother
And of her bearing-bed.
Mary most full of grace,
Bring us to thy Son’s face.
When she sat at Joseph’s hand,
She looked against her side;
And either way from the short silk band
Her girdle was all wried.
Mary that all good may,
Bring us to thy Son’s way.
Mary had three women for her bed,
The twain were maidens clean;
The first of them had white and red,
The third had riven green.
Mary that is so sweet,
Bring us to thy Son’s feet.
She had three women for her hair,
Two were gloved soft and shod;
The third had feet and fingers bare,
She was the likest God.
Mary that wieldeth land,
Bring us to thy Son’s hand.
She had three women for her ease,
The twain were good women:
The first two were the two Maries,
The third was Magdalen.
Mary that perfect is,
Bring us to thy Son’s kiss.
Joseph had three workmen in his stall,
To serve him well upon;
The first of them were Peter and Paul,
The third of them was John.
Mary, God’s handmaiden,
Bring us to thy Son’s ken.
“If your child be none other man’s,
But if it be very mine,
The bedstead shall be gold two spans,
The bedfoot silver fine.”
Mary that made God mirth,
Bring us to thy Son’s birth.
“If the child be some other man’s,
And if it be none of mine,
The manger shall be straw two spans,
Betwixen kine and kine.”
Mary that made sin cease,
Bring us to thy Son’s peace.
Christ was born upon this wise,
It fell on such a night,
Neither with sounds of psalteries,
Nor with fire for light.
Mary that is God’s spouse,
Bring us to thy Son’s house.
The star came out upon the east
With a great sound and sweet:
Kings gave gold to make him feast
And myrrh for him to eat.
Mary, of thy sweet mood,
Bring us to thy Son’s good.
He had two handmaids at his head,
One handmaid at his feet;
The twain of them were fair and red,
The third one was right sweet.
Mary that is most wise,
Bring us to thy Son’s eyes. Amen.It chanced upon the merry merry Christmas eve,
I went sighing past the church across the moorland dreary-
'Oh! never sin and want and woe this earth will leave,
And the bells but mock the wailing round, they sing so cheery.
How long, O Lord! how long before Thou come again?
Still in cellar, and in garret, and on moorland dreary
The orphans moan, and widows weep, and poor men toil in vain,
Till earth is sick of hope deferred, though Christmas bells be cheery.'
Then arose a joyous clamour from the wild-fowl on the mere,
Beneath the stars, across the snow, like clear bells ringing,
And a voice within cried-'Listen!-Christmas carols even here!
Though thou be dumb, yet o'er their work the stars and snows are singing.
Blind! I live, I love, I reign; and all the nations through
With the thunder of my judgments even now are ringing.
Do thou fulfil thy work but as yon wild-fowl do,
Thou wilt heed no less the wailing, yet hear through it angels singing.'
Eversley, 1849.In the bleak mid-winter
Frosty wind made moan,
Earth stood hard as iron,
Water like a stone;
Snow had fallen, snow on snow,
Snow on snow,
In the bleak mid-winter
Long ago.
Our God, Heaven cannot hold Him,
Nor earth sustain;
Heaven and earth shall flee away
When He comes to reign:
In the bleak mid-winter
A stable-place sufficed
The Lord God Almighty
Jesus Christ.
Enough for Him whom cherubim
Worship night and day,
A breastful of milk
And a mangerful of hay;
Enough for Him whom angels
Fall down before,
The ox and ass and camel
Which adore.
Angels and archangels
May have gathered there.
Cherubim and seraphim
Thronged the air,
But only His mother
In her maiden bliss
Worshipped the Beloved
With a kiss.
What can I give Him,
Poor as I am?
If I were a shepherd
I would bring a lamb,
If I were a wise man
I would do my part, -
Yet what I can I give Him,
Give my heartTUNE--'God rest ye, merry gentleman.'
GOD rest ye, merry gentlemen; let nothing you dismay,
For Jesus Christ, our Saviour, was born on Christmas-day.
The dawn rose red o'er Bethlehem, the stars shone through the gray,
When Jesus Christ, our Saviour, was born on Christmas-day.
God rest ye, little children; let nothing you affright,
For Jesus Christ, your Saviour, was born this happy night;
Along the hills of Galilee the white flocks sleeping lay,
When Christ, the Child of Nazareth, was born on Christmas-day.
God rest ye, all good Christians; upon this blessed morn
The Lord of all good Christians was of a woman born:
Now all your sorrows He doth heal, your sins He takes away;
For Jesus Christ, our Saviour, was born on Christmas-day.God bless you all this Christmas Day
And drive the cares and griefs away.
Oh, may the shining Bethlehem star
Which led the wise men from afar
Upon your heads, good sirs, still glow
To light the path that ye should go.
As God once blessed the stable grim
And made it radiant for Him;
As it was fit to shield His Son,
May thy roof be a holy one;
May all who come this house to share
Rest sweetly in His gracious care.
Within thy walls may peace abide,
The peace for which the Savior died.
Though humble be the rafters here,
Above them may the stars shine clear,
And in this home thou lovest well
May excellence of spirit dwell.
God bless you all this Christmas Day;
May Bethlehem's star still light thy way
And guide thee to the perfect peace
When every fear and doubt shall cease.
And may thy home such glory know
As did the stable long ago.Babe Jesus lay in Mary's lap,
The sun shone in his hair;
And this was how she saw, mayhap,
The crown already there.
For she sang: 'Sleep on, my little king;
Bad Herod dares not come;
Before thee sleeping, holy thing,
The wild winds would be dumb.'
'I kiss thy hands, I kiss thy feet,
My child, so long desired;
Thy hands will never be soiled, my sweet;
Thy feet will never be tired.'
'For thou art the king of men, my son;
Thy crown I see it plain!
And men shall worship thee, every one,
And cry, Glory! Amen!'
Babe Jesus he opened his eyes wide-
At Mary looked her lord.
Mother Mary stinted her song and sighed;
Babe Jesus said never a word.So now is come our joyful'st feast,
Let every man be jolly.
Each room with ivy leaves is drest,
And every post with holly.
Though some churls at our mirth repine,
Round your foreheads garlands twine,
Drown sorrow in a cup of wine,
And let us all be merry.
Now all our neighbors' chimneys smoke,
And Christmas blocks are burning;
Their ovens they with bak'd-meats choke,
And all their spits are turning.
Without the door let sorrow lie,
And if for cold it hap to die,
We'll bury 't in a Christmas pie,
And evermore be merry.
Now every lad is wondrous trim,
And no man minds his labor;
Our lasses have provided them
A bag-pipe and a tabor.
Young men and maids and girls and boys
Give life to one another's joys,
And you anon shall by their noise
Perceive that they are merry.
Rank misers now do sparing shun,
Their hall of music soundeth,
And dogs thence with whole shoulders run,
So all things there aboundeth.
The country folk themselves advance,
For crowdy-mutton's come out of France.
And Jack shall pipe and Jill shall dance,
And all the town be merry.
Ned Swash hath fetch'd his bands from pawn,
And all his best apparel;
Brisk Nell hath bought a ruff of lawn
With droppings of the barrel;
And those that hardly all the year
Had bread to eat or rags to wear,
Will have both clothes and dainty fare,
And all the day be merry.
Now poor men to the justices
With capons make their arrants,
And if they hap to fail of these
They plague them with their warrants.
But now they feed them with good cheer,
And what they want they take in beer,
For Christmas comes but once a year,
And then they shall be merry.
Good farmers in the country nurse
The poor, that else were undone.
Some landlords spend their money worse,
On lust and pride at London.
There the roisters they do play,
Drab and dice their land away,
Which may be ours another day;
And therefore let's be merry.
The client now his suit forbears,
The prisoner's heart is eased,
The debtor drinks away his cares,
And for the time is pleased.
Though others' purses be more fat,
Why should we pine or grieve at that?
Hang sorrow, care will kill a cat,
And therefore let's be merry.
Hark how the wags abroad do call
Each other forth to rambling;
Anon you'll see them in the hall
For nuts and apples scrambling.
Hark how the roofs with laughters sound!
Anon they'll think the house goes round,
For they the cellar's depth have found,
And there they will be merry.
The wenches with their wassail bowls
About the streets are singing,
The boys are come to catch the owls,
The wild mare in is bringing.
Our kitchen boy hath broke his box,
And to the dealing of the ox
Our honest neighbors come by flocks,
And here they will be merry.
Now kings and queens poor sheepcotes have,
And mate with everybody;
The honest now may play the knave,
And wise men play at noddy.
Some youths will now a-mumming go,
Some others play at rowlandhoe,
And twenty other gameboys moe,
Because they will be merry.
Then wherefore in these merry days
Should we, I pray, be duller?
No, let us sing some roundelays
To make our mirth the fuller.
And, whilst thus inspir'd we sing,
Let all the streets with echoes ring,
Woods and hills and everything,
Bear witness we are merry.On a early summer day
while shepherds fed their flocks hay
all the earth was rejoicing
about the coming king.
Angels sang, appeared in great glory
and told scared men the blessed story,
early in the morn, of the child being born,
the Prince of peace, the creator God, Jesus the Christ
for whom a manger sufficed.
A star guided wise men right through the night
they followed its bright light
and over a stable it halted its flight
where they found the child they sought
and bowed before the king
seeing the mild maiden mother glowing
with admiration, worshipping Him,
they gave the treasures that they brought
and the world was at peace
while God walked among men
and now like then:
giving out His love that never ceases.The Christ-child lay on Mary's lap,
His hair was like a light.
(O weary, weary were the world,
But here is all aright.)
The Christ-child lay on Mary's breast
His hair was like a star.
(O stern and cunning are the kings,
But here the true hearts are.)
The Christ-child lay on Mary's heart,
His hair was like a fire.
(O weary, weary is the world,
But here the world's desire.)
The Christ-child stood on Mary's knee,
His hair was like a crown,
And all the flowers looked up at Him,
And all the stars looked down
'A Christmas Carol' poem
I
The shepherds went their hasty way,
And found the lowly stable-shed
Where the Virgin-Mother lay:
And now they checked their eager tread,
For to the Babe, that at her bosom clung,
A Mother's song the Virgin-Mother sung.
II
They told her how a glorious light,
Streaming from a heavenly throng.
Around them shone, suspending night!
While sweeter than a mother's song,
Blest Angels heralded the Savior's birth,
Glory to God on high! and Peace on Earth.
III
She listened to the tale divine,
And closer still the Babe she pressed:
And while she cried, the Babe is mine!
The milk rushed faster to her breast:
Joy rose within her, like a summer's morn;
Peace, Peace on Earth! the Prince of Peace is born.
IV
Thou Mother of the Prince of Peace,
Poor, simple, and of low estate!
That strife should vanish, battle cease,
O why should this thy soul elate?
Sweet Music's loudest note, the Poet's story,
Didst thou ne'er love to hear of fame and glory?
V
And is not War a youthful king,
A stately Hero clad in mail?
Beneath his footsteps laurels spring;
Him Earth's majestic monarchs hail
Their friends, their playmate! and his bold bright eye
Compels the maiden's love-confessing sigh.
VI
Tell this in some more courtly scene,
To maids and youths in robes of state!
I am a woman poor and mean,
And wherefore is my soul elate.
War is a ruffian, all with guilt defiled,
That from the aged father's tears his child!
VII
A murderous fiend, by fiends adored,
He kills the sire and starves the son;
The husband kills, and from her board
Steals all his widow's toil had won;
Plunders God's world of beauty; rends away
All safety from the night, all comfort from the day.
VIII
Then wisely is my soul elate,
That strife should vanish, battle cease:
I'm poor and of low estate,
The Mother of the Prince of Peace.
Joy rises in me, like a summer's morn:
Peace, Peace on Earth! The Prince of Peace is born!FOR THE SUNDAY-SCHOOL CHILDREN OF THE CHURCH OF THE DISCIPLES
'What means this glory round our feet,'
The Magi mused, 'more bright than morn?'
And voices chanted clear and sweet,
'To-day the Prince of Peace is born!'
'What means that star,' the Shepherds said,
'That brightens through the rocky glen?'
And angels, answering overhead,
Sang, 'Peace on earth, good-will to men!'
'Tis eighteen hundred years and more
Since those sweet oracles were dumb;
We wait for Him, like them of yore;
Alas, He seems so slow to come!
But it was said, in words of gold
No time or sorrow e'er shall dim,
That little children might be bold
In perfect trust to come to Him.
All round about our feet shall shine
A light like that the wise men saw,
If we our loving wills incline
To that sweet Life which is the Law.
So shall we learn to understand
The simple faith of shepherds then,
And, clasping kindly hand in hand,
Sing, 'Peace on earth, good-will to men!'
And they who do their souls no wrong,
But keep at eve the faith of morn,
Shall daily hear the angel-song,
'To-day the Prince of Peace is born!'Come back, Dear Lord, a Second Time,
Your Loving Kindness is a Crime,
Your Gospel, Jesus, was in vain,
Your followers are quite insane.
Why should we want to be forgiven
And end up in your boring Heaven?
Come heal our sickness, heal our pain
And we'll nail You to the Cross again!
If you try a Resurrection
We'll finish you off with a lethal injection! !There’s a song in the air!
There’s a star in the sky!
There’s a mother’s deep prayer
And a baby’s low cry!
And the star rains its fire while the beautiful sing,
For the manger of Bethlehem cradles a King!
There’s a tumult of joy
O’er the wonderful birth,
For the virgin’s sweet Boy
is the Lord of the earth.
Ay! the star rains its fire while the beautiful sing,
For the manger of Bethlehem cradles a King!
In the light of that star
lie the ages impearled;
And that song from afar
Has swept over the world.
Every hearth is aflame, and the beautiful sing
In the homes of the nations that Jesus is King!
We rejoice in the light,
And we echo the song
That comes down through the night
From the heavenly throng.
Ay! we shout to the lovely evangel they bring,
And we greet in His cradle our Savior and King!I.
The shepherds went their hasty way,
And found the lowly stable-shed
Where the Virgin-Mother lay:
And now they checked their eager tread,
For to the Babe, that at her bosom clung,
A Mother's song the Virgin-Mother sung.
II.
They told her how a glorious light,
Streaming from a heavenly throng.
Around them shone, suspending night!
While sweeter than a mother's song,
Blest Angels heralded the Savior's birth,
Glory to God on high! and Peace on Earth.
III.
She listened to the tale divine,
And closer still the Babe she pressed:
And while she cried, the Babe is mine!
The milk rushed faster to her breast:
Joy rose within her, like a summer's morn;
Peace, Peace on Earth! the Prince of Peace is born.
IV.
Thou Mother of the Prince of Peace,
Poor, simple, and of low estate!
That strife should vanish, battle cease,
O why should this thy soul elate?
Sweet Music's loudest note, the Poet's story,
Didst thou ne'er love to hear of fame and glory?
V.
And is not War a youthful king,
A stately Hero clad in mail?
Beneath his footsteps laurels spring;
Him Earth's majestic monarchs hail
Their friends, their playmate! and his bold bright eye
Compels the maiden's love-confessing sigh.
VI.
Tell this in some more courtly scene,
To maids and youths in robes of state!
I am a woman poor and mean,
And wherefore is my soul elate.
War is a ruffian, all with guilt defiled,
That from the aged father's tears his child!
VII.
A murderous fiend, by fiends adored,
He kills the sire and starves the son;
The husband kills, and from her board
Steals all his widow's toil had won;
Plunders God's world of beauty; rends away
All safety from the night, all comfort from the day.
VIII.
Then wisely is my soul elate,
That strife should vanish, battle cease:
I'm poor and of low estate,
The Mother of the Prince of Peace.
Joy rises in me, like a summer's morn:
Peace, Peace on Earth! The Prince of Peace is born!Crows freeze in mid-flight
And hang there
Like fire damaged decorations.
In longboats farmers
Glide out to fodder
Tossing ballast with steel pronged
Oars to a pod of cattle
Bugling steam into the evening.
Along Broderick's hillcrest
A tribe of stooping pine
File east slower than Artic thaw
While daylight leaks
Through a star pricked sky.
Baby Jesus could you know
That between the bar door
And the midnight choir
Someone would urinate a crucifix
In this year's snow?Welcome, sweet Christmas, blest be the morn
That Christ our Saviour was born!
Earth's Redeemer, to save us from all danger,
And, as the Holy Record tells, born in a manger.
Chorus --
Then ring, ring, Christmas bells,
Till your sweet music o'er the kingdom swells,
To warn the people to respect the morn
That Christ their Saviour was born.
The snow was on the ground when Christ was born,
And the Virgin Mary His mother felt very forlorn
As she lay in a horse's stall at a roadside inn,
Till Christ our Saviour was born to free us from sin.
Oh! think of the Virgin Mary as she lay
In a lowly stable on a bed of hay,
And angels watching O'er her till Christ was born,
Therefore all the people should respect Christmas morn.
The way to respect Christmas time
Is not by drinking whisky or wine,
But to sing praises to God on Christmas morn,
The time that Jesus Christ His Son was born;
Whom He sent into the world to save sinners from hell
And by believing in Him in heaven we'll dwell;
Then blest be the morn that Christ was born,
Who can save us from hell, death, and scorn.
Then he warned, and respect the Saviour dear,
And treat with less respect the New Year,
And respect always the blessed morn
That Christ our Saviour was born.
For each new morn to the Christian is dear,
As well as the morn of the New Year,
And he thanks God for the light of each new morn.
Especially the morn that Christ was born.
Therefore, good people, be warned in time,
And on Christmas morn don't get drunk with wine
But praise God above on Christmas morn,
Who sent His Son to save us from hell and scorn.
There the heavenly babe He lay
In a stall among a lot of hay,
While the Angel Host by Bethlehem
Sang a beautiful and heavenly anthem.
Christmas time ought to be held most dear,
Much more so than the New Year,
Because that's the time that Christ was born,
Therefore respect Christmas morn.
And let the rich be kind to the poor,
And think of the hardships they do endure,
Who are neither clothed nor fed,
And Many without a blanket to their bed.'Twas the night before Christmas
When all through the land
Women who have baked and
Packaged and planned
Await the morrow, like the
Garlanded tree,
With the hush of nostalgic
Expectancy.
There was that year all the
Gifts were home made.
("It's the thought that counts,
Not what you've paid")
Of course, grandma's scarf
Could have fit a giraffe
And the glaze soon came
Off Aunt Jane's carafe.
Ah yes, it's Christmas when
Our feet are sore
From traipsing around in
Store after store.
Yet our heats know the
Joy strangers' smiles have
Wished us
As we meet in passing:
A MERRY CHRISTMAS!Chorus.
What sweeter music can we bring,
Than a Carol, for to sing
The Birth of this our heavenly King?
Awake the Voice! Awake the String!
Heart, Ear, and Eye, and every thing
Awake! the while the active Finger
Runs division with the Singer.
From the Flourish they came to the Song.
Voice 1:
Dark and dull night, fly hence away,
And give the honor to this Day,
That sees December turn'd to May.
Voice 2:
If we may ask the reason, say:
The why, and wherefore all things here
Seem like the Spring-time fo the year?
Voice 3:
Why does the chilling Winter's morn
Smile, like a field beset with corn?
Or smell, like to a mead new-shorn,
Thus, on the sudden?
Voice 4:
Come and see
The cause, why things thus fragrant be:
'Tis He is born, whose quick'ning Birth
Gives life and luster, public mirth,
To Heaven and the under-Earth.
Chorus:
We see Him come, and know Him ours,
Who, with His Sun-shine, and His Showers,
Turns all the patient ground to flowers.
Voice 1:
The Darling of the World is come,
And fit it is, we find a room
To welcome Him.
Voice 2:
The nobler part
Of all the house here, is the Heart,
Chorus:
Which we will give Him; and bequeath
This Holly and this Ivy Wreath,
To do Him honor; who's our King,
And Lord of all this Revelling.A night was near, a day was near,
Between a day and night
I heard sweet voices calling clear,
Calling me:
I heard a whirr of wing on wing,
But could not see the sight;
I long to see my birds that sing,
I long to see.
Below the stars, beyond the moon,
Between the night and day
I heard a rising falling tune
Calling me:
I long to see the pipes and strings
Whereon such minstrels play;
I long to see each face that sings,
I long to see.
Today or may be not today,
Tonight or not tonight,
All voices that command or pray
Calling me,
Shall kindle in my soul such fire
And in my eyes such light
That I shall see that heart's desire
I long to see.Let ev'ry one, that hears my voice,
And understands my words, rejoice;
Let ev'ry one applaud with me
The undivided Trinity.
O turn, and tune your hearts aright,
In psalms and hymns let's all unite
In honour of the Saviour born
To us, on this auspicious morn!
It is upon this happy day
That Christians shou'd be blithe and gay,
And ev'ry hour thereof employ
To manifest their well-tim'd joy.
For on this great, this glorious morn,
The Saviour of the world was born:
And, O! how vastly bless'd are we,
This great and glorious morn to see!
This is th' important day, that brought
To ev'ry Christian, what he sought,
This is the day, that gave the blow,
Foretold unto our mortal foe!
This is the day, that did retrieve
The happiness, we lost through Eve
And Adam's fault, ere Jesus came
To save our souls from death and shame.
This is the day, that broke the net,
Wherewith we all were once beset,
This is the day, so fraught with woe
To Satan, our deluding foe.
This is the blest, momentous morn,
Whereon the Son of God was born,
The Woman's seed, ordain'd of yore
To over-turn the serpent's pow'r.
Then let us, with united voice,
Upon this hallow'd day rejoice,
And ne'er dismiss the pleasing thought
Of the salvation Jesus wrought.
O, let us ever bear in mind,
And bless, his name, who was so kind
As unto us, his help to give,
And a whole sinful world relieve!
O, let us celebrate his fame,
And magnify his holy name
Each day and night, and ev'ry hour
We live, unto our utmost pow'r!
For us He also bore the loss
Of his best blood upon the cross -
And unto God, for ever bless'd,
He made us friends, from foes profess'd.
He wash'd us clean from ev'ry fault -
Our souls, he generously bought -
And will conduct us to the sky,
However loud our vices cry.
O, let us then his praise proclaim,
And night and day exalt his fame;
For you must be extremely blind,
If you do not such goodness mind!
O, let us all exalt his fame,
On this great feast, which bears his name,
With peace, with piety, with love,
And ev'ry virtue that's above.
This feast let us entirely spend
In true devotion, to its end,
Nor any worldly thoughts admit :
But keep it holy, as is fit.
Let us avoid all foul excess,
All rioting and wantonness,
And to the church together go;
As ev'ry Christian ought to do.
It is not meet the Christian quire
Shou'd roll in sin, like swine in mire,
And this grand festival abuse,
As if they were as bad as Jews.
But they shou'd pass this feast, throughout,
Fully as sober and devout,
As children of their Sire above,
In perfect charity and love:
And, to the temple, ev'ry day
They constantly shou'd go, to pray,
Their Saviour's praises to proclaim,
And glorify his holy name.
He ne'er at any time demands
Another off'ring at our hands,
But that we all shou'd praise him, there;
For that is pleasing to his ear.
Then enter to his gates with praise,
And in his courts your voices raise:
At early morn, and ev'ning late,
Let all their Maker celebrate.
With awe unto his temple go;
For it is decent so to do:
'Tis right his praises to proclaim,
And magnify his holy name.
It is a thing, both right and good,
That ev'ry serious Christian shou'd
Adore his Saviour, night and day,
Who on the cross to save him lay.
This is the whole, that at our hands
He as a recompence demands -
'Tis all he now expects above,
For his dire agonies and love.
Then let us clap our hands, and give
Him all due honours whilst we live -
And in his courts his name applaud;
For that is grateful to our God;
But let us never dare blaspheme,
With lips prophane, the Lord supreme,
Lest we shou'd be oblig'd to go,
With Judas, to the pit below.
Unto the blessed Three-in-one,
The Father - Holy Ghost - and Son,
Let us our bounden duty pay
Each hour, each moment, of the day.Though Christmas comes once every year,
Lord Christ was born just once on earth;
The Virgin Mary gave Him birth,
And saved all mankind from sin's fear.
The day reveals God's love for man-
By being born in flesh, a boy;
This brings immense peace and great joy,
And adds true meaning to life-span.
Our Savior chose a bed of hay-
In Bethlehem's, a stable place;
Three Magi, shepherds saw His face,
As angels sang, where Jesus lay.
God's love was born in human form,
And hope afilled each human heart;
God's plan was laid right from the start,
To free mankind from satan's harm.
Copyright by Dr John Celes 22-11-2018Sometimes I wonder in the dark still of night
About you laying cold and white
In sleeps repose, gowned yet dead
A shroud of pills about your head
Your debt to asclepius surely paid
Upon that bed so neatly made
You asked of me a simple task
Not much at all to really ask
Not money nor power, not even wine
Just a moment of my time
To read you a poem
I wonder sometimes in dark the still of night
If I had read you the poem
would it have mattered
Dedicated to Carol who kept shop at the withlapoka community storeO SPRING! O Spring! O Southern Spring!
What a triumphant song you sing!
All the valley sings!
Nor only warblers who have wings;
All the peach and almond blossom
Seems young carol from their bosom
In the form of flowers,
Wandering every way
On many a spray,
Rills in the blue day,
Very bird-notes in a spray,
Filling all the valley.
And I deem that, as they dally
In the summer light intense,
In the deep Italian blue,
A subtle spirit influence
May re-enchant them to a dew
Of melody pure-hearted,
Hither and thither parted,
From the bosom of the birds,
From the gaily-feathered herds,
And they would be songs again,
One rich rain!
A peach-petal flutters down,
A white moth hath softly flown,
And we hardly know sweet note
From fair vision as they float.
All the valley sings!
An angel kindles when he dips
The fig's candelabra tips
To chrysolite, while many a vine
Amorously will incline
O'er vistas of a golden trellis,
Where a cool and shadowy well is,
All overgrown with mosses wet
And maiden-hair and violet.
O'er many a shrine
Roses twine!
Light green fountains of the palm
Fall in a blue crystal calm;
Delicate flushing lady tulips
Close their lanceolate dim dew-lips,
Their soft satiny repose
By a light hand flecked with rose;
Golden jonquils, white narcissus,
Whisper softly, 'Come, and kiss us!
Part us not from the sweet brood
Of our companions in the wood!'
Earth's fair features, every one
Instinct with spirit of the sun,
Radiate well-married hues,
Blent with air and ocean blues.
Verily I seem to stand
In a realm of fairyland,
Or I take my dazzled station
In some intense illumination
Of a missal mediæval
Yonder on the hill's upheaval,
Where we hear the convent chime,
Wrought by monk of olden time,
Whom the cloister heard intone,
And many a sun-bleached river stone,
Or the darkling cypress cone.
Cool grey clouds of olive fill
All the foldings of the hill,
While fair dawn-empetalled peaches
Gleam athwart the bloomy reaches
Of quiet harbell-mantled mountain
Gemmed with rivulet or fountain,
Shadowy evening robes, whose hem
Shines with many a water gem:
While rich oranges all golden,
In a darkling foliage holden,
Are a foil to the pale gleaming
Of oval lemon, and the beaming
Ampler cherry trees, one snow
Of blossom in the fading glow!
In pale blue evening,
Ah! the cherry seems to sing,
With a fairy bridal dower!
Pure white chalices of flower,
Pendent in a pale blue sky,
Shadowy blossom with soft eye!
Dimlit amber mysteries
We faint surmise,
Where bees hover,
And a soft moth-lover!
Oh, I would that I might know
The secret of your bridal snow,
Soul of the pure ecstasy
Softly haunting a grey sky
With such a grace
Of spirit-lace!
For it seems a happy ghost
From the seraph host!
Never bride dissolved in love,
Never saint in realms above,
Nor lark on his own music tost,
Hath more joy than this, embossed,
Shadowy, rare,
On pale blue air;
White cloud a-flower,
A very shower
Of still rapture unalloyed,
Too overjoyed
For sound of singing!
All the valley sings!
A clear rivulet is flinging
Warbled songs to the pure air,
Laughing, a young infant fair,
Ruffling softly, swiftly passes
Green-illumined among grasses,
Or red anemone to wander,
Where are violet, germander;
Child pursued in play, to ramble,
After such a sweet preamble,
Among myrtle bowers and bramble.
Green-pennoned canebrakes in the river
All around grey arches quiver;
While westering Apollo dulls
Delvèd loam, and vivid pulse,
A swart red-vestured toiler waters
From rills, who are the river's daughters.
All the valley sings!
And rings, and rings!
Ah! Nature never would have power
To breathe such ecstasy of flower,
Vernal songs of happy birds,
The young rill's delicious words,
No iris hues might bring to birth,
No heart were hers for any mirth,
If
he
were turned to common earth!
If a child so fair, so good,
Were a waif on Lethe's flood,
If one soul-source of feeling, seeing,
Were blotted from the realms of being!
She from all delight would start,
With such a horror at her heart,
She would reel dissolved, and faint
With deep dishonour of the taint!
The very girders of her hall
Crushed, her stately floor would fall.
Ourselves are the foundation-stone;
If thought fail, the world is gone;
All were ruined, wanting one.
But all the valley sings!
Nature rises on immortal wings!
And soaring, lo! she sings! she sings!
There is no death!
She saith.
O Spring! O Spring! O Southern Spring!
What a triumphal song you sing!I
Blithe friend! blithe throstle! Is it thou,
Whom I at last again hear sing,
Perched on thy old accustomed bough,
Poet-prophet of the Spring?
Yes! Singing as thou oft hast sung,
I can see thee there among
The clustered branches of my leafless oak;
Where, thy plumage gray as it,
Thou mightst unsuspected sit,
Didst thou not thyself betray
With thy penetrating lay,
Swelling thy mottled breast at each triumphant stroke.
Wherefore warble half concealed,
When thy notes are shaft and shield,
And no hand that lives would slay
Singer of such a roundelay?
Telling of thy presence thus,
Be nor coy nor timorous!
Sing loud! Sing long!
And let thy song
Usurp the air 'twixt earth and sky:
Let it soar and sink and rally,
Ripple low along the valley,
Break against the fir-trees high,
Ofttimes pausing, never dying,
While we lean where fancy bids,
Listening, with half-closèd lids,
Unto the self-same chant, most sweet, most satisfying.
II
Where hast thou been all the dumb winter days,
When neither sunlight was nor smile of flowers,
Neither life, nor love, nor frolic,
Only expanse melancholic,
With never a note of thy exhilarating lays?
But, instead, the raven's croak,
Sluggish dawns and draggled hours,
Gusts morose and callous showers,
Underneath whose cutting stroke
Huddle the seasoned kine, and even the robin cowers.
Wast thou asleep in some snug hollow
Of my hybernating oak,
Through the dripping weeks that follow
One another slow, and soak
Summer's extinguished fire and autumn's drifting smoke?
Did its waking awake thee,
Or thou it with melody?
Or together did ye both
Start from winter's sleep and sloth,
And the self-same sap that woke
Bole and branch, and sets them budding,
Is thy throat with rapture flooding?
Or, avoiding icy yoke,
When golden leaves floated on silver meres,
And pensive Autumn, keeping back her tears,
Nursed waning Summer in her quiet lap,
Didst thou timely pinions flap,
Fleeing from a land of loss,
And, with happy mates, across
Ocean's restless ridges travel,
To that lemon-scented shore
Where, beneath a deep-domed sky,
Carven of lapis-lazuli,
Golden sunlight evermore
Glistens against golden gravel,
Nor ever a snowflake falls, nor rain-clouds wheel and ravel;
Clime where I wandered once among
Ruins old with feelings young,
Whither too I count to fly
When my songful seasons die,
And with the self-same spell which, first when mine,
Intensified my youth, to temper my decline.
III
Wherefore dost thou sing, and sing?
Is it for sheer joy of singing?
Is it to hasten lagging Spring,
Or greet the Lenten lilies through turf and turf upspringing?
Dost thou sing to earth or sky?
Never comes but one reply:
Carol faint, carol high,
Ringing, ringing, ringing!
Are those iterated trills
For the down-looking daffodils,
That have strained and split their sheath,
And are listening underneath?
Or but music's prompting note,
Whereunto the lambs may skip?
Haply dost thou swell thy throat,
Only to show thy craftsmanship?
Wouldst thou pipe if none should hearken?
If the sky should droop and darken,
And, as came the hills more close,
Moody March to wooing Spring
Sudden turned a mouth morose,-
Unheeded wouldst, unheeding, sing?
What is it rules thy singing season?
Instinct, that diviner reason,
To which the thirst to know seemeth a sort of treason?
If it be,
Enough for me,
And any motive for thy music I
Will not ask thee to impart,
Letting my head play traitor to my heart,
Too deeply questioning why.
Sing for nothing, if thou wilt,
Or, if thou for aught must sing,
Sing unto thy anxious spouse,
Sitting somewhere 'mong the boughs,
In the nest that thou hast built,
Underneath her close-furled wing
Future carols fostering.
Sing, because it is thy bent;
Sing, to heighten thy content!
Sing, for secret none can guess;
Sing for very uselessness!
Sing for love of love and pleasure,
Unborn joy, unfound treasure,
Rapture no words can reach, yearning no thoughts can measure!
IV
Why dost thou ever cease to sing?
Singing is such sweet comfort, who,
If he could sing the whole year through,
Would barter it for anything?
Why do not thou and joy their reign assert
Over winter, death, and hurt?
If thou forcest them to flee,
They in turn will banish thee,
Making life betwixt ye thus
Mutably monotonous.
O, why dost thou not perch and pipe perpetually?
All the answer I do get,
Is louder, madder music yet;
Thus rebuking: Thou dost err!
I am no philosopher;
Only a poet, forced to sing,
When the cold gusts gather and go,
When the earth stirs in its tomb,
And, asudden, witching Spring
Into her bosom sucks the snow,
To give it back in thorn and cherry-bloom:
When along the hedgerows twinkle
Roguish eyes of periwinkle,
When with undulating glee
Yaffles scream from tree to tree,
And on every bank are seen
Primroses that long have been
Lying in wait with ambushed eyes
To break forth when Winter flies,
Joined by all things swift and sweet,
Following him with noiseless feet,
Pelting him with April showers,
Chasing and chanting his defeat,
Till with undisputed flowers
Thronged are all the lanes to greet
Dove-like inspiring Spring, many-voiced Paraclete.
V
Therefore, glad bird! warble, and shrill, and carol,
Now that Earth whom winter stripped,
Putteth on her Spring apparel,
Daintily woven, gaily tipped;
Now that in the tussocked mead
Lambkins one another jostle,-
Carol, carol! jocund throstle!
Impregnating the air with thy melodious seed,
Which, albeit scattered late,
Now will quickly germinate,
Giving us who waited long
Vernal harvest of ripe song:
Which, I do perceive, was sent
Nowise to deepen argument,
Rather to teach me how, like thee,
To merge doubt in melody.
Sing, sing away,
All through the day,
Lengthening out the twilight gray,
And with thy trebles of delight
Invade the threshold of the night:
Until felicity, too high, too deep,
Saturated senses steep,
And all that lives and loves subside to songless sleep.The hot summer how did make me forget,
Those buds in spring whose I not know,
Earth be staring at sun and I be finding a date,
To claim her with stares and kiss and bow,
Those woods in yellow standing far alone,
All with rare hats and rarest glow,
And all shall be in dark when asks them none,
Like as in good times all try to show.
Long, long I stare at those listless bees,
With my true eyes that minutes not spare,
Then when a golden sunbird at them sees,
Both embrace in nuptials with their breasts, bare.
The more you stare at those glittering flowers,
The more heart shall wish to spend more hours.Christina, you a village girl
Going with
The copy
Of the holy Bible
Into the hands
Of yours
To sing a Christmas carol.
The countryside,
the wilds,
The houses with pastoral settings
With the blooms
Bedecking,
The shepherds frolicking,
The psalms and hymns
Taking the days.
Come, come Christina,
Come and sing you
The carol
In the company
To celebrate happy Christmas,
Light the candles,
The bells tolling,
the Cross sparkling.Walmart, the modern day Scrooge tiz.
Billionaire Walton family
Cares only about greedy biz.
Their workers slave in poverty.
Some union backed Xmas ghosts do
Picket and strike the Walmart stores,
Relentless PR campaign to
Dry up the cash register drawers,
Force this Scrooge from such wicked ways,
Pay more wages, Walmart, or close.
No job's better the more it pays,
As any laid off worker knows.
Go elsewhere with the shopping cart.
Shame the Dickens out of Walmart.The snow-capped hills I stare through,
And what I gaze beside a wood full of oaks,
Sculptured mists in each long bough,
With each twig of cuckoo and no more croaks,
And frozen waves like a white-manned troop,
As if they're blind and their shores in dark,
And far away drizzles with each one's own group,
O'er peerless beetles beneath all wet barks.
Sun's now hidden and nights in dream,
With light clouds at edges as black as ink,
And icy lakes with drowned man's sweet scream
And you go deep in it in each erroneous blink.
And what I see are joys in million gowns of dew,
All like happy tears of earth in an eon, new.Tomb, thou shalt not hold Him longer;
Death is strong, but Life is stronger,
Stronger than the dark, the light,
Stronger than the wrong, the right,
Faith and Hope triumphant say
Christ will rise on Easter Day.
While the patient earth lies waking
Till the morning shall be breaking,
Shuddering 'neath the burden dread
of her Master, cold and dead ---
Hark! she hears the Angels say
Christ will rise on Easter Day.
Up and down our lives obedient
Walk dear Christ, with footsteps radiant,
Till those garden lives shall be
Fair with duties done for Thee
And our thankful spirits say,
Christ arose on Easter Day.
And when sunrise smites the mountains,
Pouring light fom Heavenly fountains.
Then the earth blooms out to greet
Once again the blessed feet;
And her countless voices say
Christ has risen on Easter Day.Nowell, nowell, nowell, nowell,
Tydyng' gode y thyngke to telle
The borys hede that we bryng here,
Betokeneth a p'nce with owte pere,
Ys born this day to bye v' dere,
Nowell, &c.
A bore ys a souerayn beste,
And acceptable in eu'y feste,
So mote thys lorde be to moste & leste,
Nowell, &c.
This borys hede we bryng with song,
In worchyp of hym that thus sprang
Of a virgine to redresse all wrong,
Nowell, &c.Now Winter hath drifted
To bygone years,
And the sod is uplifted
By crocus spears;
And out of the hive the bee wings humming,
And we know that the Spring, the Spring, is coming.
For the snow hath melted
From sunless cleft,
And the clouds that pelted
Slant sleet have left
The sky as blue as a child's gaze after
Its tears have vanished and veered to laughter.
See! light is gleaming
In primrose brakes,
And out of its dreaming
The speedwell wakes,
And the tender tips of the timid clover
Peep forth to see if the frost be over.
The celandine gazes
Straight at the sun;
The starlike daisies
Peer one by one;
And, over the pool where the sallow glistens,
The daffodil hangs its head and listens.
At first but single,
And then in flocks,
In dell and dingle
The lady-smocks
Make mist for the golden cowslip tapers
To shine like sunrise through morning vapours.
In fat-ribbed fallows
The lapwings nest,
And the home-coming swallows
Seek out where best
They may build, with a love that is sure and stable,
Their cosy cribs under last year's gable.
The blackcaps treble
A strain as sweet
As stream o'er pebble,
Or wind through wheat,
While, like flickering light, the kinglet hovers
Round woodbined haven of hiding lovers.
The lark chants, soaring
From moist brown heath,
'Twixt Heaven's high flooring
And earth beneath,
Like a true wise poet, in wavering weather,
A carol to link the twain together.
The cuckoo, flaunting
O'er glen and glade,
Flies loudly vaunting
New loves betrayed,
Till we all of us echo the madcap saying,
And laugh, and joyously wend a'maying.
Then in mask and tabard
The mummer trips,
And out of its scabbard
The iris slips,
And calls to the lily and rose, ``Why tarry,
Now the nightingale under the silence starry,
``Keeps trilling, trilling,
Its nest above,
The descant thrilling
Of straining love,
That yearneth for more-more-more,-till gladness,
Still winged with wanting, seems one with sadness.''
But once the roses
And lilies blow,
Our wilding posies
Follow the snow,
And, turning to greet the fair new comer,
We find the face of the fearless Summer.
But though sultry shimmer
And panting heat
Lure senses dimmer
To deem them sweet,
Who would not exchange their passionate thunder
For May's moist blushes of maiden wonder?
But Winter hath drifted
To bygone years,
And the sod is uplifted
By crocus spears;
And out of the hive the bee wings humming,
And we know that the Spring is coming, coming!Back in 1957, kissing Carol Ann behind the barn in the middle of a windswept field of Goldenrod with a sudden deer watching was something special, let me tell you. Back then, bobby sox and big barrettes and ponytails were everywhere.
Like many farmers, Carol Ann's father had a console radio in the living room, and every Saturday night the family would gather ‘round with bowls of ice cream and listen to The Grand Ole Opry. It was beamed "all the way" from Nashville I was told more than once since I was from Chicago and sometimes wore a tie so how could I know.
On my first visit, I asked Carol Ann if the Grand Ole Opry was the Mormon Tabernacle Choir of country music and she said not to say that to her father. She suggested I just tap my foot to the music and let him watch me. Otherwise, I'd best be quiet and say "Yup, " "Nope" or "Maybe" if asked any questions which she didn't think would happen. No need to say much more, she said, and after a few visits, I understood why.
Over time, I learned to tap my foot pretty good to the music because when I'd come to visit, her father would insist I have a bowl of ice cream with the family. I liked the ice cream but not so much the Grand Ole Opry. I'd been weaned on Sinatra in the city. Big difference, let me tell you.
But back in 1957 kissing Carol Ann behind the barn was something special since we couldn't do much more until I found employment. Only then, her father said, could we get married. I found no jobs in town, however, for a bespectacled man with degrees in English.
Still, I always found the weekend drives from Chicago worth the gas my Rambler drank because kissing Carol Ann brought a bit of heaven down behind that barn, especially on summer nights when fireflies were the only stars we saw when our eyes popped open. It was like the Fourth of July with tiny sparklers twinkling everywhere.
Now,55 years later, Carol Ann sometimes mentions fireflies at dusk as we dance behind the cows to coax them into the barn for the night. I'm still not too good with cows despite my John Deere cap, plaid shirt and overalls which proves, she says, that all that kissing behind the barn in 1957 took the boy out of the city but not the city out of the boy.
"Hee Haw" is all I ever say in response because I know why I'm there. It's to keep tapping the cows on the rump till we get them back in the barn so we can go back in the house and start with a kiss and later on come back downstairs for two big bowls of ice cream.Against all odds you rose
To reach your many dreams
And turned around the words of those
Who had no faith in you, it seems.
Indeed, you found your place
Where you gave what you had best,
Put so much laughter on my face
I was blessed by your comic jest.
The years had seen you bloom
Where the stage had been so kind
In our homes you always had room
No funnier lady I could find.
I'd like to thank you for the laughs
The shows that bring back memories
And your life did more than enough
To touch it somehow with cheers.
Cynthia Buhain-Baello~~~09.11.14‘As the sun that shines through glass,
so Jesus in his mother was; ’
as a babe in cot be laid,
so was He in Mary made;
as ripe fruit in basket laden,
so He ripened in a maiden;
as the scriptures long foretold,
so He came at midnight cold;
as the world wakes to warm dawn,
for the world, was Jesus born;
as God’s message comes to earth,
so He came in human birth;
as the truth has its own sound,
so His Word is spread around;
as wise men are first to know,
so tell all men, it is so:
as the smile upon God’s face,
so He brings us heaven’s grace;
as our hearts are warmed by love,
as our minds are stilled by peace,
so we know the heavens above;
so we know our own soul’s bliss;
as the sun that lights our days,
cradled in each heart He lays.The bonfires of midwinter burn;
we conjure up the sun's return.
This is the black depth of the year
in which the seasons, circling near,
are pulled into the vortex; here
the bonfires of midwinter burn.
The quickening spirits of the Spring
whirl round their bright bewildering,
and with the energies they bring
we conjure up the sun's return.
The Summer's heavy heat and bloom
is swept into December's gloom
and heady ripeness fills the room.
The bonfires of midwinter burn.
The fallen leaves and fruits of Fall
attend us, and, as we recall
that grey rain's ever drifting shawl,
we conjure up the sun's return.
We gather round the towering tree
in whose perpetual green we see
this old earth's ancient potency.
The bonfires of midwinter burn.
The radiant necklace threaded bright
within the leaves reclaims delight
for darkness and within its light
we conjure up the sun's return.
Traditions ancient as the earth
tell how within this cold and dearth
there blooms miraculous rebirth.
The bonfires of midwinter burn,
and we lift up our voices to
the heart of life that will renew
itself in us and all we do.
The bonfires of midwinter burn;
we conjure up the sun's return.COME closer to me;
Push close, my lovers, and take the best I possess;
Yield closer and closer, and give me the best you possess.
This is unfinish'd business with me--How is it with you?
(I was chill'd with the cold types, cylinder, wet paper between us.)
Male and Female!
I pass so poorly with paper and types, I must pass with the contact
of bodies and souls.
American masses!
I do not thank you for liking me as I am, and liking the touch of
me--I know that it is good for you to do so.
This is the carol of occupations;                                  10
In the labor of engines and trades, and the labor of fields, I find the developments,
And find the eternal meanings.
Workmen and Workwomen!
Were all educations, practical and ornamental, well display'd out of
me, what would it amount to?
Were I as the head teacher, charitable proprietor, wise statesman,
what would it amount to?
Were I to you as the boss employing and paying you, would that
satisfy you?
The learn'd, virtuous, benevolent, and the usual terms;
A man like me, and never the usual terms.
Neither a servant nor a master am I;
I take no sooner a large price than a small price--I will have my
own, whoever enjoys me;                                      20
I will be even with you, and you shall be even with me.
If you stand at work in a shop, I stand as nigh as the nighest in the
same shop;
If you bestow gifts on your brother or dearest friend, I demand as
good as your brother or dearest friend;
If your lover, husband, wife, is welcome by day or night, I must be
personally as welcome;
If you become degraded, criminal, ill, then I become so for your
sake;
If you remember your foolish and outlaw'd deeds, do you think I
cannot remember my own foolish and outlaw'd deeds?
If you carouse at the table, I carouse at the opposite side of the
table;
If you meet some stranger in the streets, and love him or her--why I
often meet strangers in the street, and love them.
Why, what have you thought of yourself?
Is it you then that thought yourself less?                         30
Is it you that thought the President greater than you?
Or the rich better off than you? or the educated wiser than you?
Because you are greasy or pimpled, or that you were once drunk, or a
thief,
Or diseas'd, or rheumatic, or a prostitute--or are so now;
Or from frivolity or impotence, or that you are no scholar, and never
saw your name in print,
Do you give in that you are any less immortal?
Souls of men and women! it is not you I call unseen, unheard,
untouchable and untouching;
It is not you I go argue pro and con about, and to settle whether you
are alive or no;
I own publicly who you are, if nobody else owns.
Grown, half-grown, and babe, of this country and every country, in-
doors and out-doors, one just as much as the other, I see,   40
And all else behind or through them.
The wife--and she is not one jot less than the husband;
The daughter--and she is just as good as the son;
The mother--and she is every bit as much as the father.
Offspring of ignorant and poor, boys apprenticed to trades,
Young fellows working on farms, and old fellows working on farms,
Sailor-men, merchant-men, coasters, immigrants,
All these I see--but nigher and farther the same I see;
None shall escape me, and none shall wish to escape me.
I bring what you much need, yet always have,                       50
Not money, amours, dress, eating, but as good;
I send no agent or medium, offer no representative of value, but
offer the value itself.
There is something that comes home to one now and perpetually;
It is not what is printed, preach'd, discussed--it eludes discussion
and print;
It is not to be put in a book--it is not in this book;
It is for you, whoever you are--it is no farther from you than your
hearing and sight are from you;
It is hinted by nearest, commonest, readiest--it is ever provoked by
them.
You may read in many languages, yet read nothing about it;
You may read the President's Message, and read nothing about it
there;
Nothing in the reports from the State department or Treasury
department, or in the daily papers or the weekly papers,     60
Or in the census or revenue returns, prices current, or any accounts
of stock.
The sun and stars that float in the open air;
The apple-shaped earth, and we upon it--surely the drift of them is
something grand!
I do not know what it is, except that it is grand, and that it is
happiness,
And that the enclosing purport of us here is not a speculation, or
bon-mot, or reconnoissance,
And that it is not something which by luck may turn out well for us,
and without luck must be a failure for us,
And not something which may yet be retracted in a certain
contingency.
The light and shade, the curious sense of body and identity, the
greed that with perfect complaisance devours all things, the
endless pride and out-stretching of man, unspeakable joys and
sorrows,
The wonder every one sees in every one else he sees, and the wonders
that fill each minute of time forever,
What have you reckon'd them for, camerado?                         70
Have you reckon'd them for a trade, or farm-work? or for the profits
of a store?
Or to achieve yourself a position? or to fill a gentleman's leisure,
or a lady's leisure?
Have you reckon'd the landscape took substance and form that it might
be painted in a picture?
Or men and women that they might be written of, and songs sung?
Or the attraction of gravity, and the great laws and harmonious
combinations, and the fluids of the air, as subjects for the
savans?
Or the brown land and the blue sea for maps and charts?
Or the stars to be put in constellations and named fancy names?
Or that the growth of seeds is for agricultural tables, or
agriculture itself?
Old institutions--these arts, libraries, legends, collections, and
the practice handed along in manufactures--will we rate them so
high?
Will we rate our cash and business high?--I have no objection;     80
I rate them as high as the highest--then a child born of a woman and
man I rate beyond all rate.
We thought our Union grand, and our Constitution grand;
I do not say they are not grand and good, for they are;
I am this day just as much in love with them as you;
Then I am in love with you, and with all my fellows upon the earth.
We consider bibles and religions divine--I do not say they are not
divine;
I say they have all grown out of you, and may grow out of you still;
It is not they who give the life--it is you who give the life;
Leaves are not more shed from the trees, or trees from the earth,
than they are shed out of you.
When the psalm sings instead of the singer;                        90
When the script preaches instead of the preacher;
When the pulpit descends and goes, instead of the carver that carved
the supporting desk;
When I can touch the body of books, by night or by day, and when they
touch my body back again;
When a university course convinces, like a slumbering woman and child
convince;
When the minted gold in the vault smiles like the night-watchman's
daughter;
When warrantee deeds loafe in chairs opposite, and are my friendly
companions;
I intend to reach them my hand, and make as much of them as I do of
men and women like you.
The sum of all known reverence I add up in you, whoever you are;
The President is there in the White House for you--it is not you who
are here for him;
The Secretaries act in their bureaus for you--not you here for
them;                                                       100
The Congress convenes every Twelfth-month for you;
Laws, courts, the forming of States, the charters of cities, the
going and coming of commerce and mails, are all for you.
List close, my scholars dear!
All doctrines, all politics and civilization, exurge from you;
All sculpture and monuments, and anything inscribed anywhere, are
tallied in you;
The gist of histories and statistics as far back as the records
reach, is in you this hour, and myths and tales the same;
If you were not breathing and walking here, where would they all be?
The most renown'd poems would be ashes, orations and plays would be
vacuums.
All architecture is what you do to it when you look upon it;
(Did you think it was in the white or gray stone? or the lines of the
arches and cornices?)                                       110
All music is what awakes from you when you are reminded by the
instruments;
It is not the violins and the cornets--it is not the oboe nor the
beating drums, nor the score of the baritone singer singing
his sweet romanza--nor that of the men's chorus, nor that of
the women's chorus,
It is nearer and farther than they.
Will the whole come back then?
Can each see signs of the best by a look in the looking-glass? is
there nothing greater or more?
Does all sit there with you, with the mystic, unseen Soul?
Strange and hard that paradox true I give;
Objects gross and the unseen Soul are one.
House-building, measuring, sawing the boards;
Blacksmithing, glass-blowing, nail-making, coopering, tin-roofing,
shingle-dressing,                                           120
Ship-joining, dock-building, fish-curing, ferrying, flagging of side-
walks by flaggers,
The pump, the pile-driver, the great derrick, the coal-kiln and
brick-kiln,
Coal-mines, and all that is down there,--the lamps in the darkness,
echoes, songs, what meditations, what vast native thoughts
looking through smutch'd faces,
Iron-works, forge-fires in the mountains, or by the river-banks--men
around feeling the melt with huge crowbars--lumps of ore, the
due combining of ore, limestone, coal--the blast-furnace and
the puddling-furnace, the loup-lump at the bottom of the melt
at last--the rolling-mill, the stumpy bars of pig-iron, the
strong, clean-shaped T-rail for railroads;
Oil-works, silk-works, white-lead-works, the sugar-house, steam-saws,
the great mills and factories;
Stone-cutting, shapely trimmings for façades, or window or door-
lintels--the mallet, the tooth-chisel, the jib to protect the
thumb,
Oakum, the oakum-chisel, the caulking-iron--the kettle of boiling
vault-cement, and the fire under the kettle,
The cotton-bale, the stevedore's hook, the saw and buck of the
sawyer, the mould of the moulder, the working-knife of the
butcher, the ice-saw, and all the work with ice,
The implements for daguerreotyping--the tools of the rigger,
grappler, sail-maker, block-maker,
Goods of gutta-percha, papier-maché, colors, brushes, brush-making,
glazier's implements,                                       130
O you robust, sacred!
I cannot tell you how I love you;
All I love America for, is contained in men and women like you.
The veneer and glue-pot, the confectioner's ornaments, the decanter
and glasses, the shears and flat-iron,
The awl and knee-strap, the pint measure and quart measure, the
counter and stool, the writing-pen of quill or metal--the
making of all sorts of edged tools,
The brewery, brewing, the malt, the vats, every thing that is done by
brewers, also by wine-makers, also vinegar-makers,
Leather-dressing, coach-making, boiler-making, rope-twisting,
distilling, sign-painting, lime-burning, cotton-picking--
electro-plating, electrotyping, stereotyping,
Stave-machines, planing-machines, reaping-machines, ploughing-
machines, thrashing-machines, steam wagons,
The cart of the carman, the omnibus, the ponderous dray;
Pyrotechny, letting off color'd fire-works at night, fancy figures
and jets;
Beef on the butcher's stall, the slaughter-house of the butcher, the
butcher in his killing-clothes,
The pens of live pork, the killing-hammer, the hog-hook, the
scalder's tub, gutting, the cutter's cleaver, the packer's
maul, and the plenteous winter-work of pork-packing;
Flour-works, grinding of wheat, rye, maize, rice--the barrels and the
half and quarter barrels, the loaded barges, the high piles on
wharves and levees;                                         140
The men, and the work of the men, on railroads, coasters, fish-boats,
canals;
The daily routine of your own or any man's life--the shop, yard,
store, or factory;
These shows all near you by day and night--workman! whoever you are,
your daily life!
In that and them the heft of the heaviest--in them far more than you
estimated, and far less also;
In them realities for you and me--in them poems for you and me;
In them, not yourself--you and your Soul enclose all things,
regardless of estimation;
In them the development good--in them, all themes and hints.
I do not affirm what you see beyond is futile--I do not advise you to
stop;
I do not say leadings you thought great are not great;
But I say that none lead to greater, than those lead to.          150
Will you seek afar off? you surely come back at last,
In things best known to you, finding the best, or as good as the
best,
In folks nearest to you finding the sweetest, strongest, lovingest;
Happiness, knowledge, not in another place, but this place--not for
another hour, but this hour;
Man in the first you see or touch--always in friend, brother, nighest
neighbor--Woman in mother, lover, wife;
The popular tastes and employments taking precedence in poems or any
where,
You workwomen and workmen of These States having your own divine and
strong life,
And all else giving place to men and women like you.Feet that could be clawed but are not ...
Arms that might have flown but did not ...
No one said 'Let there be angels!' but the birds
Whose choirs fling alleluias over the sea,
Herring gulls, black backs carolling raucously
While cormorants dry their wings on a rocky stable.
Plovers that stoop to sanctify the land
And scoop small, roundy mangers in the sand,
Swaddle a saviour each in a speckled shell.
A chaffinchy fife unreeling in the marsh
Accompanies the tune a solo thrush
Half sings, half talks in riffs of wordless words,
As hymns flare up from tiny muscled throats,
Robins and hidden wrens whose shiny notes
Tinsel the precincts of the winter sun.
What loftier organ than these pipes of beech,
Pillars resounding with the jackdaws' speech,
And poplars swayed with light like shaken bells?
Wings that could be hands, but are not ...
Cries that might be pleas but cannot
Question or disinvent the stalker's gun,
Be your own hammerbeam angels of the air
Before, in the maze of space, you disappear,
Stilled by our dazzling anthrocentric mills.EARTH, round, rolling, compact--suns, moons, animals--all these are
words to be said;
Watery, vegetable, sauroid advances--beings, premonitions, lispings
of the future,
Behold! these are vast words to be said.
Were you thinking that those were the words--those upright lines?
those curves, angles, dots?
No, those are not the words--the substantial words are in the ground
and sea,
They are in the air--they are in you.
Were you thinking that those were the words--those delicious sounds
out of your friends' mouths?
No, the real words are more delicious than they.
Human bodies are words, myriads of words;
In the best poems re-appears the body, man's or woman's, well-shaped,
natural, gay,                                                10
Every part able, active, receptive, without shame or the need of
shame.
Air, soil, water, fire--these are words;
I myself am a word with them--my qualities interpenetrate with
theirs--my name is nothing to them;
Though it were told in the three thousand languages, what would air,
soil, water, fire, know of my name?
A healthy presence, a friendly or commanding gesture, are words,
sayings, meanings;
The charms that go with the mere looks of some men and women, are
sayings and meanings also.
The workmanship of souls is by the inaudible words of the earth;
The great masters know the earth's words, and use them more than the
audible words.
Amelioration is one of the earth's words;
The earth neither lags nor hastens;                                20
It has all attributes, growths, effects, latent in itself from the
jump;
It is not half beautiful only--defects and excrescences show just as
much as perfections show.
The earth does not withhold, it is generous enough;
The truths of the earth continually wait, they are not so conceal'd
either;
They are calm, subtle, untransmissible by print;
They are imbued through all things, conveying themselves willingly,
Conveying a sentiment and invitation of the earth--I utter and utter,
I speak not, yet if you hear me not, of what avail am I to you?
To bear--to better--lacking these, of what avail am I?
Accouche! Accouchez!                                               30
Will you rot your own fruit in yourself there?
Will you squat and stifle there?
The earth does not argue,
Is not pathetic, has no arrangements,
Does not scream, haste, persuade, threaten, promise,
Makes no discriminations, has no conceivable failures,
Closes nothing, refuses nothing, shuts none out,
Of all the powers, objects, states, it notifies, shuts none out.
The earth does not exhibit itself, nor refuse to exhibit itself--
possesses still underneath;
Underneath the ostensible sounds, the august chorus of heroes, the
wail of slaves,                                              40
Persuasions of lovers, curses, gasps of the dying, laughter of young
people, accents of bargainers,
Underneath these, possessing the words that never fail.
To her children, the words of the eloquent dumb great mother never
fail;
The true words do not fail, for motion does not fail, and reflection
does not fail;
Also the day and night do not fail, and the voyage we pursue does not
fail.
Of the interminable sisters,
Of the ceaseless cotillions of sisters,
Of the centripetal and centrifugal sisters, the elder and younger
sisters,
The beautiful sister we know dances on with the rest.
With her ample back towards every beholder,                        50
With the fascinations of youth, and the equal fascinations of age,
Sits she whom I too love like the rest--sits undisturb'd,
Holding up in her hand what has the character of a mirror, while her
eyes glance back from it,
Glance as she sits, inviting none, denying none,
Holding a mirror day and night tirelessly before her own face.
Seen at hand, or seen at a distance,
Duly the twenty-four appear in public every day,
Duly approach and pass with their companions, or a companion,
Looking from no countenances of their own, but from the countenances
of those who are with them,
From the countenances of children or women, or the manly
countenance,                                                 60
From the open countenances of animals, or from inanimate things,
From the landscape or waters, or from the exquisite apparition of the
sky,
From our countenances, mine and yours, faithfully returning them,
Every day in public appearing without fail, but never twice with the
same companions.
Embracing man, embracing all, proceed the three hundred and sixty-
five resistlessly round the sun;
Embracing all, soothing, supporting, follow close three hundred and
sixty-five offsets of the first, sure and necessary as they.
Tumbling on steadily, nothing dreading,
Sunshine, storm, cold, heat, forever withstanding, passing, carrying,
The Soul's realization and determination still inheriting,
The fluid vacuum around and ahead still entering and dividing,     70
No balk retarding, no anchor anchoring, on no rock striking,
Swift, glad, content, unbereav'd, nothing losing,
Of all able and ready at any time to give strict account,
The divine ship sails the divine sea.
Whoever you are! motion and reflection are especially for you;
The divine ship sails the divine sea for you.
Whoever you are! you are he or she for whom the earth is solid and
liquid,
You are he or she for whom the sun and moon hang in the sky,
For none more than you are the present and the past,
For none more than you is immortality.                             80
Each man to himself, and each woman to herself, such is the word of
the past and present, and the word of immortality;
No one can acquire for another--not one!
Not one can grow for another--not one!
The song is to the singer, and comes back most to him;
The teaching is to the teacher, and comes back most to him;
The murder is to the murderer, and comes back most to him;
The theft is to the thief, and comes back most to him;
The love is to the lover, and comes back most to him;
The gift is to the giver, and comes back most to him--it cannot fail;
The oration is to the orator, the acting is to the actor and actress,
not to the audience;                                         90
And no man understands any greatness or goodness but his own, or the
indication of his own.
I swear the earth shall surely be complete to him or her who shall be
complete!
I swear the earth remains jagged and broken only to him or her who
remains jagged and broken!
I swear there is no greatness or power that does not emulate those of
the earth!
I swear there can be no theory of any account, unless it corroborate
the theory of the earth!
No politics, art, religion, behavior, or what not, is of account,
unless it compare with the amplitude of the earth,
Unless it face the exactness, vitality, impartiality, rectitude of
the earth.
I swear I begin to see love with sweeter spasms than that which
responds love!
It is that which contains itself--which never invites, and never
refuses.
I swear I begin to see little or nothing in audible words!        100
I swear I think all merges toward the presentation of the unspoken
meanings of the earth!
Toward him who sings the songs of the Body, and of the truths of the
earth;
Toward him who makes the dictionaries of words that print cannot
touch.
I swear I see what is better than to tell the best;
It is always to leave the best untold.
When I undertake to tell the best, I find I cannot,
My tongue is ineffectual on its pivots,
My breath will not be obedient to its organs,
I become a dumb man.
The best of the earth cannot be told anyhow--all or any is best; 110
It is not what you anticipated--it is cheaper, easier, nearer;
Things are not dismiss'd from the places they held before;
The earth is just as positive and direct as it was before;
Facts, religions, improvements, politics, trades, are as real as before;
But the Soul is also real,--it too is positive and direct;
No reasoning, no proof has establish'd it,
Undeniable growth has establish'd it.
This is a poem--a carol of words--these are hints of meanings,
These are to echo the tones of Souls, and the phrases of Souls;
If they did not echo the phrases of Souls, what were they then?   120
If they had not reference to you in especial, what were they then?
I swear I will never henceforth have to do with the faith that tells
the best!
I will have to do only with that faith that leaves the best untold.
Say on, sayers!
Delve! mould! pile the words of the earth!
Work on--(it is materials you must bring, not breaths;)
Work on, age after age! nothing is to be lost;
It may have to wait long, but it will certainly come in use;
When the materials are all prepared, the architects shall appear.
I swear to you the architects shall appear without fail! I announce
them and lead them;                                         130
I swear to you they will understand you, and justify you;
I swear to you the greatest among them shall be he who best knows
you, and encloses all, and is faithful to all;
I swear to you, he and the rest shall not forget you--they shall
perceive that you are not an iota less than they;
I swear to you, you shall be glorified in them.I SING of a maiden
That is makeles;
King of all kings
To her son she ches.
He came al so still
There his mother was,
As dew in April
That falleth on the grass.
He came al so still
To his mother's bour,
As dew in April
That falleth on the flour.
He came al so still
There his mother lay,
As dew in April
That falleth on the spray.
Mother and maiden
Was never none but she;
Well may such a lady
Goddes mother be.I sing of a maiden
That is makeles;
King of all kings
To her son she ches.
He came al so still
There his mother was,
As dew in April
That falleth on the grass.
He came al so still
To his mother's bour,
As dew in April,
That falleth on the flour.
He came al so still
There his mother lay,
As dew in April
That falleth on the spray.
Mother and maiden
Was never none but she;
Well may such a lady
Goddes mother be.Hot pokers fell into my well.
She wrote!
It's been so many moons.
She took my blood,
and analysed it all.
Those were the days,
she had the expertise,
the looks and when she said,
let's walk, we missed the frigging bus,
and walk we did, as underfoot
a thousand maple leaves,
discarded and alone,
sang out in agony of sorts,
we paid no heed, but did
for decades yet to come,
store all the music of that day
away, so sweetly far, and even further
far away.
One cannot speak of these events,
we shall not know,
what human spirits can,
in memory recall,
but in a moment when the angels sing their song
my  heart could falter and will ultimately fall.
I have been raised in a cold climate of despair.
Where only science and its disciples survive.
There cannot be a smudge of love for us to share
but will you kiss me, please to keep it all alive?Limpid eyes, quiet reticence
Reflections in the granite
Distant repose from my heart
Our tired souls find union
Ohlos limpidos numa reticencia quieta
Reflexoes vivazes piscando no granito
Um repouso distante de meu coracao
Nossas almas cansadas acha uma uniaoWhen the herds were watching
In the midnight chill,
Came a spotless lambkin
From the heavenly hill.
Snow was on the mountains,
And the wind was cold,
When from God's own garden
Dropped a rose of gold.
~~~~~
When 'twas bitter winter,
Houseless and forlorn
In a star-lit stable
Christ the Babe was born.
Welcome, heavenly lambkin;
Welcome, golden rose;
Alleluia, Baby,
In the swaddling clothes!Cold hands we may have had but not cold hearts
As, cheerfully, we children carolled round the village,
A Christmas tradition that still tries to cling on
In some secluded spots, unbended by the centuries of change
Assailing our more mean and modern world.
We sang with made-up harmonies, the well-known tunes
That are now defeated by the advent of UPVC double-glazing,
Conducted by my father, beating time with his trusty baton,
A tiny light-bulb at the tip attached by sticky tape
So sundry singers all could see the beat beneath dim streetlights.
The battered Bethlehem carol sheets, unearthed from the attic,
Were scowled at, eyes vainly grasping lost words in the gloom
But there would be no gloom within us, for we were glad
As we, resilient to the cruel cold and drifting thin drizzle
Soon to turn to steel-cold sleet and even snow, sang wholeheartedly.
For snow could only make that Christmas come more close
As “In the bleak midwinter” seemed to be more real
Amidst the bleating of chilled sheep from the hillsides
And we would not need to ask, “What can I give him? ”
We gave our simple songs with ardent heart and voice and soul.“Never fear, ” carolled Carroll to Lear
and a nymph upon whom he would leer,
“all comes clear, Alice, dear,
in a limerick here, -
as son’s lusty lute’s dodgy and queer.”In the day dream
Announces the fate of crucifixion:
Allots the bagpiper to fly
And sweet-tune the innuendos:
What precipitates after rain?
Silent drops by their hopping trails!FAIR Gratitude! in strain sublime,
Swell high to heav'n thy tuneful zeal;
And, hailing this auspicious time,
Kneel, Adoration! kneel!
CHORUS.
For lo! the day, th' immortal day,
When Mercy's full, benignant ray,
Chas'd ev'ry gathering cloud away,
And pour'd the noon of light!
Rapture! be kindling, mounting, glowing.
While from thine eye the tear is flowing,
Pure, warm, and bright!
'Twas on this day, oh, love divine!
The orient star's effulgence rose;
Then wak'd the moon, whose eye benign,
Shall never, never close!
CHORUS.
Messiah! be thy Name ador'd;
Eternal, high, redeeming Lord!
By grateful worlds be anthems pour'd,
Emanuel! Prince of Peace!
This day, from Heav'n's empyreal dwelling,
Harp, lyre, and voice, in concert swelling,
Bade discord cease!
Wake the loud Pæan, tune the voice,
Children of heav'n and sons of earth!
Seraphs and men! exult, rejoice,
To bless the Saviour's birth!
CHORUS.
Devotion! light thy purest fire!
Transport! on cherub-wing aspire!
Praise! wake to him thy golden lyre,
Strike ev'ry thrilling chord!
While at the ark of Mercy kneeling,
We own thy grace, reviving, healing,
Redeemer! Lord!★ Christmas Carol
☆ Felicia Dorothea Hemans
FAIR Gratitude! in strain sublime,
Swell high to heav'n thy tuneful zeal;
And, hailing this auspicious time,
Kneel, Adoration! kneel!
CHORUS.
For lo! the day, th' immortal day,
When Mercy's full, benignant ray,
Chas'd ev'ry gathering cloud away,
And pour'd the noon of light!
Rapture! be kindling, mounting, glowing.
While from thine eye the tear is flowing,
Pure, warm, and bright!
'Twas on this day, oh, love divine!
The orient star's effulgence rose;
Then wak'd the moon, whose eye benign,
Shall never, never close!
CHORUS.
Messiah! be thy Name ador'd;
Eternal, high, redeeming Lord!
By grateful worlds be anthems pour'd,
Emanuel! Prince of Peace!
This day, from Heav'n's empyreal dwelling,
Harp, lyre, and voice, in concert swelling,
Bade discord cease!
Wake the loud Pæan, tune the voice,
Children of heav'n and sons of earth!
Seraphs and men! exult, rejoice,
To bless the Saviour's birth!
CHORUS.
Devotion! light thy purest fire!
Transport! on cherub-wing aspire!
Praise! wake to him thy golden lyre,
Strike ev'ry thrilling chord!
While at the ark of Mercy kneeling,
We own thy grace, reviving, healing,
Redeemer! Lord!
▲ Chinese Translation
★ 圣诞颂歌
☆ [英] 费利西亚•多萝西娅•赫门兹 (1793 - 1835)    诗
☆ [中] 罗志海  译
美丽感恩！血统崇高
天上你悦耳的热情涨高
而且，欢呼这个吉祥 的时间
跪下，敬拜！跪下！
合唱：
看那！今天，这不朽的一天
慈悲 天使充满慈祥的光线
追赶每个离去的云团
倾泻中午的阳光！
狂喜！火种，点燃，炽热
当你汩汩泪洒的时刻
洒下纯净，温暖和明亮！
就是这一天，哦，爱神！
东方之星耀眼辉煌
然后唤醒慈眉善目的月亮
永远，永远不要结束沉沦！
合唱：
救世主！喜爱你的名字
永恒，崇高，救赎的主！
充满感恩的世界，圣歌的源泉
伊曼纽尔！和平王子！
这一天，来自天堂的空中住宅
竖琴，七弦琴，歌声，演唱会上 汹涌澎湃
嘈杂声戛然而止！
唤醒嘹亮的赞歌，调整声音
天上的儿童，地上的 儿子！
六翼天使和人类！愉悦，高兴
祝福救主的诞生！
合唱：
奉献 ！点燃你最纯净的火！
狂喜！带翼天使的思渴！
赞美！唤醒他，用你的金色七弦琴
弹 响每个颤动的和弦音
慈悲天使方舟上跪拜的时刻
我们沐浴你的恩泽，复活，康复
主啊 ！救世主！
北京时间2014年12月25日圣诞节翻译
Beijing time 12/25/2014 Christmas Day translationRing out, ye bells!
All Nature swells
With gladness at the wondrous story, -
The world was at lorn,
But Christ is born
To change our sadness into glory.
Sing, earthlings, sing!
To-night a King
Hath come from heaven's high throne to bless us.
The outstretched hand
O'er all the land
Is raised in pity to caress us.
Come at His call;
Be joyful all;
Away with mourning and with sadness!
The heavenly choir
With holy fire
Their voices raise in songs of gladness.
The darkness breaks
And Dawn awakes,
Her cheeks suffused with youthful blushes.
The rocks and stones
In holy tones
Are singing sweeter than the thrushes.
Then why should we
In silence be,
When Nature lends her voice to praises;
When heaven and earth
Proclaim the truth
Of Him for whom that lone star blazes?
No, be not still,
But with a will
Strike all your harps and set them ringing;
On hill and heath
Let every breath
Throw all its power into singing!Christmas carol
Let the season flow
the sweetness of love,
you know, it's Christmas.
Say Merry Christmas.
Let's decorate, we all,
ornaments and glisten balls,
the Christmas tree tall.
Let your tree grow
Christmas tree of love,
you know, it's Christmas.
Say Merry Christmas.
O! stars of the height!
shine more bright,
illuminate the Christmas night.
Let you and moon throw
the glories of love,
you know, it's Christmas.
Say Merry Christmas.
Everywhere it's good,
fun, feast and food,
happy and festive mood.
Let all of you glow
the lights of love,
you know, it's Christmas.
Say Merry Christmas.
O! girls and boys!
have gifts, sweets and toys,
and sing songs of joy
May Lord pour
blessings and love,
you know, it's Christmas.
Say Merry Christmas.
- S. D. TiwariThe kings they came from out the south,
All dressed in ermine fine;
They bore Him gold and chrysoprase,
And gifts of precious wine.
The shepherds came from out the north,
Their coats were brown and old;
They brought Him little new-born lambs--
They had not any gold.
The wise men came from out the east,
And they were wrapped in white;
The star that led them all the way
Did glorify the night.
The angels came from heaven high,
And they were clad with wings;
And lo, they brought a joyful song
The host of heaven sings.
The kings they knocked upon the door,
The wise men entered in,
The shepherds followed after them
To hear the song begin.
The angels sang through all the night
Until the rising sun,
But little Jesus fell asleep
Before the song was done.Five in the morning
I hear some noise
Open my eyes
Find out its a voice.
Voice of a man
He sings an old song
For all to enjoy
A Sweet Christmas tongue.
Tired, but done my best
For my dears around.
Large smiles on their face
These days shall be found.
Time to enjoy
Sing and dance
Time for all hearts
To open their gates.
No needed are keys
No chains nor passwords
Love and forgiveness
Peace of all sorts.
Giving a smile
Sharing good thoughts
That's the best Christmas
I wish to you all.Christmas stands at the door and knocks
The coming king, small, dependent, sleeps
Visitors from near and far, high and low
Called by the heavenly host and cosmic sign.
Stand in awe, as all creation looks on.
We to should stand  reflect upon his coming
Ask the question of ourselves, what brought us here?
What do we expect to find this night and Christmas morn?
This birth unlike no other, brings change to the world
To all creation a cosmic Kingship celebrated
In the heavenly realms as on earth, alleluia.The Victorian era wis byordnar jeelin
Wi icicles hingin frae windaes an ceilin
Bit inside an office in thrang Lunnon toun
Wis the cauldest o chaumers in aa the warld roon
A clerk caad Bob Cratchit wis chitterin wi cauld
For Scrooge wis a maister baith crabbit an auld
Wi jist the ae coal hoastin rikk up the lum
Maister Scrooge wad grudge even a robin a crumb
Twa cheils cam roon rattlin a charity tinnie
He gied them a flee in their lugs, nae a penny
Sae fin nephew Fred, young & cheery, appeared
‘Wad ye cam tae ma pairty, dear uncle? ' he speired.
‘A pairty's for fowk that are saft in the heid
Fin yer penniless dinna beg me for yer breid! ''
The blin drift furled roon as Scrooge hytered back hame
Tae his teem, fooshty chaumer, friendless an alane
Syne tuik tae his bed  tae save lichtin a lowe
Fin an eildtrich-like soun hid him scrattin his powe
The chaumer wis clunkin wi chynes bein hauled
An horror o horrors! Physog grey an bauld
Jacob Marley, frae ooto the mools latten free
Tae tell Scrooge his pairtner the weird he wad dree
The chynes Marley cairriet, his wyges in daith
For squeezin bi greed fowk fin he still drew braith
‘Three nichts in a raw, ye'll be met bi a ghaist
Takk tent o each warnin, noo I maun makk haste
Tae leave ye, for here cams the first o ma fiers.'
Wi a wheech, Yuletide Past richt disjaskit appears
Like a bairn. He takks Scrooge on a tour o yestreens
His waesome upbringin, his schulin, cauld steens
That wye on the miser's blaik hairt, syne they flit
Tae Scrooge's apprenticeship. Fezziwig's fit
Wis first in the dauncin an last tae be still
Wis there e'er sic a maister? He'd aye pour a gill
O frienship an brandy tae warm Yuletide's jeel
Even Scrooge luikin intae the past, wished him weel
The ghaist didna dauchle, he hickled Scrooge ben
Tae anither scene. Twa luvers waukin a glen.
Twis Belle, Scooge's quine that he'd wooed an betrothed
‘Yer luv's for anither since first ye proposed
Tae me. Let's agree tae makk siller yer wife
For greed hauds the tiller that steers yer new life.'
Neist meenit he's hame. Like a ceelestial strobe
Yuletide Present awytes in a braw emerald robe
‘Aa I set afore ye this nicht will cam true
Unless ye repent o yer grippiness noo'
The ghaist shaws him inno his clerk, Cratchit's hoose
An a meal that wad scarce lay doon fat on a moose
At the ingle, sits Teenie Tim, cripple an dweeble
Smaa wyges provide smaa repast fur their table
Gin a year tummles roon, there'll be nae cripple's staa
In puirtith an wint, he will dwinnle awa
Syne they wheech throw the air tae his nephew Fred's hame
There's lauchter an blitheness. An Scrooge hears his name
‘It's a peety he aywis refuses each year
Ma deid mither lued him. She'd wish he wis here.'
The ghaist though, has aged, he's grown wizzent an spare
Wi a lang baney finger, he pynts tae a pair
O bairns cooerin hungeret-like. ‘Scrooge, takk ye heed:
Ignorance is the quine, an the laddie's name's Need
Wi a grue, he has gaen. A derk body wauchts near
The ghaist o the Yule that's tae cam in a year
There's a fusper o Daith. Fowk hae rypit a kist
O its gear, clyes an siller. Its ainer's nae missed
In the warld o business, the fowk's clashmaclavers
Tell weel fu ill-thocht o he wis bi his neebors
‘Oh fa is the vratch that aa spikk o sae ill?
The ghaist heists Scrooge up far the graves owerspill
In the kirkyaird. New cuttit the name on't wis plain
The name that he saw on the stane wis his ain!
Scrooge drapped tae his knees, prigged an vowed he wad cheenge
Be better an kinder, gin Fate cud arrange
Tae alter the pathwye his feet traivelled ower
As gweed as his wird he set aff in the oor
A muckle fat goose he pits roon tae his clerk
He raises his wyges, is kinder at wirk.
Tae the puir cripple laddie, he gies education
Fin speired, fit his cheenged him, quo Scrooge wi a wink
‘The Speerits o Yule are  ower pouerfu tae jink! 'Four decades
passed
while countries
warred
and men went to the moon.
Yet love,
grown to
the sound of
Autumn leaves
prevailed.
So many died,
through tide
or time,
while
one red rose
sat,
patiently,
a portrait
bare of hope
that forty years
could not erase.Her Name Is Of A Velvet Carol
Her name is of a velvet carol, and although her billows reign above
The ocean that commands all suitors, she chooses only one for love.
She is eloquent and knows her verses will outlive her bygone tears;
In a sunlit carriage she calmly rides throughout the crimson colored years,
To the melody of lullabies in woods where the scent of belvederes
Reminds her of Byron, Shelley, his Lady Fair, Wordsworth - and me.
For once she let her hair down, in its long and raven sublimity,
And touched me with those sacred lips, of hyacinths, of the sacred rose.
She awaits for me in paradise, as patient as a statue's pose.
And as the moonlight falls into the starry, diamond fountain,
Where I wander in a daze, in the square beneath the mountain,
I behold her in a wondrous haze, when all is still in a gilded bliss,
Where the shadows of oleanders mystically sway,
Where all of heaven's angels intercede for us and pray;
My love and I shall walk - forever in a kiss.
JOHN LARS ZWERENZWhen from your gems of thought I turn
To those pure orbs, your heart to learn,
I scarce know which to prize most high —
The bright i-dea, or the bright dear-eye.Hair of soap
and head of tears
Rinse mine eyes
of Christmas stars
O Bells, the Bells sear me.
Rinse mine eyes
of Christmas stars
Water me hot
and redly rare
O Fey, the Fey stars blear me.
Water me hot
and redly rare
Scald me pinkly
if you dare
O Gay, the Gay sleds slay me.
Is that flesh
floating on the
surface me who
swims or sinks
fraternally?
I know a strange me
with soap for eyes
and suds to see
Eternally yours,
He.1
Hair of soap and head of tears
rinse mine eyes of Christmas stars
O bells, the bells sear me
Wash my hair of splendid fears
water me hot and redly rare
O trumps, the trumpets blear me
Scars heal me up to here
scald me pinkly if you dare
O gay, the gay sleds slay me
Is that flesh floating on the surface me
who swims or sinks fraternally?
I know a strange me
with soap for eyes
and suds for see
Eternally yours,
He.
2
Hair of soap
and head of tears
Rinse mine eyes
of Christmas stars
O Bells, the Bells sear me.
Rinse mine eyes
of Christmas stars
Water me hot
and redly rare
O Fey, the Fey stars blear me.
Water me hot
and redly rare
Scald me pinkly
if you dare
O Gay, the Gay sleds slay me.
Is that flesh
floating on the
surface me who
swims or sinks
fraternally?
I know a strange me
with soap for eyes
and suds to see
Eternally yours,
He.
3
Hair of soap and head of tears
rinse mine eyes of Christmas stars
O bells, the bells sear me
Rinse mine eyes of Christmas fears
Water me hot and redly rare
O fey, the fey stars blear me.
Wash mine hair of splendid fears
water me hot and redly rare
O trumps, the trumpets blear me
Scars heal me up to here
scald me pinkly if you dare
O gay, the gay sleds slay me
Is that flesh
floating on the
surface me who
swims or sinks
fraternally?
I know a strange me
with soap for eyes
and suds to see
Eternally yours,
He.A SONG of the good green grass!
A song no more of the city streets;
A song of farms--a song of the soil of fields.
A song with the smell of sun-dried hay, where the nimble pitchers
handle the pitch-fork;
A song tasting of new wheat, and of fresh-husk'd maize.
For the lands, and for these passionate days, and for myself,
Now I awhile return to thee, O soil of Autumn fields,
Reclining on thy breast, giving myself to thee,
Answering the pulses of thy sane and equable heart,
Tuning a verse for thee.                                           10
O Earth, that hast no voice, confide to me a voice!
O harvest of my lands! O boundless summer growths!
O lavish, brown, parturient earth! O infinite, teeming womb!
A verse to seek, to see, to narrate thee.
Ever upon this stage,
Is acted God's calm, annual drama,
Gorgeous processions, songs of birds,
Sunrise, that fullest feeds and freshens most the soul,
The heaving sea, the waves upon the shore, the musical, strong waves,
The woods, the stalwart trees, the slender, tapering trees,        20
The flowers, the grass, the lilliput, countless armies of the grass,
The heat, the showers, the measureless pasturages,
The scenery of the snows, the winds' free orchestra,
The stretching, light-hung roof of clouds--the clear cerulean, and
the bulging, silvery fringes,
The high dilating stars, the placid, beckoning stars,
The moving flocks and herds, the plains and emerald meadows,
The shows of all the varied lands, and all the growths and products.
Fecund America! To-day,
Thou art all over set in births and joys!
Thou groan'st with riches! thy wealth clothes thee as with a swathing
garment!                                                     30
Thou laughest loud with ache of great possessions!
A myriad-twining life, like interlacing vines, binds all thy vast
demesne!
As some huge ship, freighted to water's edge, thou ridest into port!
As rain falls from the heaven, and vapors rise from earth, so have
the precious values fallen upon thee, and risen out of thee!
Thou envy of the globe! thou miracle!
Thou, bathed, choked, swimming in plenty!
Thou lucky Mistress of the tranquil barns!
Thou Prairie Dame that sittest in the middle, and lookest out upon
thy world, and lookest East, and lookest West!
Dispensatress, that by a word givest a thousand miles--that giv'st a
million farms, and missest nothing!
Thou All-Acceptress--thou Hospitable--(thou only art hospitable, as
God is hospitable.)                                          40
When late I sang, sad was my voice;
Sad were the shows around me, with deafening noises of hatred, and
smoke of conflict;
In the midst of the armies, the Heroes, I stood,
Or pass'd with slow step through the wounded and dying.
But now I sing not War,
Nor the measur'd march of soldiers, nor the tents of camps,
Nor the regiments hastily coming up, deploying in line of battle.
No more the dead and wounded;
No more the sad, unnatural shows of War.
Ask'd room those flush'd immortal ranks? the first forth-stepping
armies?                                                      50
Ask room, alas, the ghastly ranks--the armies dread that follow'd.
(Pass--pass, ye proud brigades!
So handsome, dress'd in blue--with your tramping, sinewy legs;
With your shoulders young and strong--with your knapsacks and your
muskets;
--How elate I stood and watch'd you, where, starting off, you
march'd!
Pass;--then rattle, drums, again!
Scream, you steamers on the river, out of whistles loud and shrill,
your salutes!
For an army heaves in sight--O another gathering army!
Swarming, trailing on the rear--O you dread, accruing army!
O you regiments so piteous, with your mortal diarrhoea! with your
fever!                                                       60
O my land's maimed darlings! with the plenteous bloody bandage and
the crutch!
Lo! your pallid army follow'd!)
But on these days of brightness,
On the far-stretching beauteous landscape, the roads and lanes, the
high-piled farm-wagons, and the fruits and barns,
Shall the dead intrude?
Ah, the dead to me mar not--they fit well in Nature;
They fit very well in the landscape, under the trees and grass,
And along the edge of the sky, in the horizon's far margin.
Nor do I forget you, departed;
Nor in winter or summer, my lost ones;                             70
But most, in the open air, as now, when my soul is rapt and at
peace--like pleasing phantoms,
Your dear memories, rising, glide silently by me.
I saw the day, the return of the Heroes;
(Yet the Heroes never surpass'd, shall never return;
Them, that day, I saw not.)
I saw the interminable Corps--I saw the processions of armies,
I saw them approaching, defiling by, with divisions,
Streaming northward, their work done, camping awhile in clusters of
mighty camps.
No holiday soldiers!--youthful, yet veterans;
Worn, swart, handsome, strong, of the stock of homestead and
workshop,
Harden'd of many a long campaign and sweaty march,                 80
Inured on many a hard-fought, bloody field.
A pause--the armies wait;
A million flush'd, embattled conquerors wait;
The world, too, waits--then, soft as breaking night, and sure as
dawn,
They melt--they disappear.
Exult, indeed, O lands! victorious lands!
Not there your victory, on those red, shuddering fields;
But here and hence your victory.
Melt, melt away, ye armies! disperse, ye blue-clad soldiers!
Resolve ye back again--give up, for good, your deadly arms;        90
Other the arms, the fields henceforth for you, or South or North, or
East or West,
With saner wars--sweet wars--life-giving wars.
Loud, O my throat, and clear, O soul!
The season of thanks, and the voice of full-yielding;
The chant of joy and power for boundless fertility.
All till'd and untill'd fields expand before me;
I see the true arenas of my race--or first, or last,
Man's innocent and strong arenas.
I see the Heroes at other toils;
I see, well-wielded in their hands, the better weapons.           100
I see where America, Mother of All,
Well-pleased, with full-spanning eye, gazes forth, dwells long,
And counts the varied gathering of the products.
Busy the far, the sunlit panorama;
Prairie, orchard, and yellow grain of the North,
Cotton and rice of the South, and Louisianian cane;
Open, unseeded fallows, rich fields of clover and timothy,
Kine and horses feeding, and droves of sheep and swine,
And many a stately river flowing, and many a jocund brook,
And healthy uplands with their herby-perfumed breezes,            110
And the good green grass--that delicate miracle, the ever-recurring
grass.
Toil on, Heroes! harvest the products!
Not alone on those warlike fields, the Mother of All,
With dilated form and lambent eyes, watch'd you.
Toil on, Heroes! toil well! Handle the weapons well!
The Mother of All--yet here, as ever, she watches you.
Well-pleased, America, thou beholdest,
Over the fields of the West, those crawling monsters,
The human-divine inventions, the labor-saving implements:
Beholdest, moving in every direction, imbued as with life, the
revolving hay-rakes,                                        120
The steam-power reaping-machines, and the horse-power machines,
The engines, thrashers of grain, and cleaners of grain, well
separating the straw--the nimble work of the patent pitch-fork;
Beholdest the newer saw-mill, the southern cotton-gin, and the rice-
cleanser.
Beneath thy look, O Maternal,
With these, and else, and with their own strong hands, the Heroes
harvest.
All gather, and all harvest;
(Yet but for thee, O Powerful! not a scythe might swing, as now, in
security;
Not a maize-stalk dangle, as now, its silken tassels in peace.)
Under Thee only they harvest--even but a wisp of hay, under thy great
face, only;
Harvest the wheat of Ohio, Illinois, Wisconsin--every barbed spear,
under thee;                                                 130
Harvest the maize of Missouri, Kentucky, Tennessee--each ear in its
light-green sheath,
Gather the hay to its myriad mows, in the odorous, tranquil barns,
Oats to their bins--the white potato, the buckwheat of Michigan, to
theirs;
Gather the cotton in Mississippi or Alabama--dig and hoard the
golden, the sweet potato of Georgia and the Carolinas,
Clip the wool of California or Pennsylvania,
Cut the flax in the Middle States, or hemp, or tobacco in the
Borders,
Pick the pea and the bean, or pull apples from the trees, or bunches
of grapes from the vines,
Or aught that ripens in all These States, or North or South,
Under the beaming sun, and under Thee.A bronzed chest makes me look warlike,
But my tongue is the only weapon I yield
Ten times stronger than steel is this sword,
Therein lays my potency – in my written words!
Paint half of my body, to receive the outer side,
Touch my pen once, only to fear the coming tide.
Touch my heart and thine own I shall too,
Kiss me but once, and it would be I and you.
Slay my pains, to my face bring in bunches smiles
Doing it best, have your father meet me at the aisle
And only then, righteously, let our legs entwine
Let my body be yours, and yours be mine.
Break and bruise my body, leaving but my head;
I rather die now, than to then be found dead,
Usurp all my wealth, make me humbly kneel,
Take all things fleeting, leave that which is real,
Smash my bones, if it means I would serve my God,
When I’m wrong, give with much grace love’s rod.
Bless my pen that it might never go low on ink
Give me surplus, make evident before they can wink,
Leash my neck, that at furthest I’ll tinkle your name,
Never let me stray; never let my doing be for fame,
Make bigger my heart, that forever I’ll do your will,
Fill it to the brim with love; give until it can spill,
Then give more,
Let it not keep to spoiling, then pour
Always renew afresh… and...
Leading my path, always give more,
That we may stand victorious at the end of the way.
Copyright © 2009 Leslie AlexisMany years we taught together
Across the hall from each other.
Ragamuffins were turned into
Young men and women.
Crucial skills were learned,
Audacious goals were met,
Recalcitrants were retrained,
Obedience was maintained.
Loved by all who know her.In thoughtful walking
Such meditation
Focuses our
Attention on such:
What is so damn wrong
With this state of mind
Condition of world
In meditation
So pure and simple
With body so loose
And mind so relaxed
Thoughts are suspended
Allowing such bliss
To participate
In world of love peaceIn such an inexplicable blue,
Upon the stonework to embark,
The little ship of glowing hue
Appears in Alexander Park.
The little lamp, a yellow rose,
Arising -- ready to retreat --
Above the people it adores;
Near strangers' feet.
In such an inexplicable blue
The drunkards' hive, the loonies' team.
A tourist takes a snapshot to
Have left the town and keep no dream.
On the Ordynka street you find
A taxicab with fevered gnomes,
And dead ancestors stand behind
And lean on domes.
A poet strolls across the town
In such an inexplicable blue.
A doorman watches him looking down
And down the street and catches the flu.
An old and handsome cavalier
Moves down a lane not worth a view,
And wedding-party guests appear
In such an inexplicable blue.
Behind the river, in the haar,
As a collection of the blues --
The yellow walls reflecting far
The hopeless accent of the Jews.
You move to Sunday, to despair
(From love), to the New Year, and there
Appears a girl you cannot woo --
Never explaining why she's blue.
Then in the night the town is lost;
A train is clad in silver plush.
The pallid puff, the draught of frost
Will sheathe your face until you blush.
The honeycomb of windows fits
The smell of halva and of zest,
While Christmas Eve is carrying its
Mince pies abreast.
Watch your New Year come in a blue
Seawave across the town terrain
In such an inexplicable blue,
As if your life can start again,
As if there can be bread and light --
A lucky day -- and something's left,
As if your life can sway aright,
Once swayed aleft.[to C.S. Lewis]
one day will you wake to say:
the beautiful world has come to stay?
and troubles flee like night
from day
the beautiful world has come to stay
the stars swirl out as in Van Goghs
and all the cherry trees have snows
of flowers deep beneath your feet
when all the winds of Heaven meet.
like crystal in the winter air
before you know the snow is there
something inside the soul will say
the beautiful world has come to stay
mary angela douglas 17 january 2016On this Christmas Day
I pray for the universe
And our planet earth.
On this Christmas Day
I pray for our Human race
And all living things.
On this Christmas Day
I pray for those still alive
And those who were dead.
On this Christmas Day
I pray that we live in peace
As children of God.
On this Christmas Day
I pray for soul conversions
And for God's blessings.
On this Christmas day
I join the heavenly hosts
To praise God's Glory.
NHIEN NGUYEN MD
for 12/25/2018Looking back upon my youth as
the holiday season is near, I can
recall the happiness filled with
excitement as each day approached
I remember the days when Daddy would
take us out to cut our very own Christmas
tree, and of course, it was the most beautifull
tree of all
Bringing it home and decorating it with
lights of green, red, blue, mother made hot
chocolate and chocolate chip cookies for the
event, as Daddy was always in his usual place
the kitchen trying feverishly to 'unweb'
last years string of lighting, we had no
stores to run out to get last minute this or that
so we had to make do with what we had like
every other family and Daddy always came through
and the finishing touches were done with tinsel
and of course the star up top to offically indicate
Christmas was now on its way
Looking from my window at night, looking out
at the street light which was covered
with freshly fallen snow, seeing tiny ice clycles
casting their wintery shadows seemed like tiny
snow fairies doing their snow dance, the trees
were coverd with white snow caps which made
a setting like a winter wonderland that would
stay in my heart forever
Todays world has become so commercialized
that the beauty has been taken away somehow, I sound
like a very old sentimental fool,  but I would not trade
those days of my memories from an era where
family knew how to celebrate Christmas with the
family spirit of togetherness
Christmas is that time of year when it
brings you back to the time when happiness
shadowed each and every jingle bell that
we rang filled with much joy and love
From my heart to yours, this is my Christmas
Carol to each and every one of you......Red Rose, you a Christian girl,
I see you doing the Christmas carol,
Reading the Holy Bible,
A girl so chaste and sacrosanct.it's certain I am He counted every needle and pin,
every dropped stitch as a real attempt.
as for me, I wanted to live by
the rick rack stream
near the mill wheel turning
and all the millers, free.
why shouldn't it be
I'd ask Him dearly, this
being my very own prayer and
clearly wanting it to be so
that the spokes in the tangerines
would carry us to all the balls
and the honeysuckled air would breathe
and flow around the fairy tale's obstacles
as in the paintings of Van Gogh
with the marshmallow clouds all billowing
and we would stand small, firm and
arm in fairy like arm with all our
bracelet charms
before our Grandfather's rose garden
as it it were the entire world.
mary angela douglas 20 july 2015Ruthie, Rachel, Ann and Carol
slept inside a cider barrel.
It was summer and quite hot,
though permission they had not.
Came, on foot a travelling fellow
carried rucksack, huge and yellow,
sat his body near the barrel
woke not Ruthie, Ann or Carol.
Rachel though, was cloak and dagger
daughter of a carpetbagger,
raised her nose to hear and see
what intruder this could be.
Click, there goes the spark of ages
it's when conscious thought engages,
and finds nothing in arrears
but the heart cries heavy tears.
Hoibel was, let's call it bitten,
Rachel, likewise felt quite smitten,
so they wandered through the mountains,
stopped to drink from rumbling fountains,
never ever looking back,
to the past's serpentine track.
In the Spring they stopped to settle
in a field of stinging nettle,
built a house of logs and bark,
made small lamps to light the dark.
All alone they were contented,
neither silly nor demented.
Lived there, off the promised land
with their own, delicious brand
of a code to suit their feelings,
far away from human dealings,
found that Ruthy, Ann and Carol
had escaped their crowded barrel,
all were living now together,
birds, they say, of one dear feather.DEVOTION.
Where shall Devotion find her fitting food?
'Twas asked; and it was answered, 'Every where.'
Whate'er the region, bring but thou the mood,
And, high or low, her nutriment is there.
Her's—road-side chapel; her's—cathedral roof;
Her's—Christ—Bambino; her's—Jehovah—King;
The holy reverence, which bends—aloof;
The love familiar, that delights to cling.
Her's—purest Godhead, veiled in depth of skies;
The Being, unapproachable—unseen;
And her's—the visible; for peasant eyes
By village painter robed in red or green.
Come, lead me thou to yonder ancient pile,
Where the built organ, through its thousand flutes,
Peals majesty; and incense, all the while,
Is circling up 'mid arches and volutes;
And as we wander thro' the wond'rous fane,
Or kneel us, trust me! I shall feel, like thee,
Chaunt—censer—picture—statue—rubied pane—
Nay, cope and robe. But come thou too, with me,
To where yon worshipper, more picturesque
Than graceful, in his coat of many a flaw,
Is humbly hymning to that Saint grotesque,
'From forth his scrannel-pipe of wretched straw.'
And then avouch, (not bearing less in mind
The glorious strains that roll these roofs along,)
That there Devotion too fit food may find
In the rude notes of that street-chaunted song.
So deemed our elder race. Their faith—they knew—
Was strong for daily wear; a stuff to trust.
No flimsy robe, hung up the whole week thro',
'And but for Sunday-service cleansed from dust;'
But a stout faith, that free from formalism,
(On which Devotion's name too oft we dub,)
In week-day life nor found, nor sought, a schism;
But mingled with it; and could bear the rub.
Or, must we come in smoother phrase array'd,
(Tho' truth, I ween, might spare such silken grace,)
Their faith (like Una, wheresoe'er she stray'd)
Could make 'a sunshine in the shady place.'
And far above, as abstract thought may reach,
And far beneath, as human instincts go,
Could find congenial atmosphere in each;
No theme too lofty, as no love too low.
With such interpretation would I leaven
That ladder-vision, erst by Jacob seen;
Its foot on common earth; its top in heaven;
And God's mild angels on each step between.Refuse not, Reader, the brief mysterie-play,
Which our poor Gipsy-trio here enacts;
For thoughtful spirits love such legend lay,
Oft true to feeling, false albeit to facts.
Nay, judging reason yet more true shall hold
Such fabling tale, to gentle heart when true,
Than stricter fact, with dogma harsh and cold,
Oft falsified; to harden me or you.
Faith, like yon liberal sun's impartial power,
Where'er her genial ray, like his, shall strike,
Wakes forth from every soil its fitting flower;
If not alike each flower—all flowers—alike.
And tho' erewhile she cleave empyreal air,
Not less 'mid such as lowly valleys give
She loves to float and pause; and every where,
Or high or low, in sympathies can live.
Then, thoughtful spirit! hold thou not in scorn
Her votive gift of very humblest weed.
That humblest weed hath comeliness, where born;
Tis still the heart which consecrates the creed.
Nor take our speech in mockery or despite,
Tho' strange it be, or ruder than thine own.
Where equal justice rules, with equal right
Each tribe—each tongue—hath access to the throne.
FIRST GIPSY. Gipsies Three, Gipsies Three;
Roamers wide o'er field and fell;
Farers free, where'er we be;
Such are we, such are we;
Fortunes also we can tell.
Pretty child! so sweet and mild,
Would you choose your lot to know,
Weal or woe—weal or woe—
Cross our hands, for we can show.
Janan! why a-loitering stand?
Come and read the Infant's hand.
SECOND GIPSY. Thou art, thou art, as I can see,
The equal of the Deity,
His well-belovëd progeny,
And born to be adored.
Yea—I can see that Thou art He,
Co-partner of the Deity;
Fore-born for me, fore-born for me,
Ere chaos felt the Word.
For Love it was that gave thee birth;
Boundless Love for All on earth.
With Virgin-Mother—Father—none.
This—all this—in thy palm is shown.
FIRST GIPSY. Yet, still a secret lags behind,
Which Janan hath not cared to tell.
Yet still a secret lags behind,
Which soon shall work its marvel well.
Messiah dear! put here—put here—
A silver piece, to make us cheer;
Then—Janan tells it, Darling Dear!
SECOND GIPSY. Yet, 'mid this bliss, yet mid this bliss,
Something of very hard there is,
For our behoof, to do.
Yea—yea—I wis, 'mid all this bliss,
Something of very hard there is,
To work our safety through.
That Cross—Salvation's Cross—I see;
And if of thy sad martyrie
My tongue the cause may dare to touch,
It is—that Thou hast loved too much.
FIRST GIPSY. But still at the end of the vital line
A secret untold remains to divine.
Give again, sweet Babe! thy palm to spell,
And a charming secret we can tell.
But, first, the tester we must hold;
Without it, nothing can be told.
SECOND GIPSY. Thou art God and Mortal too;
And, as such, shalt live—not much—
On this earth, our human birth.
Thou art God and Mortal too;
And, being so, full soon shalt go
From thy sojourn here below.
Nought a nature, thus divine,
From Eternity can sever;
Endless life a gift of thine,
And thine essence lives for ever.
FIRST GIPSY. But dost thou not wish, as fit it is,
We should speak a word to thy mother dear;
And in our homely gipsy guise
Make our compliment to her?
Already, fair Lady, we understand
That a mystery lurks in that beautiful hand.
Do thou, Janan, thou,
Who so well knowest how,
Say a somewhat to pleasure the lady's ear.
SECOND GIPSY. Lady, thou art of royal blood;
Thy house in glory long hath stood;
The world hath loftier—none.
Thou art, in sooth, of royal blood,
Thy house in glory long hath stood;
All this to me is known.
Thy Lord—thy Son! Thy God—his Father!
What would blessed woman rather?
Sainted Daughter of thy Lord!
Happy Mother of thy God!
FIRST GIPSY. But thou, old Man! who by the manger,
Quietly dost take thy stand,
Let us see, respected stranger,
Let us see and read thy hand.
And think'st thou, then, that, plotting sly,
We shall steal yon ass that is feeding by?
Old Man! Old Man! far better pelf
Would be the blessed babe himself.
But first, kind Master! hand your groat,
And let us quench a thirsty throat.
SECOND GIPSY. I see by that hand, I see full sure,
That thou art great and just and pure.
By that hand dost thou stand full clearly proved
Great and pure and well-beloved.
Husband! wisely mastering sense
With a saint-like abstinence,
Thou to Providence didst bow;
And art thou not rewarded now?
FIRST GIPSY. But now, Sweet Babe! full well we wot
That thou art born with little store;
Thy lot—a naked—lowly lot;
Therefore—of pence we talk no more.
And didst thou fear, my darling Dear!
To see the scarecrow gipsy near?
Yet wherefore start? for God thou art!—
Then hear our prayer—before we part.
CHORUS OF THE THREE GIPSIES. If with too much liberty,
We have dared thine ear importune;
If with too much liberty,
We have dared to read thy fortune;
Humbly We pray to Thee,
Build thou for us a destiny;
And be it one, Immortal Son
Blessing us Eternally.[for Christ on His birthday-
and for George Herbert and Henry Vaughn...
poets of blessed memory]
love falls away as from the skies
the pearls of former loveliness reprised
return to glaze the dreaming ground
and glide soft stars so all around.
so all around I want to be where
love in crystal surety sings undefiled
and all, for me!
the Mystery
That love is falling from the skies
and we who grew so worldly wise
beyond the din can feel within
the lovely loveliness of God our Friend
that now so gently does descend
our brokenness this way to mend.
mary angela douglas 14 december 2015WHEN loud by landside streamlets gush,
And clear in the greenwood quires the thrush,
With sun on the meadows
And songs in the shadows
Comes again to me
The gift of the tongues of the lea,
The gift of the tongues of meadows.
Straightway my olden heart returns
And dances with the dancing burns;
It sings with the sparrows;
To the rain and the (grimy) barrows
Sings my heart aloud -
To the silver-bellied cloud,
To the silver rainy arrows.
It bears the song of the skylark down,
And it hears the singing of the town;
And youth on the highways
And lovers in byways
Follows and sees:
And hearkens the song of the leas
And sings the songs of the highways.
So when the earth is alive with gods,
And the lusty ploughman breaks the sod,
And the grass sings in the meadows,
And the flowers smile in the shadows,
Sits my heart at ease,
Hearing the song of the leas,
Singing the songs of the meadows.It’s a long, long way to Christmas,
But I hear those Christmas bells;
There’s no bird roasting in the oven,
Yet I smell those cooking smells.
There’s no bright gifts
beneath a Christmas tree,
Yet those coloured lights
On green are what I see;
The company of friends,
The love of family;
Carollers singing
From a horse-and-cart;
It’s a long, long way to Christmas,
But it’s always in my heart.
Copyright (C)  2005, John Bliven Morin'I'll show thee every fertile inch o' th' island,
And I will kiss thy foot. I prithee, be my god'
It is he who fills my plate with penny
So, I return the gratitude in plenty
I took his pennies and never did I feel empty
Red, silver and scarlet there are so many
Would I stare with frenzy or count one to twenty?
The door of my conscience is locked
So did I absorb?
The torture of Gog and Magog
Everything I do now is
Much ado about nothing
I became the scion of darkness
I was crowned with Babylonian fiendishness
I had everything to charm and to alarm
To those who fail to succumb
To the lord that empowered my élan
To His feet I pledged
My allegiance of insurance
How can I revert now?
Like demon magicians I did avow
My soul under his bough
Rather I can do one thing now
I can idolize my white knight and sponsor
In the talk show, promotion or daily soap
Repeating his bounties under lie detector
Who knows how many progenies are there in the line?
Who were invited before me in his salacious dine?
The fruits, salads, meat roasts, wine and damsel
In bare breasts could serve them a feast of Fife
Displaying the raptor world in the shade of Eglantine
However, a little bit more burst
To cool my masters' unrelenting lust
Can seal my ignoble fate
With perennial gifts and trusts
I will keep preaching my master's crescendo
Cloaking it with metaphor's of poetic innuendo
Wisdom and words from his box of tricks
Will be my WMD to ruin the uber smart freaks
Who can out fool the serpent of evil?
When I will get the ticket to
Fly from Wall Street to London
To give lectures as if I am The Noam Chomsky
Theorizing natural hierarchy in front of millions
The naysayers keep rioting to demand my execution
But like the trash they will be flushed to oblivion
My religion is to plea for His majesty's mercy
I know whenever I will defy like Satan's pride
He himself will greet me again with wealth glorified
Don't misinterpret me, don't despise me either
What I see in you is the same yearning
Rather with a face of a grim and terrible onlooker!
Perhaps there is some contentment in seeking restitution
But, I see the world is aflame in its karmic retribution
So, this is my space, to the feet of my Masters' shoelace
The noblest of life is led by those whose gracious art
Be saved, on pain of punishment for his master's bait!Three kings came a-riding
Through tempest and through cold;
Their coats were of the silken thread,
Their crowns were beaten gold.
A star shone in the sky before,
The storm it rolled behind,
And as they rode their cloaks drew out
Like clouds along the wind.
Three shepherds left their shivering flocks,
Came stumbling through the night;
The song of angels drowned their ears,
Their eyes were blind with light.
They groped along the courtyard wall,
Unpinned the stable door,
Then halted all with steaming breath
To stare upon the floor.
Three strangers lodged within the barn
That night of frost and storm,
With ox and ass for company
And straw to keep them warm.
One stranger stood with hand on stall,
One knelt in folds of blue,
And one there lay in shadowed sleep
As mortal children do.
The halted shepherds bowed the head,
The kings they bent the knee,
And marvelling they worshipped there
I silence, three by three.
The tempest fell; a cock crowed thrice;
The shepherds’ task was done.
The kings re-mounted in a dream
And rode towards the sun.At Christmas i have been listening to it since i was knee height
And i cannot say it fills me with a sense of delight
The carol singers in the park are singing silent night
And among the congregation not an atheist in sight
From generation to generation of Christians this carol has been passed down
And at Christmas sung in every language Worldwide in every village and city and town
And though the sentiments in the words and the music in the carol one can only admire
Of listening to it repeatedly sung over Christmas i for one tend to tire
But we all look at things in a different way
And it is each to their own as the wise one does say
With the carol singers the audience Silent Night sing along
In a show of harmony for peace there can be nothing wrong
The carol singers in the park are singing Silent Night
And among the congregation not an atheist in sight.I see the downtown civilizations banned
by those with tickets in their hands
to all the glittering soirees
though Im not one to candle gaze
and eat my bread as best I can
and buttered well at God's command
and listening to his sweet leaves blow
around the town where treetops grow
to touch the turquoise skies they love
to boast of to the up and comers here.
have no fear in the yellow castle, tower
set to be banished here at any hour, disposed of.
Be filled with so much Christmas cheer
for shepherds saw a Lovely Light on Bethlehem's plain
and they were poor with the sheep so often in the rain
but it is right
they saw the glory Kings could not.
and I still know He's not forgot
the King in lowly manger born
all those still here
the small and worn the ones they'll move to outer space
to own the glitzy downtown space with one accord.
He's not ignored
who sees the smallest sparrow fall
and doesn't like the proud at all.
mary angela douglas 17 december 2018Depression chases after
As I run ahead
Away from the blues
As fast as my running shoes
Will take me
Around the corner
Down the road I fly
With the wind behind
And no hills to climb
Depression chases after
Depression chases after
And catches me
CAROL HUGHESLulley, lully, lulley, lully,
The faucon hath born my mak away.
He bare hym up, he bare hym down,
He bare hym into an orchard brown.
In that orchard ther was an hall,
That was hanged with purpill and pall.
And in that hall ther was a bede,
Hit was hangid with gold so rede.
And yn that bede ther lythe a knyght,
His wowndes bledyng day and nyght.
By that bedes side ther kneleth a may,
And she wepeth both nyght and day.
And by that bedes side ther stondith a ston,
'Corpus Christi' wretyn theron.Lusty Hearts ! to the wood, to the merry green wood,
While the dew with strung pearls loads each blade,
And the first blush of dawn brightly streams o'er the lawn,
Like the smile of a rosy-cheeked maid.
Our horns with wild music ring glad through each shaw,
And our broad arrows rattle amain ;
For the stout bows we draw, to the green woods give law,
And the Might is the Right once again !
Mark yon herds, as they brattle and brush down the glade ;
Pick the fat, let the lean rascals go,
Under favor 'tis meet that we tall men should eat,—
Nock a shaft and strike down that proud doe !
Well delivered, parfay ! convulsive she leaps'—
One bound more,—then she drops on her side ;
Our steel hath bit smart the life-strings of her heart,
And cold now lies the green forest's pride.
Heave her up, and away !—should any base churl
Dare to ask why we range in this wood,
There's a keen arrow yare, in eacl1 broad belt to spare,
That will answer the knave in his blood !
Then forward, my Hearts ! like the bold reckless breeze
Our life shall whirl on in mad glee ;
The long bows we bend, to the world's latter end,
Shall be borne by the hands of the Free !A merry life does the hunter lead!
He wakes with the dawn of day;
He whistles his dog--he mounts his steed,
And scuds to he woods away!
The lightsome tramp of the deer he'll mark,
As they troop in herds along;
And his rifle startles the cheerful lark
As he carols his morning song!
The hunter's life is the life for me!--
That is the life for a man!
Let others sing of a home on the sea,
But match me the woods if you can!
Then give me a gun--I've an eye to mark
The deer as they bound along!--
My steed, dog, and gun, and the cheerful lark
To carol my morning song!Full of drink and full of meat,
On our SAVIOUR'S natal day,
CHARITY'S perennial treat;
Thus I heard a Pauper say:—
'Ought not I to dance and sing
Thus supplied with famous cheer?
Heigho!
I hardly know—
Christmas comes but once a year.
'After labor's long turmoil,
Sorry fare and frequent fast,
Two-and-fifty weeks of toil,
Pudding-time is come at last!
But are raisins high or low,
Flour and suet cheap or dear?
Heigho!
I hardly know—
Christmas comes but once a year.
'Fed upon the coarsest fare
Three hundred days and sixty-four,
But for one on viands rare,
Just as if I wasn't poor!
Ought not I to bless my stars,
Warden, clerk, and overseer?
Heigho!
I hardly know—
Christmas comes but once a year.
'Treated like a welcome guest,
One of Nature's social chain,
Seated, tended on, and press'd—
But when shall I be press'd again,
Twice to pudding, thrice to beef,
A dozen times to ale and beer?
Heigho!
I hardly know—
Christmas comes but once a year.
'Come to-morrow how it will;
Diet scant and usage rough,
Hunger once has had its fill,
Thirst for once has had enough,
But shall I ever dine again?
Or see another feast appear?
Heigho!
I only know—
Christmas comes but once a year!
'Frozen cares begin to melt,
Hopes revive and spirits flow—
Feeling as I have not felt
Since a dozen months ago—
Glad enough to sing a song—
To-morrow shall I volunteer?
Heigho!
I hardly know—
Christmas comes but once a year.
'Bright and blessed is the time,
Sorrows end and joys begin,
While the bells with merry chime
Ring the Day of Plenty in!
But the happy tide to hail,
With a sigh or with or a tear,
Heigho!
I hardly know—
Christmas comes but once a year!'[to Hans Christian Andersen, thank you wholeheartedly that the Snow Queen was defeated in your story]
bees are asleep and yet they sting
said she all in her white winter;
garb and glamour sustaining.
here where honey is ice;
the flowered only a glaze;
your eyes in a maze
when seeing becomes impossile.
of all impossible things, it is my riddle:
bees are asleep and men asleep
where none can weep
hiding the honey of their tears.
and the frost sheep grazing
and the home hearths blazing down
where the moon cries sparrow, sparrow
is it such a little thing to sing?
down to the heart's marrow
knitting the skeins of distances
I shine.
and give no light at all. fa la
mary angela douglas 9 novemer 2015Through the streets of New York City,
Blithely every morn,
I carolled o'er my artless ditty,
Cheerly though forlorn!
Before the rosy light, my lay
Was to the maids begun,
Ere winters snows had passed away,
Or smiled the summer sun.
CAROL--O--a--y--e--o!
In summer months I'd fondly woo
Those merry, dark-eyed girls,
With faces of ebon hue,
And teeth like eastern pearls!
One vowed my love she would repay--
Her heart my song had won--
When winter snows had passed away,
And smiled the summer sun.
CAROL--O--a--y--e--o!
A year, alas! had scarcely flown--
Hope beamed but to deceive--
Ere I was left to weep alone,
From morn till dewy eve!
She died one dreary break of day!--
Grief weighs my heart upon!--
In vain the snows may pass away,
Or smile the summer sun.
CAROL--O--a--y--e--o!Good on you there dear C McCoy
You spread the simple gift of joy
You sing so well your voice so clear
And pleasing to the listening ear.
Must say your talents I admire
One of the best in Sherbrooke Shire
For you the peals of applause ring
Each time that you stand up to sing.
I only know your face to see
And doubt that you've heard tell of me
So my opinion must hold weight
When I say some your talents under rate.
You never cease to give delight
And so often you have made my night
Yet it's not your voice though good it be
But your bubbling personality.
So good on you there Carol McCoy
And keep on sharing your gift of joy
You sing so well your voice so clear
And pleasing to the listening ear.The nearly right
And yet not quite
In love is wholly evil
And every heart
That loves in part
Is mortgaged to the devil
I loved or thought
I loved in sort
Was this to love akin?
To take the best
And leave the rest
And let the devil in?
O lovers true
And others too
Whose best is only better
Take my advice
Shun compromise
Forget him and forget herSee the snow coming down from our sky today
Feel the wind blowing  at your face while you walk outside to get some Fresh air
See the moon shining above in the sky because she is folowing you while You are walking outside
See the trees covered with snow
Because you are now walking in a winter landWORD PLOY
esspeecee …12.08.09.
[To Dear Poet Carol Gall ]
# You’re on Quick-List summit
My heart’s joys vastly beat
It’s a la gala treat.
# Stay there
Watch you from here.
# Poet Carol
I know you’re for all
Swing and bow emotions like doll.
# In your poetic sojourn
I’ll be your companion
Support you as I can.
# Share my joy
It’s my coy
Words to you toy
Enjoying your word ploy.
Copyright reserved by the Authoryours is the calla star
over the manger, bending
the diamond refraction
of ultimate stillness
mere breathing causes
the air to chime but angel feathers
cannot quell us
jangling childhood's mismatched bells
we stop bewildered, at the halo round
our footsteps in the snow and
looking straight up
we keep forever
all the lilies in the night sky
all the lilies-
mary angela douglas 3 december 2009Leuconoë, don’t ask, we never know, what fate the gods grant us,
whether your fate or mine, don’t waste your time on Babylonian,
futile, calculations. How much better to suffer what happens,
whether Jupiter gives us more winters or this is the last one,
one debilitating the Tyrrhenian Sea on opposing cliffs.
Be wise, and mix the wine, since time is short: limit that far-reaching hope.
The envious moment is flying now, now, while we’re speaking:
Seize the day, place in the hours that come as little faith as you can.CARPE DIEM spells MAD RECIPE,
DREAM EPIC to PIERCE DAM, mind's waters flow
as DICE REMAP REMADE PIC, help to see
how anagrams shift focus, need to grow.
Thus what to some 'improvement' may appear
is but perspective, glass half empty, filled,
or hardships role reversed by change of gear,
self-pity sapped, snapped, joy mapped: beans are spilled.
So seize the day, in tune with all around,
both silence, sound, 'hope, faith and trust' are bars
to open mind that fain would leave the ground
of caterpillar, butterfly the stars.
True happiness turns yen of citizen
to zen, yins yang, yangs yin, springs flow from pen.morrow is a promise
today is here
seize it, seize it, seize it
should I live or hope to live?
every man dies, not everyman lives
in living, we fail to live
nature offers  day
so it's lived, not preserved
oh come dearest chums!
gather moola
this night
every other night, let's
sip jiggles of scotch, fume cigars
pluck damsels
oh come sweetest!
let's cover the skies, oceans too
canoodle come dusk
delay not, our stuff will not endure
embrace morrow's promise
but celebrate now's joy
life well lived is suffice
savour life's minutes
dwell in the moment
NOW is everythingCarpe diem CNY
Looking forward to celebrate
This blissful year of the dog
Another Chinese New Year
Is round the corner
Happy
Joyful
There could be no tomorrow if...
But our theme; 'No Limit.'
Free to celebrate
Cheers everybody
Next CNY?
Maybe, maybe not.Apollo plays his golden flute,
While children play in the trees, and we celebrate nature.
While children play in the trees, and we love every creature.
Here 'Carpe Diem' is the law, here 'Carpe Diem' is absolute.
A toast to us! Today is all that we have.
A toast to us! Human life is a fragile noon.
A toast to us! We will die soon.
A toast to us! From eternity we're save.
Apollo plays a sad serenade
Finally, eternal sleep came
There is no one to blame,
'Cause our lives shine and now they fade!somewhere cancer is lurking
cancer is eating its way
where or when
don't know
caire pe diem is the theme.It was a very long journey
Long enough to make one sleep on the way
But as brave as I was, I didn’t have a nap
Guess why? I walked it till my legs ached to my laps
I became so tired and exhausted
Behold, the journey was not over yet
I decided to do otherwise
By crossing the road to the other side
Immediately, a car parked at my front
I didn’t hesitate, so I entered
I alone at the back seat and no one else
“Alas! A transformation has taken place”, I said to myself
In a commanding but polite way, I uttered
“Please, take me to so and so”
The driver ignited the engine in haste
And zoomed off with the speed of my taste
I noticed someone else in front
Definitely he wasn’t the driver
He was putting on a uniform
An army officer he is with a gun
Someone driving me?
With an army officer in front?
And I alone at the back seat?
I must be a very prominent personnel then!
As we drove by the road
Pedestrians waved their hands at me
But their faces were not familiar at all
It was the driver who then waved in return
I still felt like a super star going fot a show
Or rather, crème de la crème  of the society
This mustn’t be a dream, I prayed
But the journey was still not over yet
All of a sudden, the car halted
I was puzzled, for this wasn’t my destination
I said nothing so as to maintain decorum
Then, someone walked to the door and opened it
For me? I thought
My ego began to bloom
Immediately, he jumped in with others
I became perplexed with my mouth open
The seat became so tight, but the journey continued
Was I day-dreaming or what?
Attacked by mobs or a gang robbery?
With a security officer in the car?
No, they were minding their own business
Suddenly the car stopped for a second time
The driver turned to me and asked for my fare
I was still contemplating if or if not to pay
Till the officer gave me a scary look
I quickly complied, dipped my hand into my pocket and paid
Hurriedly, I jumped out
I peered at the top of the car
Lo and behold, it was a taxi
Indeed I was dreaming
A dream I longed for to come true
And the journey continued.Carpe diem __ life of a butterfly.
A butterfly with broken wings still flapping.
On the ground, another rotting.
Carpe diem, brief, briefness of life.
Carpe diem life of butterflies.
Such briefness, a butterfly would not know.
Butterfly is the reason.
Think of butterflies
Think carpe diem.CARPE DIEM
L.E.S - Live Every Second
One life -
Enjoy it or suffer
Destroy it or prosper
Follow your internal passion, live out every second
Swallow your mental prison, love without any dead-end
Treasure what's precious, pressure away what's malicious
Measure your worth, through your eyes
Seek pleasure on earth, know what's true from the lies
Peace, be with, your mind
Release, to its pith, what's keepin' you blind
Forgive your mistakes, sieve away past aches
You are not perfect, yet, you are not a reject
Be positive, estrange hatred from reality
Act causative, be the change in society
Smile, sadness is futile, life goes a long mile
Do not despair, prepare for fear to disappear
Grow old and watch the beauty of life unfold
Live in harmony, communally, maintain autonomy
Control your destiny, write your own history
The world is yours
Carpe Diem, seize the moment.I am not a Prince Hamlet
And you must not leave me
Like an Ophelia.
I am not an Othello, the Moor,
And you must not die
Like a Desdemona.
Rather with a Carpe Diem love
I am here to you.
Like a Coy Mistress do not delay
Because my heart is aching for you.Carpe diem makes my heart race
Carpe diem drives me to pursue
Carpe diem chases me on with reigns
This 'carpe diem' is driving me crazy
keeps me in a daze, that rat race
I must race.
Carpe diem reminds me
the light will soon be no more.I looked around and it was the day,
That again will never come;
I could not help it but to sway,
Away from what would make me glum.
I thought that I've been granted life,
And so did life take but for granted;
I thought that time was yet rife,
And had my soul by life enchanted.
My life has passed before my eyes,
As what's alive was just no more;
I've never thought of any goodbyes,
And still of faith was but unsure.
I've seen the green swiftly fly,
As did the gray and too the blue;
I've felt all beauty at once die,
And couldn't stand that morbid view!
I've looked above and did scream,
At a god that there might not be:
'Look down on this scarlet stream,
And speak but of immortality! '
Though life may but immortal seem,
Whilst everything else ceases to be;
It could be nothing more but a dream,
And on the waking verge's just uncertainty!
I woke up thinking of:
'What if the world ends today?
You've had much mirth but it's not enough! '
Then hoped more mirth won't make me stray!AD LEUCONOEN
Horace: Book I, Ode 13.
_'Tu ne quoesieris, scire nefas-'_
It is not right for you to know, so do not ask,
Leuconoe,
How long a life the gods may give or ever we
are gone away;
Try not to read the Final Page, the ending
colophonian,
Trust not the gypsy's tea-leaves, nor the
prophets Babylonian.
Better to have what is to come enshrouded
in obscurity
Than to be certain of the sort and length of
our futurity.
Why, even as I monologue on wisdom and
longevity
How Time has flown! Spear some of it!
The longest life is brevity.Tick tock, how time does fly,
slipping through my fingers;
wasting my days till I die.
The morning tides, a blessing;
I should seize the day.
Another day leaving me guessing,
if time itself would stray.
Yet my hours foretold of that of bore;
I lose myself within.
Many times of yore.
Many times of then.
So I gaze upon the clock;
the hands slowly pass,
slower with the hours flock.
I without a cause;
I feel lost with time
For me, time does not pause-
when I long for sublime.
I admit I am weak,
I am only a man;
whom were as bleak,
whom without a plan.
Lost in life and in time,
without a reason for a reason;
the only truest crime.
The echo of the ticking clock-
cries out, mocking me;
grasping time by the stock,
yet still I refuse to see.
Confusion reigns over me,
I know not my desire;
whether to die or to see,
whether time cast out my fire.
My fire, the urge to live on,
through the days of down;
the hours marks my dawn.
I am blessed with a gift of a new day;
it should not go to waste.
Being as it may,
I shouldn't have haste.
I've taken life for granted,
it is just that;
this life I lived is canted,
like time itself begat.
Life is fragile, I shall not stray;
time is only a memory;
I should seized the day.Carpe diem
Has long gone today
Another day will be born
TomorrowCarpe diem
Sieze the day
As I meditate
Things appears to be out of control
Yet, I shall still pursue and overtake
Anyway
Carpe diem
Is what I say
After all
Saper vedere
As I realize
that it is
mind over matter
Which helps
along the way?I hope you remember
This pretty life’s rule
Carpe Diem,
Mon Amour
Because everything
What exists between
Such a whiles as this
With you and me
Is just an empty space
To fill and feed our souls
By memories and hopes
For the next
Miracle of love
Maybe these are just a few
Whiles like this
Which makes us to believe
That it’s really worth to liveOur bodies are too tight
And minds are far apart
You can't depend just on dread
You'd better open up your heart instead
Carpe Diem - that's what you need
You won't have the same happy days indeed
Each second lost will cost you a lot
You want to have fun but cannotCarpe diem means to pluck the day,
cherish it as a flower so lovely
Then share it or just give it away
to a human in great need of beauty:
A bit nicer gets that little life of mine
Whenever i manage to give away some timeYesterday is missing,
Like a lost treasure in a city,
The dancefloor I tread in a pity.
Forgetting that I am in Philly,
My thoughts wander in a beating,
Time passes and it is but fleeting,
But still, yesterday is missing.
This life has become a blur,
Remind me, did I not come from far?
Wasn't yesterday to my life a support bar?
I feel lost, my mind tossed, like a deluded sir.
My life wagon forgot where it has come from so far,
Who I was, today tries but to mar,
Everything said to me now will be a slur.
Should I think of it as for the best?
Perfection is what my life has had as quest.
Stranded in who I am, should I think of this as a test?
Or should I fight from this trough to the crest?
My east is lost; how should I find my west?
I am being told my present I should not detest,
And while I think I can, I still think it not the best
A fly passes by and its minuteness I see,
To me it speaks of how to be,
"My dear to your status I advise you cling,
Before long, riddled your shape will seem,
Ductility soon your bones will feel,
And yesterday not being here will not like a worry,
But here is today and now, you are in it.Life is so Precarious...
So Tenuous...
So Fleeting...
I would be happy right  now...
Just to open my eyes...
And SEIZE the Day...
(November 11,2010 Wausau, Wisconsin)
(c)  Copyright 2010 by Christine A Kysely, All Rights ReservedThe first night, the best night,
you had me at hello.
We went to your room,
and it was like I'd been there before.
My heart raced, my smile glowed.
We pulled out the cards,
and opened a beer.
Strip poker was not my strength.
Behind a pillow I hid,
behind my wall.
Your lips, my lips,
touched, my heart raced, beating louder then a drum.
I wanted your hands on me,
my hands on you.
We layed on your bed,
and talked long into the morning.
Our bodies embracing,
rubbing.
We didn't need sex,
to enjoy ourselves.
You sparked my heart strings that night,
my walls shifted.
Each time, everytime,
they come down a little more.
Yours are high,
but crumbling along side mine.
Don't let go my friend.
You and I are quite the pair, you know.
I would not shower with just anyone,
nor would I whisper my sweet nothings.
The things I do with you,
I hardly ever share.
If I was willing to try, are you?
If i put my heart on my sleeve,
would you take care?
How am I to believe you, how am I to love you,
and not think you'll be the same, as my first love?
My first love, my hardest love,
my deepest love.
I've never felt such pain,
I could not bare another such as that.
But for you, I'd be willing to try.
Do you believe me when I say, I care for you?
I do.
More then anything, I want to love you,
I want to be there for you.
Can I have your heart?
Share your thoughts with me.
My hearts racing,
Carpe Diem.Seize the moment when the sun shines,
When people ccan only think of happy times.
Birds are singing,
Babies laughing,
Everythings calm and stays in line.
Cherish this moment, fore when it ends,
The world is broken and filled with sin.
People dying,
Babies crying.
The war continues and there's pain again.Come stroll with me to the top of Blue Jay hill
Escort me upon this adventurous journey now
We will waltz on the platform of that ancient mill
Free yourself from the city, I can show you how
I will name a creek and a flower or two just for you
This will be our enchanted land, if only for a day
Rule one in this land is to do as you wish to do
Rule two in the kingdom is to cast your cares away
That burden that you carry simply must be tossed
The weight of pain and regret is too heavy here
We will find ourselves by deliberately getting lost
Use a Sycamore branch to joust away your fears
Greet your first sunrise through your watering eyes
Your warming cheeks caressed by those welcoming rays
Surrender to your passions and you will be surprised
The time is now and not just 'one of these days'.Go on and forth,  seize the day.
When the tongue is afraid to say.
At that time to take an extra mile,
Let yourself out,  for that little while.
There's no harm in taking a leap downward, .
When it acts as your force to go on, forward.
When the world is trying to pull you down,
Be oblivion,  cause it's the fight for the crown.
The crown,  carved for the greatest glory.
When you get there, writing your own heroic story,
You will be the pronounced winner of the game called life,
As,  to get there, you have fought the battle,  to end the deadliest strife.
And that day,  you shall be called the true winner,
For truly interpreting the words of the leader.
And, so,  shall the honor of the greatest never fade away,
As all shall hail,  Carpe Diem, Seize the day! !Seize the day and do not delay
Or else there be a worse price to pay
For it is your life to waste not mine
I am but a man nothing divine
Be prepared to bear the worst
But just remember to be stronger then curse
I will live my life by this motto
From this day forth and tomorrow
Carpe Diem be the phrase
If every man lived by that we'd know the wayLife is meant to live in the ''moment'',
tomorrow will arrive if tomorrow should,
yesterday are moments lost in real time.
Memories are images for Life's fortress,
re-runs from times non-negotiable motion,
running fast, and never looking back.
Carpe-diem, a mantra so despised by they-
who prioritize possessions over providence,
and mock the Kind in Heart as ignorants.
Life, in the scope of length and worth-
nary be measured...by guess or presage;
all we have is all that's meant to be,
in moments to cherish till death be ours.Time no longer recalls past dreams
Now all memories in purple hazes
Time continues in it's chosen way
A crystal ball won't turn the pages.
Comfort empty spaces in your heart
Time does not' wait, seize the chance
Golden opportunity will wait for none
Life's journey can be a merry dance.
The time to do and be is always now
Let fate decide be it north or south
Regard the future with anticipation
Don't look a gift horse in the mouth.
Be swayed not by the highest bidder
On your life's trek, long or short
You'll find chances flowing at random
Carpe diem success can't be bought.
Don't dwell in shadows of discontent
Dreams come true to those that will
Questions asked should be answered
Yours will be if you climb that hill.Useless ash upon the hearth
That looks out on my soul.
The life, the light, the cheery warmth,
Expires and now lays cold.
That pleasant snap, that glowing flame,
Passed warmth to reverie.
And though my life may seem the same,
It’s not the same to me.
The flame is gone, the fuel is spent,
As embers fade away.
We sadly wonder where it went,
Our youth and blissful days.
3/14/05Get up! , Get up! ,
Outta the old fart sack!
Too long have you been
Lying on your back.
Arise, arise and meet the sun
You lazy stupid son of a gun.
You’ve been loafing there
Four hours or more
No wonder your back
Is getting sore.
Do you want to sleep
Your life away?
Get up, get up,
And greet the day.
No more rolling in the hay
There’s beer to drink
And bills to pay.
Let me take another tack
Drag your ass out of that rack.
Don’t stay there another minute
The day is yours and you can win it.
So up, up, up and carpe some diem
It’s time to cause a bit of mayhem.
Do not linger any more
Time to be up and out the door.
It’s reveille, reveille,
Up all hands!
When you sail to foreign lands
Get on your hocks and grab your socks
Is what they used to say to me
When sailing on the deep blue sea.
But that was in the days of yore
And now I’m beached and on the shore.
And have to make a decent  living
Life can be so unforgiving.
So it’s up, up, up,
And off to work
The daily grind
I dare not shirk
I have to make a lot of money
To buy some nice things for my honey.
Life is such a cruel rat race
It’s hard to keep up with the pace,
Time to set the world on fire
If it’s to greatness you aspire.
Another day, another dollar
Will have to wait
Til I hear you holler,
Get up you lazy Ess Oh Bee
There’s worlds to conquer
Things to see.
But all that stuff won’t go away
That is all I have to say.
It will wait another day.
I’ll just have to flunk this test
So it’s back to bed
To get more rest
So I say, to my great sorrow
Maybe I’ll get up tomorrow
I will not prevaricate
I will just procrastinate
As already it is way too late
So I’ll just lie here, don’t have a doubt
And don’t let the door hit you in the ass
On your way out!As the sun heads south
Go to the beach
Swim in the ocean
Build big sand castles
Cos summer and its shadow
Will soon be erased by time
Like words written
On sandy beaches
© 2016Behind every goodbye there is a hope of new hi and
Behind every hi there is a pain of bidding bye sooner or later
The moments of life lies in between that short span
Spread your arms if you long for a hug
Open your heart if it aches for love
Dance and sing until the rain stops
Kiss passionately, if not your beloved at least the wind
Enjoy the beauty of nature in countless ways
Take chances and dare to fail, you will have the second
Forever and never-ending too comes to an end, Wait not
Until the moment arrives, seize and live it.Ephemeral eyes of the Eternal soul
Never cease to seek that goal
Whether it be on Mount Olympus' zenith
Or in the depths of Hades' lair just beyond the river Styx.
How could it, something momentary
Strive for something that's wanted by so many?
How could I reach that lofty peak
Without performing an impossible feat?
I guess it all ends in faith, belief in the absurd
I think I just have to want it bad enough
To make the whole cosmos revolve
And make me realize, do what I Could.There is so little time to spare
In a world that whizzes round
At the speed of light, the giddy light
Blinding the eyes and mind.
Snatch each moment of the day;
Steal each breath from the night
Before death comes on silent feet
And sweeps you out of sight.There’s no longer even one of Carpe Diem’s rosebuds for you and me,
time made it into dust, and nothing;
I don’t know where your youth or beauty might wander now,
or your lovely smile, the lily color of your look,
no one will tell you where in the universe I live,
but in your moments of serenity perhaps,
after a pleasure or other,
a speeding image will pass by
of what you and I had together in an already distant time:
that feeling,
illusory and entranced, where the past seems to come alive again
ah, it’ll be so fast that sleep will close your eyes,
because dawn will make you again young and happy,
and that rose transformed into dust,
frozen flame, or fragrance just gone
will be the forgetting.
(Translated from Spanish by Nick W. Hill)When you expected the sun to shine but the rain poured instead do not feel frustrated, seize the moment to take respite from the burdens of the day. Be delighted that the foilage are happy to be sprinkled freely;
When you feel old and notice the luster of youth lacks sparkle, don't worry be happy.
Seize the moment and take pride that aging is rewarded with wisdom which the young ones will achieve many years far away;
When you failed to achieve something you thought was designed for you, do not regret or be weary. Destiny had align you for what you are today, seize the moment and shout
victory;
When you drop or forget your shopping list, do not attempt to make another one. Seize the moment and enjoy a shopping spree once in a blue moon while you can;
When you think you are strange or eccentric person, do not feel outcast. There are
millions of us with oddity who are kind hearted free spirited Homo Sapiens. Seize the moment and wear your crown as King or Queen of Oddballs Par Excecellence;
CARPE DIEM, Seize the moment whatever life confronts you. For this moment is like a river you can never step twice. Treat your moments like a poetry in motion where into the depthness of your heart and soul, you and only you, can decipher the meaning behind the rhymes and rhythm.At any moment in this lifetime,
There’s a tragedy ahead.
We don’t know where each path will lead,
In mere seconds, we could be dead.
There’ll be surprises around every corner,
And of course there’ll be wrong turns and dead-ends.
Data won’t help us in the future,
It merely tells us where we’ve been.
With so many people around you,
There will be no certainty.
All it will take is just one person,
To redirect history.
We must live each day like it’s our last;
We mustn’t stop and ask ourselves “why? ”
Do whatever your heart desires,
And in your dreams, reach toward the sky.
Don’t waste one single instant,
Valuable that they are.
But most of all, though it may seem far off,
It may not be all that far.Ever so slowly the great wheel of life turns
Mother Earth smiles as we all scurry about
Searching for this and that
But what is it that we want….
A bigger Teepee?
Or another concrete road
or maybe a larger TV
Some even refuse to keep score
While others long for what they had
Yet most keep thinking they want moreInspiration's spent cartridge, having shot its insight bolt from out of the blue out of sight, hangs, bridge ridge ego echo kidding between indifferent and indignant, apparently almost borderline indigent in suspended animation, arrested as if Time and Space had conspired to offset kinetic energy oversight aspiring to fire the Ages, to dissolve need for conceptual anchors and thereby solve descriptions of descriptions of inside/outside interdependant fractal interface tracings pacing the space outline of straight line meta-mode mind-sets while awaiting the meeting mutating mate to mating with itself.
Pivot and pillow wo[l]rd challenge tenets of Ti[m]e and P[l]ace, ful[l]crum[b]s of the soul's immortality, seeking to block the spirit's fleeting winking inking thinking linking greeting shrinking within itself.
A state me[a]ntal line, desperate to [t]race light, as if its existence depended upon its s[p]eed, soars, curving, arching through the marching universe attempting to reach, underscore, and underline itself.  Light quark sparks affect all levels of cosmic consciousness until the circle reforms an image impression expression of universal harmony.
Emotions long to [l]ink the pages of the Present, intertwining Past and Future, and, in letters large as life, decipher themselves, decode the genius or gene I us emoticons so near, and yet so far. The door of insight and enlightenment is ever ajar, although it often seems too narrow to those who ephemerally flicker through their three score years and ten.
Up and over, to where, hitting, the lead layers of primary consciousness, 'wait' changed state as weight dissolved, and led away from the temptation of falling back on the memory's backwash flashback switchbacking and side tracking up and down upon a semi colon black background, back to and from basics, a-muse-sing contradiction in terms, as the bridge between Whence and Wither, Cause and Effect suddenly spanned the echo relay race of Eternity's comings and goings, ebbings and flowings, knowing and unknowing as the cycle geared up and peered/appeared over hair-splitting layers of primary unconsciousness.
The sleeper seeks to wake, awakening unlooked for in this temporal  continuum. Fake break takes time out for its own sake without making flaking rhyme. The chronological water shed the logical and fed from Chronos' legendary meal, taking from the Gods from which he himself once partook while spinning topsy-turvy among the blue and green rings around Saturn's void.
Kernel, unrooted from the inner recesses of the mind, that dark fertile area where creativity restlessly and relentlessly anticipates release, bursts into nut gut activity.  Nevertheless, innovation is considered cancerous by those who their inner selves refute, or fear to know.
The universal soul awaits inspiration to send sap soaring, outpouring from core ring at all levels.  Tendrils tentatively touch, tenderly tease to deracinate, sensate and sate the tortured synapses of the spirit. Explosion of consciousness calls all, especially itself, into question.
Warp and weft, bereft of references, dance a double helix under the sum of understanding, st[r]anding both apart from and a part of the hole that leads the whole into and out from itself.
Truth's essential essence reflects prismatically and chromatically upon all aspects of awareness, the soul works on the Will to redefine the Way as harmony and chaos complete each other as cosmic and karmic interplay evolve revolving around each other.
The sleeper wakes, works on the Will, finds, refines, redefines and realigns the Way, which, in its turn, underlines individual inability to assign its paradoxical convergent_seas to seize the day, given that among the English anagrams for CARPE DIEM include PRICE MADE, PRIME ACED, EPIC DREAM, ACME PRIDE, to DIME CAPER? MAD RECIPE, I MAP CREED, AM PIERCED, REMAP DICE!
Borderline inspiration bridges ego echo… nowhere, everywhere, wear the same surround.Seize the Day
Use it well
Join the fray
Be compelled
Add some color
Make it glow
Give a holler
Let it show
Avoid the hearse
Don’t give up
Be the first
At sun upit’s that
sweat soaked
moment
gripped in
the firm fist
of apprehension
when everything
seems equally
insignificant
except for the
heart in her chest
that moves you
in torrents
and
that burning heart
in your chest that
has finally finished
convalescing
and is ready
to be conquered
againLife is a grab bag,
Never asks that it be fair.
There are no guarantees
anywhere.
Plus and minus, a measure
of talent
And perhaps you make it
on balance.
As for the good life
syndrome,
You lose some; you win some.
Life is a grab bag
No refund, no exchange,
Just a self limited range.
Born into a time a place,
You consume time, expand
space,
Grabbing all you can
of life's repast.
Carpe Diem while the
daylight lasts.Forgetting it all
Flying away
Standing tall
Going my own way
To not have a name
To not have a thought
To stop playing the game
To never get caught
Escape the world and fly away
Carpe Diem
Seize the dayThe cool breeze of the dawn
with the slim sunlight,
Followed by the glaring sunshine
the chirping of birds, the song of cuckoo,
What a fresh morning sight to view!
The silent afternoon,
The calm warm air,
The noise of the swaying leaves
A subtle song heard from a far off place
What a peaceful noon away from the usual rat race!
Seated by the seashore
The sight of the fishing boats and ships in the middle of the sea
The waves trying to get on the land, retrace and come again
The sea shells coming along with the water to the shore
Worth an evening to adore!
A gaze at the night sky
The crescent moon
The twinkling stars
If a shooting star also gives way
What a pleasant sight to end the day!
I would long to have a day like this
The soft haze of a spring day
The red fire on a long winters evening
To submerge in this dream land
For a day be freed from the routine errand!
So Come, Lets sing our songs
Dream our dreams
Hope our hope and
Pray our prayer
with a sense of Carpe Diem.As we live, day by day
Our hopes, our dream’s slip away,
Why not seize the day?
And say goodbye to yesterday,
Grab hold its time to fly!
Take your dreams and let them shine
“So take too many pictures,
Laugh too much,
Forgive freely and love like you’ve never been hurt”
There is only so much time,
To say what needs to be said,
But you don’t have forever
No matter how much you may pray
So live every moment of this day,
Say goodbye to your lifelong fears
“Because every second you spend angry,
Or upset is a moment of happiness you can never get back”
So live with no excuses,
And love with no regrets
Just do what your heart says.
Its carpe deim baby
Why not give it a try?Seize the day, for yesterdays are gone
And tomorrows are yet to be
Seize the day, for you are here
Grasp the treasure that you see
Seize the day, seize the day
Before it vanishes in the mists of yore
Seize the day for once it goes
It won’t come back no moreAll these voices, where do they come from?
The wind blows, and I do not now your source.
You take me with you in spite of my will
On each journey, who directs my course?
Not love, not life, not even death itself
Like a fallen feather death slowly unfolds.
I am here today but gone tomorrow
Where to, and who cast the final moulds?
Some high flyers, the spine from their back disappears,
While others come crashing down in pieces and die.
I know fate does not wait on my acts or me,
Who writes this final verse -is it really I?
"Carpe diem quam minimum credula postero"
Horace words fall silent on my deaf ears
Youth ambition blinds the daylight bats
And lonely nights are doubts fallen fears.
I leave the Gods out from this equation
Math and algebra are not my strongest token.
My beating heart is my rhyming in question
My heart's harp strings are old but not broken.
"What remains of us is love'" I wholeheartedly embrace,
Such love foretold is for some is a fool's gold
They went searching for love but found its doors
Locked behind triple chains blackened with mould.
I fess up, I confess, this was their test, not my test,
And they failed miserably to find true love and to recover.
Seize the moment and go for the pot of gold - is their gold standard-
But not my cup of tea, I prefer to be content as a poetry lover.
January 10,2013-
Copyright Leaking Pen 2013
Rev Nov 10th   2014Blow high, blow low!
No longer borrow
Care of tomorrow:
Take joy of life, and let care go!Daar ginds staat een roos
stom en dor en boos
haar bladeren verdord
de wind die haar wat port.
Je kunt het haast horen
de doornen van venijn
daar staat ze wat verloren
verdoofd  en niet te smoren.
maar binnen daar klopt
nog een hart rood en klein
dat zou nog wel even
een bloem willen zijn.
Madrason 10-11-2013
**************Today is a day like no-other
Today is a very special day
So what ever you do
be it the dream you pursue
don't let it slip away
Never again will this day commence
And will be hence forth known in the past of tense.
Fide LiterisWhy live today for a better after life?
Why waste moments for a fate uncertain?
We've been granted  this existence.
So shall we bow out before the final curtain?
Live today like there is no tomorrow.
For tomorrow does not promise heaven or hell.
There is no paradise or lakes of fire.
And if there was how can you tell?
Live with pride, realise your dreams
and don't waste time on foolish fate.
Because if you die before your wake
are you sure you'll see a pearly gate?
For those who dedicate to follow
rules in the tomes of the manipulative
even if you live in sin
does your God not promise to forgive?
So are we to dine with Gods?
Well I don't not know.
But I refuse to pay pennance
to a landlord who does not show.
I am only assured one life to live
and waste it I shall never.
For I chose to be great today
a goal from which I will not sever.
You can keep Gods and Allah's
You can pray to your invisible friends.
You can prepare for a mythical tomorrow.
But it's in today I shall ascend.Years've passed. Hate and distrust expired.
Your synapses turn to something akin to wood.
You motor's slowing nicely, as it should-
Frankly, you're more or less healthy, love, but tired
Tired having seen so many kinds of folly, learning as you
Did, all spring from the same rood:
Genuine Greed, imaginary Need-
Awful, loving, now, all points of view
Awful, loving all, now, clothed or nude.
Necessary, illness, now, and good-
Even your teeth's, which presently grow forward!
God, an indemnity, as you trudge death's doorward.
All you had you now admit, indeed,
But having, now, admit no longer need.Swift comes the opportunity
On wings of chance sublime
We ought not to waste it in vain
May it not come again, the other time?
So grab it by any luck
Let it not be slipped loose
Master your fear, hone your senses
Moment you wait for, comes true.That red carpet half-way between
my lip and desire,
a bunch of stars at e'ery step of the way
to collect by the sea ashore;
of laurel wreath thy myrtle crown
that crow's quill beside,
of plumed hat on knees in ruffled feathers,
a phantom of chalice wings
under the canopy of a hut:
this world in thy presence alone
to a land of fairies abides,
along the pavement of cow parsley;
a foul fawning bay at my door
of unnerved blood in vein,
oft bewails the night through hurtlings of past woe:
e'ery flower upon a barren heath of ages that are dead
from out of the blues in still waters,
agoing, agoing to that day of unaltered eye,
thy gilded monument astounds in modern electra.
(C)     Naveed Khalid
Copy Rights (C)     2014.
All Rights Reserved.
Date Created: Saturday, December 27,2014 1: 19: 33 PMA certain formula on Carpe Diem’s site
gives some swain people a fright,
with its might and frank right
and wrongs, it seems it belongs
to the realm of erroneous thoughts,
false like a healthy day’s snorts
it haunts its twisted creator, a traitor
of academia, with Mediterranean athymia
and psychophemia, he should be ostracised
to that despised space of disgrace.
But yourselves embrace, for the truth’s far more funny,
cause for love or money the equation was a farce
to parse the shallow minds in their disguise,
to separate the fools from the wise,
and what a surprise that must be
when their plea becomes a meaningless decree
and their ludicrous spree nothing but a hollow prize.Carpe Diem
they said
as they carpe'd Diem.
Like all beings
he was
expendable to them.
*
(Diem of Vietnam, murdered
in a coup, one of 16,000 assassinations
arranged by the CIA with military
escort teams.) .O beautiful you in garden's heart
From point where tomorrow shall start
Playfully giving and receiving
In all this of going amending
Lasting futures impending
When flowers seeds are reviving
The love that comes into night
And sets out its feelings on flight
Where garden roses are true:
In each their approval and lore -
When love gives to become more
Of all that is to renewactually my dear, the most that matters is
now. This is the moment. There is no other.
what is inside my palm is not yours to guess
for i may not follow your wish
your dream, what is here inside me is alive
but only for this moment, there is no time to think
or imagine. This is only the moment. The now.
This is the only moment. It is now.
Hold my hand. As we pass the river of our lives.
Do not look back, as the rush of the water may be
too harsh. Look at my eyes. This is the only moment.
Do not look down at your feet. The water is flowing.
And flowing. There is nothing that you can hold
with your fingers and drink. It is and it will be impossible
to grasp, a past reality, a future possibility.
This is the only moment.This is the only truth. Grab it
with both hands and tell me. Now, is the only truth. This
moment of our lives. You hear the sound of a cascade.
That is what we are now.Carpe Diem
Seize the day
Let no hour, minute or second pass
Without living it to the fullest and the best that you can
Linger and breath not where there is no fun to be had
Shed your tears not over regrets and time misspent
Rather weep with joy
For those joyous, wonderous years spent
Gathering forth memories and tidings of good cheer
To comfort you in the days of old that will all too soon come your way
Remember, always remember my friends to
Carpe Diem
2008 Ramona Thompsondifferent shades of smog lift up to the misty sky
steamy breaths trail from shivering lips.
complains find their place rooted dip into ghetto minds
my spirit is part of this.
I crave for more than just the rising sun
to paint the morning light
the heaven's eye shine with a shy embrace
there has to be more to life than meets the eye.The circle of life is like a flower,
like people they live then die by the hour.
Live life, use all your powers,
until there are no more hours.
Life is short and filled with fears,
and there's no need to spend it on tears.
Live life - seize the day,
and most likely your visit on earth will be worth the stay.Seize the day
This moment
That moment
Every
Such moment
This morning
Sun shining
Positive
Mood swinging
Afternoon
Such delight
In the park
After dark
Late in night
Stars shining
Brainstorming
Life planningUpon hearing the Nature's frequent call,
I went to attend the glory of nearby Spectacular Fall.
Away from the mundane and factitious world of living,
In the heart of the nature so replenishing.
There from a height water took its steep down pour,
So natural and captivating  cascade it wore.
Soothing rhythms welcomed me unlike it's summer growl,
With mildness to make me count it wasn't playing a foul.
Right in the midst of the fall a Rainbow rose,
Bestowing me  an ideal  setting for a pose,
Carpe Diem! Right then and there seized my day,
To drop few lines of  my living to portray.Age saw two quiet children
Go loving by at twilight,
He knew not whether homeward,
Or outward from the village,
Or (chimes were ringing) churchward,
He waited, (they were strangers)
Till they were out of hearing
To bid them both be happy.
'Be happy, happy, happy,
And seize the day of pleasure.'
The age-long theme is Age's.
'Twas Age imposed on poems
Their gather-roses burden
To warn against the danger
That overtaken lovers
From being overflooded
With happiness should have it.
And yet not know they have it.
But bid life seize the present?
It lives less in the present
Than in the future always,
And less in both together
Than in the past. The present
Is too much for the senses,
Too crowding, too confusing-
Too present to imagine.the shadow of today
clouds our minds
forgotten thoughts
of yesterday
hopes of tomorrow
crushed today
memories of todays yesterday
quickly fading away
lessons learned
lost by the time of a new day
every day has its own pain
todays different than tomorrows
the shadow of today
covers our souls in deep gray
for today will just be another
forgotten yesterdayO forlorn heart, so pure and unstained, yet so wary to commit,
Like the pensive bee that hovers over the flower, hesitant,
To seal the deal, burying deep his head in the arms of delight,
Cautious to approach, murmurs his annoyance in quiet.
What holds you back? What question plays on your mind?
An answering smile, to reciprocate?  An acceptance of arms
That carries the burden of your heavy heart? A subtle reprimand
At the dalliance that threw you in the way of harms? What qualms!
The same question plays on my heart. Am I worthy of this Adonis?
Ungrateful, rich at heart. Answer the stony years through which flows
Love’s justification, I draw my strength from that same love,
To stand guilty before you, my witness, stars that the steady sky tows.
My penitence, excuses, to cover your absences at the altar of love,
Shielding you from the sting of those sighing years, her angels
Kept appeased with my songs, its melody to your steady pace impart,
My pulse toiling harder to keep up with the largesse of your heart.
Watchful and guarded against the penetrating intensity of my eyes
Afraid to reveal too much too soon, what veil of words I spy.
As your warm eyes, to contain their depths desperately throw
Shadows, still the hungry eyes devour every emotion on my brow.
Come, seize the moment,
For when I faltered your torch has lit my way in the dark,
If you falter, trust me, pearls of my ardor shall light the spark,
Throw a smile to deter any doubts lurking around,
With a sign of recognition abound,
Wait till the glow hits my heart,
Give me time, for my sense have grown numb in your absence
Then let our understanding hands join in silence,
To finish God’s work, guided by God’s hands through the years.Awake.
Four in the morning.
Stretch,
Wiggle your toes,
Snuggle under the covers.
Yesterday, is yes; yesterday.
Tomorrow may not be.
This is the way
To live today!
I belong -
By your side.
Carpe diem!
sFrom my study window
I see you
below in the garden, a hand
here pruning
or leaning across to snip
a wayward shoot;
a daub of powder-blue in a
profusion of green,
then next moment, you are
no longer there -
only to reappear, this time
perfectly framed
in dappling sunlight, with
an armful of ivy
you've trimmed, topped by
hyacinth blooms,
fragrant survivors of last
night's frost.
And my heart misses a beat
at love for you,
knowing a time will come
when you are
no longer there, nor I here
to watch you
on a day of such simplicity.
Meantime let us
make sure we clasp each
shared moment
in cupped hands, like water
we dare not spill.Carpe Diem
Today
I live today
Glad, I'm still alive
Please do not curse me
For I might die because of your cursing
I wish I can live many more full days
And God, I want to live till ninety-four
Because, I do not know about tomorrow.Clock strikes 12.
There is no past nor future only the present.
The precious minutes we’ve wasted we can’t get back.
But knowing that I wasted them with you, keeps me here.
Stops time and sticks us together, frozen.
A picture.
A memory.
And you melt into me like candle wax until we can no longer determine where I end and you begin.
But I know that TIME begins and ends inside of you.
When I’m with you I forget about time but years from now I’ll sit back and say 'DO YOU REMEMBER THE TIME, WHEN WE... FELL IN LOVE? '
In fraction of second you consecrate me.
I want you to wake up in the morning right next to me.
It feels like there’s not enough time in the day, though of it we have plenty.
And when I don’t have the time I make it for you.
Every single appointment.
Even when I’m early its too late.
On my calendar your epoch is special event. My time I’ll take it for you.
As short as the time we’ve shared it’s cherished like eternity.
You are the era of horology.
The time flies when we’re having fun but it feels like an eon.
In a matter of days you give me countless infinities.
I will never miss you because of what we do but what we are together.
You gave me the time of day, way past due. The timing is right, and that’s my cue.
On my clock you are the TICK and the TOCK.
And yes there were other times but this time it's you.
All the TIME.
And all we have is right NOW!Carpe Diem
Sunrise, Carpe Diem, seize the day
Life is like a play, so find your way
An infinite maze this reality seems to be
Locked up in your mind, warden you have the key
Fly high in the sky, free as a bird
Life is what you make it, have you heard
Open your ears open your eyes, blinded by the light
Know yourself and rise to a much greater height
Raise the bar, We are cheering you on
Someday both you and I will be gone
Maybe death is an illusion and we'll still be here
Hold your loved ones and friends ever so near
You never know when they'll have to go
Part of this awesome infinite show
So just play your role and play your role well good human
Create as you go, this is your divine plan
You're the artist do you understand
Forward thinking, what do you have planned
Just learn to enjoy yourself today, words of wisdom
Like basic math, add the numbers, what's the sum?
Counting numbers till the end of time
Keep counting till you hear the clock chime
Time a tool for reality, what is your goal?
In this life you must experience depth of soul.
Around we go, The lord of the ring
Flower of life, All of the birds sing
Like our great sun, circling our serene planet Earth
Watching the sunset will help you find your worthOh, seize this day, lads and loves!
Take it by the
scruff of the neck and yank
until your spirit lights a fire
that cannot be put out.
Mere flames
burn the heart that
is determined and ready.
Shout, my earthbound friends,
to the rooftops of encouragement! (YES!)
Eager ladies and gentlemen
dash out of prison work…
and into the freedom weekend.
Seize the day and
waste the infidel night!
Raise your voice!
Get your point across!
We have a choice!
Life beats loss!
Seize the final day!
April 20,2011
Published in Harbinger AsylumCarpe diem 'Seize the Day' How bold...
Seize The Day. How does one do that?
Carpe diem, there are days, that like a
thief in the night, sneak up behind me,
and SEIZE ME!
Carpe diem...Seize The Day, how wonderful,
when there are days, that are within my
grasp...and then...I seize them!
Ahhh, now that I have them, I sometimes wonder,
what the hell do I do with that sized day, now?
I always was of the opinion that one should only
size the days, that they have a purpose for.
Now if I planed to stay indoors all day, what
would be the point of seizing the day?
On the other hand, to plan a lovely day, with
someone you care about-now that's a day to size!
Trust me, do not size any day, that you know not
what to do with. For if you do, you're dragging this
day around with you, not knowing what the hell
to do with it.
In all respects to the latins, who coined that
phrase, Carpe Diem, 'size the day, ' most of
them had no idea, what to do, with the day they sized!
Now the next time, someone utters those famous
words, Carpe Diem, 'size the day, ' look them
square in the eye and ask,
'If you size this day, what are you going to do
with it?
© Joe FazioLeuconoe
do not put the questions and look out to find
when it is to come my or yours end of life
that which Gods have given us.
It is impossible to find out.
So do not try even to tell it through the babylonian zodiacs.
It is better to endure whatever is to come,
the many winters or this only one
if it is the last  Jupiter has prescribed us,
the one just now turbulenting the thyrrenean sea.
Be wise, prepare the mixture of wine,
dwindle the great hopes
to be analogous to the short time in front
pick up each day
[like picking flowers up]
and do not trust the day to come after.jasmine sends
its mindblowing
fragrance, allure
before it drops
to the ground
stepped on
and crushed
the pretty lass
picks her best
to cloth her years
colouring them with
dreams, excitements,
love, heartbreaks and all
before she loses her greatest asset
lined with lines that spread cancerous like spears
to stab at the heart
grandma's wedding pic
so dreamy her eyes
the man holding tight at the waist
beefing up her best years
jasmine sends its scent to the wind
an innocent pretty lass praying for love to come
inspired by
Carpe Diem
O mistress mine, where are you roaming?
O stay and hear! your true-love's coming
That can sing both high and low;
Trip no further, pretty sweeting,
Journey's end in lovers' meeting-
Every wise man's son doth know.
What is love? 'tis not hereafter;
Present mirth hath present laughter;
What's to come is still unsure:
In delay there lies no plenty, -
Then come kiss me, Sweet and twenty,
Youth's a stuff will not endure.
William Shakespearewhen you spend your life fearing death
you'll spend your death hating life
carpe diem
drunk and alone
puts me in a zone
story of my life
being born
bordem
complication growing
medication
mutilation
marijuana< br>long rides in a worn out car
not knowing where you are
confusion
love
hate
finding my gate
traveling
welcome home... get out of my house
trailer park fun
waiting for the sun
debts and bets
walking the line
insanity is yours
but freedom is mineCarpe diem, seize the day,
Let's drink and flirt our lives away!
Pinch the bottoms of the girls,
Kiss their necks and pull their curls,
Party, riot, dance and sing,
Who knows what tomorrow brings?
Decay, dementia, syphilis -
Horace never mentioned this!As I sit
Seeping tea
Eating my favorite biscuit
And a bowl of noodle
Crowded afternoon tea house
Seize the moment
And the warm breeze
Friends, one by one gathers
Delightful cherry blossoms conversation
Carpe Diem, seize the day.‘Carpe diem! ’
a father snapped at his idle son
who was still languishing
in bed at noon.
‘I deem crap –
(anagram) ’ the lad fired back
quick as a flash
across the room.Wander not dear- blow with the fair breeze & fly the high seas,
All the fretting & sulking stoked, to find an enduring harmony in me,
Wander not into sounds that trick, with their spirited agonies,
Come seize the day, for we shall speak in the melody, God meant for you & me.
Look into my eyes; you shall reach the end of all your journeys,
Place your hand over my beating heart, & find it surpass yours in all degrees,
Like the butterfly, in a God endowed span, enjoys itself thoroughly,
Seeking nothing from flower to flower, save the sweetest of honey,
Live the joy & exuberance as God meant it, rest all must be memory,
Like the sweetness cast by the meekest flower, on a winter day, on a bended knee.
*             *             *
Let the cuckoos sing their sweetest,
Where lovers with a heavy heart rest,
Let the winds blow their trumpets
Where a lone candle burns in earnest.
Let the stars burn their brightest,
Let the darkest hour put them through the harshest test,
Let the coy flowers wistful in sobs of dew throw a riot,
In half shut eye, in half a dream reach their height.
Let the sunbeams open vaults of lit treasures,
And from each casement poet’s thought & sigh come together,
Let the moon in amorous pursuits,
In dew locks of the night, break into cold sweat.
With too great a capacity for joy,
When the world has little occasion for it.
Tarry not- for here I stand in abated breath,
Patient as the ants in your spell, I lie sedate,
When each moment pricks, like a thorn-embedded & plucked,
Before, in brooding fears & doubts, I drown,
Release me from this anguish, gently, to be reborn.
*                   *                   *
When the river persists the hills bow,
When the fruits heave the branches bestow,
Come monsoons the wind must with all his might blow,
Out on errands, the waning moon must return in her full halo.
Come the season, every tree pledges to burst into her splendor,
All entrusted with a purpose, a task to accomplish,
A soul to save, a heart to give away, a time to grant a wish,
For what do you wait- when God’s work lies incomplete at your door?
My time stands encased in a dew dropp in mid-air,
Holding my share of turmoil’s in sighs & cares,
While I knit verses in the trails of the birds & the bees,
Impart some sustaining truths that good things
come to those who wait on destiny, in a fighting frenzy.
Let's lend our heart's and spirits to light a hearth
And thereon, find new ways to measure our heart's girth.
6th Nov-2010Having a night without sleep.
What a day, I cannot think right.
I need to boost some thoughts and clear my mind with a cuppa.
Another precious day wasted.
Sleeplessness is such a threat.
I know, not much left.
I try to recall that Carpe diem philosophy.
I must walk around the rose garden again.
Imagine a must, lying down under the gentle moon on the softest grasses.
Get away.
Now I 've got it.
I must sit down and write.
I must be away and free.Carpe Diem!
I see everything so clear
Here in grass mowed over
My tender steps fill time
like an fountain of deep darkness
Hear Stars emanates from roots
Gushing from the pale cheek
The Moon my steps free vote passes
Without chains through
Enchanted Forest soon
subjecting
death and
Then I burn the words thousands of shards
Sparking the churches with winged fingers touch you
Knights are heads of Steel
Will unveil the helmet
And the clay banks
Desferecate will quiver
Bringing us meals
Trees of quiet blue: Carpe Diem, souls! I'll scream
Here in dislodging of bones
Trăiește clipa!
Văd totul atât de clar
Aici, în iarba cosită
Pașii mei buni îți umple timpul
Ca o fântână de întuneric adânc
Ascultați stelele emană din rădăcini
Se mișcă din obrazul palid
Luna mea trece pasul meu liber
Fără lanțuri prin
Pădurea fermecată
supunând
Moarte și
Atunci ard mii de cioburi
Bătălia bisericilor cu degete înaripate vă atinge
Cavaleri cu capete de oțel
Va dezvălui căștile
Și băncile de lut
Desferecate se vor trezi
Adu-ne mese
Copaci de albastru liniștit: Carpe Diem, suflete!
Vreau să țip
Aici, în dislocarea oaselorSeize
Treat each day like gold
Now, life is like the setting Sun
Time is as precious as gold
Tomorrow is not important anymore
The Sun is setting
With beautiful golden rays.God sings Carpe Diem.
God provided manna for one day.
Provided it won't rain, God, we'll rise early and pick.
He said, 'It is for today
..Just enough for a day..
Tomorrow, I'll send again.'
'Yesterday's ration turns mouldy.'
'Carpe Diem seize the day', sings the Lord.
'Live aday at a time.'Come on! seize that hard fought road!
That steady stained and chiselled path,
Scratched out from our chalk filled thoughts
Which touches on our naked dreams.
For it is the here, and that ever now
That desperately pleads to be run upon.
So Let us run!
Run with all our bloody heart's desire
and all our open worth;
Before times iron scythe slips
and casts its cold lot against us.
For the day is not as young,
with an ever eager pumping breast,
It tends to wander without rest.
Come on! let us seize this day!
For destiny is on the horizon,
And the shades are very close
I can sense their bated breath,
That hints of rare design upon the line.
With her flag raised,
Fate reaches out and begs for us
To reach for the that sacred open door.
So finally let us note,
that a pen stands,
where a sacred sword once stood,
Yet it renders and cleaves better,
than any solid weapon ever could.There's lots of celebration round
Christmas holidays are here
Take walk 'bout town
Have fun!
Because again the Christmas season has arrived
Enjoy
Just everything
Even there isn't cash or gifts
Be cheerful and have lots of laughs
Be merry be happy just shake those blues.The river will never catch you
if you understand white water.
Lightening will never strike you
if you heed to distant thunder.
Symbols can never haunt you
if your third-eye eschews them.
Death ne'er be yours to beckon
by year, day, hour, or second.
So go sail a raft, ignore the sky,
as cloud formations symbolize,
before your eyes...as you and I
have finally come to realize...
no matter where your logic lies
we were all born to live and die.
Frank J. Ryan, Jr.
All Rights Reserved
______MMXVII_____What better day to be alive
To search for treasure in the heart
Why with heartache's memory strive
If Cupid's arrow missed the mark
Time never waits for sorrow's grave
Or asks the rain to take a pause
Not every road through life is paved
Kept manicured to hide the flaws
Dare not allow failed love to anchor
Kept in harbor, dreams unfulfilled
Refuse all thoughts prone to rancor
Press through each day with stronger will
Time's too precious for deep sorrow
Live for today, dream tomorrow.Here, my heart is for you to see,
My soul is for you to burn,
Til no one can catch me,
Even the world stop to turn.
My Love, My lips is for you to kiss inside darkness,
And I will wait you for thousands of sadness,
Come and hold me, i'm your sweetness,
Here i sing for you and your happiness,
For you, i can die;
I swear, i will not lie;
Bring my soul where ever you go,
For my love, i can't say no.I intend to live out the rest of my days
By rejoicing in every fleeting moment;
By courting love & beauty not dark despair;
By praying that vital gods will bless me.
For I know not the day nor the hour
When death will hover over me and beat
Its terrible wings and it will all end.
In a heartbeat; in the twinkling of an eye.Life is nothing but one, a day
Fraught with moments eclectic be.
A breath, a whiff, frittered away
'Midst the drudgeries etched O Ye!
Surly snail, shell of oblivion
Retract you so swift, to flee life;
A shiny arrow quiver-sworn
Shoot forth like a skylark from strife.
What have thee to live for? Today!
Till thy morrow(s)  run dry wastrel
Unthrifty happiness waylay
To love, to live, mournful minstrel.
Seize the day, languishing flower.
Be grateful for every moment.
Carpe diem! Seize thy hour.
Bewail not thy lot ne'er for wont.Hold the last moment
Fleeting, drifting snowflakes melt
Eternity's heart
Release, flee the great design
and live life as a banquetThinking of God makes me happy
Writing poetry and drawing too
It makes heart glad
Happy
Thinking positive thoughts in one's head is great
Because
All start with thoughts
When I think of good things
It heals body and spirit faster
Faith and trust in my God keep me strong too.A corpse condemned to live
I long was lost
somewhere in my painful years
of grief, of doubts, of fears.
Ghost of my own memory
I long was dragged...
trapped inside my overt pain,
isolated, I ever been;
tied by threads unseen
I stay unmoved -
bound by fate unrest
I deem to stoop.
To live a life with life
I long did dream;
to dream to never drown
in woe, in qualms, in tears.
Prisoner of my own history
I long be freed
from ones my soul
played havoc with.
I long to feel my blood to rush
to feel, to touch... be felt, be touched.
Oh how I dream [and wake in it]
to live a life with life.True, I have always been happy that all the things that are inside
the body are inside the body, and that all things outside
the body, are out
I'm glad to find my lungs on the inside of my chest, for example;
if they were outside, they'd keep getting in the way,
those two great incipient angel wings; besides,
it would be messy
I mean, how would it be if your reached out to shake someone's hand
and there, in the palm, were a kidney and a liver complete with
spleen?
Can you imagine standing at 5 PM in a crowded subway car full of
empty stomachs?
What if a nice, nearsighted old lady were knitting socks and suddenly
her veins fell out? How would she avoid creating a substance
full of strangeness and pain? To the barefoot country boy
sitting on the edge of the bed in the morning and opening
Aunt Minnie's gift box, the sight of those socks would be
what he'd call "a real eye-opener!"
And what if our voices touched? If our mouths went out, instead of in?
If you were inside of me; or, at least, if I were inside of you?Now I have to cope
With all of this
And i´m losing hope
on the one I miss
He must not know
so I´ll go with the flow
they must not notice
that I´m feeling like this
´cause I want to forget it all
and wait for my curtain call
but she comes into scene
and takes my spotlight
with 'no intentions mean'
like 'it´s all right'
but i won´t buy it,
So here comes Pete
who says, 'love the brotherhood'
so, I bought her food.
But, ah! it makes me sick
to see this freak
all around him
preaching so rich
´bout high esteem
when she can´t reach
the least of it
He is her ticket in
to the high seam,
he´s the prize to win,
to get out of her ruin;
and she doesn´t dare
doesn´t have the nerve
to confess in my face
she got us into a maze
And so nice with her lace
puts on her show
but when i come,
apparently the foe
was just with her mum,
and took off the paw.
Now I wonder:
where he stands?
will he go yonder
into this sinking sands?
I know  they will lead him
away from his dream
´cause we broke up
so we could go higher
we ended it up
to be even wiser
Don´t want him to fall
want him to follow his call
God please let him be
the best he can be
´cause this crazy girl
and her never-grown mum
want to posses the pearl
to the cost of some rum
And this heart still aches
my blood fills the lakes
rivers, and the seas
But he doesn´t notice
doesn´t see the red in water
So this people walk by
and I say, oh my!
I´ll give it a try
I´ll open myself up
But they believe
they´re on top
who could relieve
such a behaviour?
Just do me a favor
Stop saying
You´re something
you´ll never be
I just make this plea
don´t accept me
don´t understand me
just be yourself
and don´t put people on a shelf
you can puke on me
but don´t dare pretend
you´re a honey bee
´cause this signs you send
make me puke
and the shot you took
will make you suffer
´cause you got nothing to offer
and you´ll be cryin'
when you see me flyin'
This is gonna be fun
since you´re only a pawn
who was feeling bad and sad
while I was playing with the lad
I really don´t care
and I know it´s not fair
but how can I help it?
You´re the perfect target
you gave me the weapon
so this game is on
This is so much fun!
You´re the little pawn
and I´m on the throne!
So off with your head
I´ll fight and defend
Yeah, that´s what I said!
he´ll reach his best
without your fest
So now it´s over
no need for cover
you´ve given me peace
and this, this is
what I need:
be close to you
like when I was a kid
no longer blue
not needing to hide,
just standing by your side.To those who sing carpe diem everyday
I hope they would live long to unprove carpe diem or life of a lizard
I hope they would smell flowers, big and rosy one
lotuses too.
To some who sing carpe diem all the time
I hope they will forget to sing and by God's grace live on to ninety ormore, with vigor and good health.
To those who are dogged by carpe diem all the time, I hope they will forget one day about carpe diem and live on, free
knowing life, knowing more and wise.
I pray God blesses them with accomplishments.
This is life!As we grow up, we learn that even like one person that wasnt
suppose to even not let you down probably will. You will have
your heart broken probably more then once and its harder every time.
You'll break hearts too, so remember how it felt wen urs was broken.
You'll fight wi your best friend, You; ll blame a new love for things an
old one did. You'll cry cuz time is passing by too fast, and you'll eventually lose someone youe love. So take too many pictures, laugh
too much, and love like you never been hurt because every sixty seconds you spend upset is a minute of happiness you; ll
never get back! ! ! !Λευκονόη,
μην το ψάχνεις και το ρωτάς.
Είν' αδύνατο να μάθεις
ποιο θά ' ναι για μένα, ποιο για σένα
το τέλος που μας εδώσαν οι θεοί.
Μήτε στα ζώδια της Βαβυλώνας οφελεί
να μπεις στον πειρασμό ν' αναζητήσεις.
Καρτέρα υπομονετικά καλλίτερα
ό, τ' είναι να συμβεί,
τους πολλούς χειμώνες
ή μονάχα αυτόν εδώ, αν τελευταίον
μας τον προόρισεν ο Δίας,
αυτόν π' αναταράζει μ΄ανεμοθύελες
το πέλαγο το τυρρηνικό.
Λογικέψου, ετοίμασε τα κρασάκια,
περιόρισε τις μακραίωνες ελπίδες.
Ακόμα και τούτην  ώρα  που τα λέμε
δραπετεύ' η κακόζηλη ζωή.
[Σα λουλούδι λοιπόν]
δρέψε την κάθε σου μέρα.
΄Οσο λιγότερο έλπιζε στην υστεραία.the repetition took the form of harassment
looks like a mechanism to cut the heads
who were rising
above the flock
with new ideas
somehow she was able to do that
another time
looks like a pressure that falls asleep on them
this repetition
this corruption
when
intimidating and demanding more money
for a new tour of the species
the repetition took the form of harshness
it looks like a mechanism to cut the heads
who were rising
above the flock
with new ideas
somehow she was able to do that
another time
it looks like a pressure that falls asleep
this repetition
this corruption
When
intimidating and demanding more money
for a new tour of the species
t
f
g
h
juu65rdd
CARPE DIEMSTo Moon Carpe-diems
February 22, 2020
O, Moon! remember
Truth will happen soon,
This message is very rare
The elements around,
The living beings,
As you see your forefathers,
Planted trees,
Made houses, furniture; where?
Your deeds will make you fit
And unfit,
Good deeds and bad deeds
Are quite opposite,
Which are always recorded
Can you see the wind?
But truth
Can you see your soul? But truth.Your Message - Carpe-diems Poems
February 20, 2020
Some days you will cross my grave
But tears you do not shed,
Because, you will also die
So ask other, as you are alive, not to cry;
Why cry?
As long as you are a lively tree
Live honestly
Do correctly,
Offer
Your fruits and flowers
To other,
And message of this tower;
What you do
And what you do not do
All are yours
But, think you are for others'.A scene right behind my eyes,
cascades like a rippling effect
as sure as the sun arises
sending shivers up and down
my arms
creating an abstract view to
absorb everything into my
developing a creative mind of
eternal evocative thoughts and
Other dramatic scenes of
Fantasy, fiction or even funny
Developing roles right within my
exciting or even evocative thoughts which
lightly caresses the paper within the palms
interior in the warmth of my fingers and
gently in my hand, as I write and enhance the
heightening crescendo nearing into an ending at
the end of the scariest story I've ever written.Thunder quakes outside my door
I open it, it starts to pour
.
Sheets of water cascading down
I feel your presence all around.
Night wind blows, a chill in the air
I take it in, I feel you there.Glist'ing drops
Splashing into fine mist—
I become one with the waterfall.
Feeling joy
As droplets kiss my face
And enter my soul's most sacred place.
Crystalline,
Anointing me with love,
Sustaining all life forms on the Earth.
Gratitude
For each divine droplet;
A cascading veil of purity.A familar cascade, your life remains meaningless
But the man above has hope for you....
All he asks is that you believe.
Trust that he will come to your pain.
Haunted by the sins among your shadows.
He will forgive the past...
He will forgive infamy....
It won't be long until you scream for his grace.
That's the only hope you have to survive in this place.
Fear no more, you will be praised with salvation
Raise your head up to the sky now, your days
of shame will be forgotten.... just call for his name
Your savior awaitsWhere are they going?
Their flight seems so aimless
A gentle breeze alters their flight path
Up & down, back & forth
No direction is the target
They have no defence against predators
They are helpless
Yet, with a beat of their fragile wings
They can change the weather pattern
In distant countries, thousands of miles away.cascade after cascade
night hours turn
as ruthless wheels
the mornings are afar
as be the Dawn.
pay care for me
my Monsignor the night
is cold
and the elongated spirits
roam about
in their wise chantsWater falls
From upper source
From any hill
Or mountain
May be from any cave
Then it falls
Just from up to down
Named waterfall;
But while falling
It scatters some
Beautiful scenes
Some romantic tones,
Thus flows from
Mountain to ocean;
To the way
It is named
Spring, brook, river
Even public lake
However, it is
Known cascade
First falls and then
Flows down forever.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │16 January,2018Tonight is perfect for staying inside,
but I'm busy contorting my organs.
For instance, my heart and brain love to fight.
Sometimes, you can see them twist my body
this way and that when it is raining, though
tonight is perfect for staying inside.
My lungs breathe heavy and my skin itches
to touch you, to let you know I'm all right,
but I'm busy contorting my organs.
It's a put off, I know. Losing control
when I'm around you, unable to say,
for instance, my heart and brain love to fight.
By: Robert Lee BrewerFrom eyes of the sad
Tears sometimes like the cascade
Fall, fall, fall and fall.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │14 January,2018From eyes of the sad
Sometimes like cascade fall tears
Make painful rivers.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │14 January,2018gushing waterfall~~
secret to a great haiku:
let it flow freely
© 2016The sun rose blazing the forest
in a fiery glow.
Hopping
Hopping on the cushioned floor
of fallen pine needles
Was a magpie-resplendent
in his black tuxedo
With a starched white shirt.
His tuxedo tails flapped
the ground
as
he scurried about gathering
tidbits of food.
Cascade
Cascade.
Thank you for my childhood
In the mountains
And the valleys
And around Cascade Lake
I was safe.
I roamed constantly
One with nature.
Thank you!The questions that he frames in all but words
will run as hushed as when they were a thought;
yet nothing he should care to leave behind,
they cannot scare him with their empty spaces.
Extremes too hard to comprehend at once
the questions that he frames in all but words,
they fall, they rip the grass, they intersect;
they must go downward past things coming up
will run as hushed as when they were a thought
be swallowed up in leaves that blow away,
to scare himself with his own desert places,
yet nothing he should care to leave behind.That forlorn figure in the sea and that
forlorn figure on the beach, that’s me,
wishing to bathe in warm waves - but
reduced to watching lattices of white
candy-floss forming cascade lace at
my feet: rocks make it impossible to
risk life & limb & I remain planted on
the beach, perceiving breakers form
candy-floss lattices of cascade lace…Waterfall of my perpetual mind
Stream of love is generously kind
Rapid life sings a melody in abundance-
Omitting havoc and empty reluctance.
Life embraces the current of time
Heart pounds with season and rhyme
Majestic cascade flows like soft wine-
Boisterous beauty is rare to find.Dry parched tongue and cracking lips
Longing for something wet and pleasing
Experiencing a complete brain eclipse
Losing consciousness …wheezing
Escaping an arid desert of drought
Caught up in a surge of believable illusion
Soaked in coolness…there is no doubt
Citrus libation satisfies a dusty delusion
The sensation of tartness is a real eye opener
Making flattened hair stand up straight in the air
There is no need to be hasty and call the coroner
A cascade of lemonade has ended the nightmare
8/13/09Each tear is a reflection of hope
That at the end of every weep
There is a smile to wear and keep
No matter how a sobbing water runs deep
Each tear is an epitome of strength
That another day is to come and hold
Beauty from pain to blossom and behold
No matter how tales were sadly told
Each tear is a complement of love
That pain and love go together
Like the raindrops fallin from above
No matter how lovely is the weather.
Each tear marks my summer in May
When the moon embraces the sun
As they kiss goodnight and say
Someday we'll be in this sky as oneZebras'
Yielding
Xerocole
Waterhole
V iable
Under
The
Swift
Rain.
Quickl y
Pouring
Over
Napping
Mammals,
Lethargic,
Keen,
Jumping
Into
Heavenly
Gullies
Flo wing
Endlessly.
Drinking
Clouds'
Bles sings
Again.Sweet water.
Coloured every shade,
By rainbow that caught my tears.
Crashing wild
Ocean child.
Through all the special years.
As sunset bled.
Love ran barefoot through my head.
My soul
Danced across the esplanade
To find horizons.
Where she had laid
That seascape down.
Where our dreams cascade.
Such joy
Is never real.
Until looking back.
Then you feel
All love that was made.
In naked moonlight
Under cascade.
She washed me clean.
No shooting star
That has ever been
Has ever seen
Such burning night.
Started by a raging sight
Of loving eyes.
Now rushing
Gushing
Before it dies.
Like a million hearts
With silver darts.
That waterfall.
When passion starts
We steal,
Like midnight raid.
Unreal.
That sprinkling
Twinkling
Cascade, .Night or day it is
When I think of her alone
Poetry flows in cascade!What sort of arrow split the sky and this rock?
It's quivering, spreading like a peacock's fan
Like the mist around the shaft and knot less feathers
Of a comet come to nest at midnight.
How blood surges from the gaping wound,
Lips already silencing murmur and cry.
One solemn finger holds back time, confusing
The witness of the eyes where the deed is written.
Silence? We still know the passwords.
Lost sentinels far from the watch fires
We smell the odor of honeysuckle and surf
Rising in the dark shadows.
Distance, let dawn leap the void at last,
And a single beam of light make a rainbow on the water
Its quiver full of reeds,
Sign of the return of archers and patriotic songs.This clod of earth that I call mine
is only dust and dirt,
Until your overflowing water
spills the green upon the brown.
Your whirls and eddies soak the ground
of this awaiting garden.
My breath dries to crackles and sparks
the air inside my jar.
Your mist and clouds discharge my fret
with gentle laughing rain.
Your waters dance and splash abandon
over all my hard-baked cares.
Ego-fire drives to level
all I really love.
Its flaming mouth would eat the world
and stand alone apart;
But that monster cannot pass
the river of your heart.Cascade
She threw cascades of rainbow colored flowers
Down the street as she hopped and skipped down it.
My gosh it was splendid.
For a secret she only knew why.
Let me see.
It was someone's birthday
Or wedding anniversary or anything of that sort.
But my oh my it was gorgeous.
The cascade of flowers were pretty.she steps aside among feathered wings
and in her hands a heart beating, stills.
she smiles with premonition. licking at the tear.
visualizing truth in the breaking
silence
seeing the sounds
she cannot hear
denying the obvious to embrace the obscene
and lingering in a eclipsed
dawnRolling, racing faster and faster, voices singing, taking
me along pathways of rhythm so placid and soothing.
Caressing this heart, letting it beat in time with rhythms
being listened to.
So intensely falling into this mind with designs flowing
into and over patterns, so delicate and interesting.
Beautiful sensations lifting desires to the forefront,
applying the most brilliant colors to poetry that is being
written.
Hues flowing over every note, gathering and collecting them
so quickly and rapidly, keeping time with every beat.
Solitary peace, giving an essence to passion that is already
within.
Carefully, exercising intellect as it wafts breezily into the
sky blue atmosphere, nothing standing in the way of meanings,
definitions coming into mind.
A ceaseless cascading of memories, images, and visions,
filling me constantly with their incessant beats.Distribution (Cascade Poetry)
February 22, 2020
I found some things
And wanted to distribute
Among some children,
Some got some
Other found nothing
I found some things,
I love equality
Every body's share
And wanted to distribute,
You think of me
And distribute all
Among some children.I couldn't have waited. By the time you return
it would have rotted on the vine.
So I cut the first tomato into eighths,
salted the pieces in the dusk
and found the flesh not mealy (like last year's)
or bitter,
even when I swallowed the green crown of the stem
that made my throat feel dusty and warm.
Pah. I could have gagged on the sweetness.
The miser accused by her red sums.
Better had I eaten the dirt itself
on this the first night in my life
when I have not been too busy for my loneliness—
at last, it comes.Earth's Cascade
(Free Verse)
Jun 7,2018 • By daniel miltz •
Tis' world's occupation
With regards to annihilation
Earth's collapsing disintegration
Strolling, generation to generation
Pray thou, to chaste shalt returnWhere crowns a purple haze
Ashimmer in sunlight rays
The hill called Incense-Burner Peak, from far
To see, hung o'er the torrent's wall,
That waterfall
Vault sheer three thousand feet, you'd say
The Milky Way
Was tumbling from the high heavens, star on starMountains to climb before shadows swallow
swallow the magnificence of the mountains
Vibrant magenta rays are no longer brimming
Brimming with intoxication… joyfully vibrant
Today becomes a flicker as hours cascade
Cascade into a valley that was once today
(6/28/2011)I Love (Cascade Poetry)
February 22, 2020
A flow from brain and heart says
"Hey! Will you love or hate? "
"Love, love, love, love, love", I say.
Now I love father and mother,
Brother, sister and others also;
A flow from brain and heart says;
Environment, plants and animals
As well as says the whole world,
"Hey! Will you love or hate? "
As human, I have the mission
Methinks, its part is not hating,
"Love, love, love, love, love", I say.In the Cascade Gardens from here far away
The lorikeets chirp in the bright sun of day
And the male green southern fig bird I fancy I hear
The gray brown mottled female to him perched near.
The song of the pied butcherbird one cannot mistake
In Spring he sings in the early dawn before daybreak
And the unmistakeable white ibis for scraps of food scavenge around
With their long bills they cannot probe for slugs in the sun hardened ground.
On the trees by the river gray with heads of light brown
The fruit bats in their thousands roost hanging upside down
At nightfall they venture out and even travel far
To the orchards and gardens where ripened fruits are.
In the Cascade Gardens I fancy I see
Sunbathers in swim wear walking home from the sea
When the cool breeze at evening from the saltwater blow
The memories remain of a place I did know.
Memories of the Cascade Gardens are living in me
The magpie is singing on the wattle tree
The sun brightly shining in the clear blue sky
And the gray noisy miners they chirp as they fly.À cette heure, elle n’est sensible,
La grande cascade du roc,
Qui par son tonnerre d’un bloc,
La nuit la rend toute invisible.
Et, pourtant, sa rumeur compacte
Décèle son bavement fou,
Sa chute à pic, en casse-cou,
Son ruement lourd de cataracte.
Un instant, l’astre frais et pur
Écarte son nuage obscur,
Comme un œil lève sa paupière ;
Et l’on croit voir, subitement,
Crouler des murs de diamant
Dans un abîme de lumière.Learning From Nature (Cascade Poetry)
February 22, 2020
In pond there is no flow
Flow is in river
In ocean there it is so,
Flowless one is like pond
Every day they are same
In pond there is no flow,
River is a good source
River like there are many
Flow is in river,
I'm pond! River I should be,
Then let me be ocean
In ocean there it is so.Back when I was living in Florida, in West Palm Beach,
It was a difficult life for me to live in,
The jobs were a lot Buls#$%@T and my marriage to Jan was out of reach,
We struggled to make the mortgage payments,
-when Jan said,
“We have to go an interest only mortgage.”
Needless to say we did not,
-and we had to sell the house,
And Jan filed for divorce,
Jan said we can go our ways,
-our marriage is dead.
But in interim time I was job hunting,
And I was interviewed by Liberty Mortgage Company.
I, at the time was a smooth talker;
the work was on commission base only,
That when I was first associated with sub-prime loans,
Although I was not mortgage broker,
- my job was to get the salesperson in the house,
The salesperson would sell the contract for the mortgage,
The mortgage broker would finish the deal.
But it somehow did not seem real.
They told me that could pull 6 figures in a year’s time,
They told that the housing market wouldn’t cool off,
-everything would be sublime,
They were counting on people like Jan,
Who would borrow up to 120% THEIR HOMES VALUE!
To payoff high credit card debt that was the plan,
The interest only loan was 2/28 Mortgage,
The first two years was less money going out,
But the 25 month was shocker to most people,
Their homes lost value when housing market went awry,
The payments became so steep they cried to their mortgage holders,
The mortgage holders cried to the banks,
he banks cried to the Government.
HELP US!
But what has happened cannot be reversed that easily,
The Liberty Mortgage Company,
in Boca Raton,
is one a thousand companies,
That led people in to the abyss with their bubble,
Their bubble broke,
-and the people fought to get to the surface.
The Liberty Mortgage Company is still in business,
like a thousand other companies,
This reflection of this greed conspiracy,
Is still in the mirror of the stock exchange worldwide,
Like Dominoes, the markets crash into the abyss,
By the way, --I didn’t take the job.
It has been 8 months to the day,
That I wrote on this observation,
I wrote about the bearish market by the way,
In the observation about the Bear Stearns situation.
Many of the Wall Street companies are no more,
Their stock holders wiped out,
The Government is bailing out Freddy, Fannie, AIG,
If you’re going to rip off the system,
do it big,
For you are going to be so big that country will be devastated if you fail,
(By the way Lehman Brothers was bought by Barclay’s,
Merrill-Lynch will be bought out by Bank of America,
and Washington Mutual is for sale,
-I guess they weren’t as big as I thought)
This is going to the cost better than a trillion dollars or more,
This is the kind of legacy we leave for future generations?
We have our deficits in their lives,
Where our sins stored.
Not to mention the wars,
natural disasters such like Hurricanes Katrina and Ike,
Our future generations will be holding the mortgage on the mortgage brokers.
And if they fail who will bail out them?
The Savings and Loan disaster,
ENRON, what a bunch of thieving jokers,
The latest con was the mortgage brokers
- and Wall Street and the like.
The Wall Street Bail Out is under going pressure,
It’s not exactly what the Treasury Department had in mind,
The Feds took over WaMu and sold to JPMorgan Chase for pennies on the dollar,
The stock holders were greedy they were blind,
Bear Stearns and Washington Mutual,
like buying a $30,000 car for 300 or less,
But unfortunately the car wasn’t given road test.
Wachovia is being bought by CitiGroup Bank,
Before it’s over a few others will join the ranks,
The $700,000,000,000.00 bail out has to pass both houses yet a second they do not miss,
Because the fading
Domino chips are cascading; Into the abyss.
It was reported on the AP at 3: 10 EST that the Congress failed to pass the bill,
Stocks were plunging before this happened,
It took a lot of guts if you will,
The is closest we have come to The Great Depression.
The Dow took a plunge this afternoon,
The Asian markets will open up soon,
And the European Markets will open as time goes around the globe,
And tomorrow will be here before we know it,
The economy flashing a strobe,
Full of anxiety not bliss,
Worldly Domino Chips are cascading,
Into the Abyss.
The blaming starts, as my wife, Judy,
said we are to blame,
For Carpe Diem, the greed,
the wants,
the covetous nature,
Not saving money,
being entirely in debt and our savings are lame,
We should have been more mature.
The Bail Out has succeeded,
They were warning signs that went unheeded
The Government owns Wall Street,
So much for capitalism,
I would not dreamed that the observation SPQR would come to this,
Karl Marx is rolling in his grave, with laughter,
The father of Socialism and Communism.
Now the bill is signed but effective will it be,
It should fortify credit that is the theory,
The Commonwealth of Massachusetts is seeking the same deal as Wall Street,
The Kennedy Empire is no match against the Feds,
Common wealth equates to people’s assets,
American taxpayers money.
The job I didn’t take at Liberty Mutual is somehow directly responsible for this,
If it wasn’t so sad it would be kind of funny,
It’s kind of a mean trick,
The world waits as the hand unfolds,
it won’t be long.
Many ordinary people from Algiers to New Delhi have watched
Wall Street degenerates on TV as if it were a gruesome spectator sport,
its casualties limited to American homeowners and investment bankers.
But it is also taking a toll on lives less clearly linked to what's gone wrong.
The New World Order,
when gets a cold,
Everybody gets sick.
The bail out was ruled law,
it came and went,
But in the worldly stock markets-
In Asia, the Nikkei 225 closed 4.25 percent lower.
Europe's stock markets
also declined, with the FTSE-100 down 3.32 percent,
Germany's DAX down 5.72 percent,
and France's CAC-40 down 6.31 percent.
Banks across the globe are reacting with anxiety,
The economy is based on emotion rather than gold,
The economic prognosis is a study in psychiatry,
I hope the stocks are bought more than they are sold.
Who knows what tomorrow brings,
Maybe benelovence or malevolence lurking,
'The fact is people are scared and the only thing they're doing is selling, '
said Ryan Detrick, senior technical strategist at Schaeffer's Investment
Research.
'Investors are cleaning out portfolios and getting rid of everything
because nothing seems to be working.'
When will it end?
The Abyss, by definition, has no end,
A world moratorium is needed for trading stocks,
To stabilize the markets-with some luck.
The “bears” are running amuck,
A bank holiday is needed for the entire world economy,
This is fairy tale with non-intrinsic money,
That is based on emotion rather than based on Gold (ilocks) .
The stock market is being battered again,
This time to dropp is for GM,
General Motors Acceptance Corporation is in the dust,
Like so many cars made by GM they turned to rust.
GM has trouble selling cars,
Let alone bad mortgages,
They are about to get knocked out and see stars,
As their crumbling market falls apart.
The Dow took a plunge falling below 9,000.
To bad the economy has no such icon as “Restart.”
The Dow had has its worst since it began,
President Bush will be on TV later this morning,
To say our economy is strong for every American Woman or Man,
More manure from the White House,
We, the mushrooms, are kept in the dark.
What else does he have to offer?
He is a lame duck and has an approval rating, when graded, would be F,
Minus times 10.
20 top financial leaders met at White House to solve the world economic crisis,
More or less to get in the black, bring home the bacon,
Get the Home when run around the bases,
Officials from the Group of 20 countries — which include the wealthiest and the world's biggest developing nations such as China, Brazil and India — planned to attend a meeting Saturday evening that Paulson requested to explain the actions that U.S. and other wealthy nations have taken.
The Bush Administration is not entirely to blame,
A Couple people to name,
Senator Dodd and Representative Barney Frank, both Democrats,
Did head the legislative governing bodies as far as financial matters,
Dodd and Frank were sleeping in bed with mortgage bankers,
For shame they put blame, on the Republicans only,
And for shame Obama does not this foul in the political game.
Today that stock market rebounded,
Are we over the crash yet?
Before the closing bell sounded,
The confidence is almost there,
Paul Krugman, PhD. at Princeton in economics, won the Nobel Prize,
To him with much surprise,
He won it based formula of “free-trade” globalization.
He won within a week or the most turbulent times across the globe,
Most economies were stagnant if not dead.
“He has thereby integrated the previously disparate research fields of international trade and economic geography, ' it (the Nobel Academy)  said.
I did not to take his class to understand,
The movie “Wall Street” is the only class you have to take,
The house of cards is based upon greed,
The house of cards is based upon personal covetous aspirations,
The house of cards is based upon emotion rather than gold.
The house of cards is based upon fear.
The house of cards is based upon for people to part of an indentured slavery,
On earth, some of which the dark side bought when their souls were sold.
I may not have a Nobel Economics Prize,
I may not have pulled six figures,
Nor to that once was and will not be again-the one’s that would not be on “bucket list”,
And for “Dominoes” let’s play the game of 42, and our fears done in to the abyss.
(10-13-08)An orchestra of stars
cascades across night sky,
Cool wind ripples
dark sand,
Stirring salt smells,
Whisper waves wash
towards my feet.
Surrounded
by echo stillness.
I stand,
Seeing,
somehow sensing
all dimensions,
Connected and separate,
Alone edges and closeness,
Dissonant but in tune,
Breathless
with His breath
in my lungs,
Feeling the symphony
of stars - soul singing.
I stand,
profound awe,
Worship wells
deep within,
Overture begins
precious praise,
Harmonies to the beauty
beyond compare,
Soul crescendos;
Worshipping God's
Amazing
Precious love,
Worshipping
who God is.
We give glory!
matrixmoments.comI learned to work on Cascade Dairy—
on the ol' Carter Homestead
in Parkdale, Oregon—
On a farm that sat eleven miles
as the crow flies from
the base of Mount Hood—
The tallest mountain in the whole state—
The best place for a poet to begin an odyssey....The Cascade
February 20, 2020
I am mountain
Water falls on me
Clouds sat on me, too,
Clouds and rain fall
Frozen into ice
I am mountain,
Cascades fall from
Flow to downward
Water falls from me,
Channels, ponds, rivers
Are filled much flow
Clouds sat on me, too.Sitting on a rock, near a cascade
Reflections from the sun, on the waters parade
Cold, jet stream, falling from grace
Filling the lake, in this tranquil place
It rests my soul, to hear the sound
Of this flowing essence, caressing the ground
It runs endlessly, to enchant and entice
This cascade in the midst, and middle of paradise.
C.Vergara
11.30.2007I was walking down a Vermont road
to stretch my legs and blow off stress,
stone walls flanked the hard, brown dirt,
half-obscured by dead leaves and grass.
When a fast rustling caught my ear,
I turned my eyes left to see,
exploding over the rock wall
came a flustered, frantic turkey.
He sprinted hard on spindly legs,
and it noud gulps gasped for breath,
then crossed the road and disappeared,
the cause for it not revealed yet.
Then suddenly, from the same place,
a majestic buck leapt in,
blowing hard, half-exhausted,
but the stag kept up the sprint.
Had he sent the turkey running?
This I thought as he bounded clear,
then I asked what had spooked him,
started the running of this deer?
Just them a large, robust black bear
streaked hectically onto the ground,
I froze in fear at this bruin,
he must've weighed three hundred pounds!
But this bear didn't notice me,
he panted hard and was afraid,
followed the buck into the woods,
what could cause this panicked race?
Suddenly a sprinting hunter
dashed out onto the dirt road,
big rifle there in his hands,
a threat that smart animals know.
But he kept running, half-shaking,
giving me not even a glance,
what, I say, could put to flight
a fully grown, well-armed man?
Next, in a burst of braying,
came the hunter's big draft horse,
his shoulders taller than I stand,
weighing two thousand pounds of more.
He was sweating profusely,
charging on with a heavy gait,
taking off after the hunter,
into the woods to make his escape.
I stood stunned and wondered
what could this all be about?
Then scurrying onto the road
came a tiny, harmless mouse.
If sniffed a bit, then disappeared
underneath some dead, brown leaves.
Had this rodent triggered the horse,
and started this whole crazy scene?
I just rolled my eyes at it,
Then kept walking on my way,
to think that such a tiny thing
could cause such a strange cascade…I am a rose of Sharon, a lily of the valleys (Solomon’s songs of songs)
The fall of a cascade
The water in the depths of the spring of her heart had grown completely dry
Many would pass by in hope to taste these waters
But would abstain after they realized it was now dry
They often gathered among themselves
Trying to gather a conclusion
Her waters once produced chaste waters they’d say
So they asked: who dried up the cascade?
A sigh released as I replied:
One day a man in a mask wandered by her waters
Opening the dams of her heart
He entered and soiled what once was bountiful and pure
By the time the dams of her heart attempted to close, she realized they had been broken
Euphoria no longer greets her lips
Love’s rain no longer falls
Thus the cascade began to dry.
They looked on in bewilderment and pointing at the waters they replied:
But behold, her waters are slowing rising.
By Shannon HoganIn the Cascade Gardens at Broadbeach a South Queensland coastal Town
The fruit bats in their thousands roost hanging upside down
There must be twenty thousand and that is just a guess
And if you pressed me further i'd say there's more than less.
The fruit bats or flying foxes the name most know them by
Leave their roost in the evening when darkness cloak the sky
In search of fruit and wild figs they fly for miles around
And return before daybreak to their trees on roosting ground
The fruit bats on their roosting trees quite often disagree
And if one is evicted he fly to other tree
To rest near friendlier neighbour who will allow him space
In fruit bat pecking order each find their rightful place.
The fruit bats of Cascade Gardens dark wings and heads of brown
On trees along by the river roost hanging upside down
In search of fruit and wild figs they fly for miles around
And return before daybreak to their trees on roosting groundWhat is undone can't always be remade,
Deconstructed, wayward and discrete
Her myriad tangled beauties in a trophic cascade.
Soft tree voices on music daily played
Aeolian chants of wisdom replete,
What is undone can't always be remade.
Unearthed keystone to a doorway displayed
Wonder at a ruin and it's constructed feat,
Her myriad tangled beauties in a trophic cascade.
A land adjusts, but is lost and dismayed
Riches now vanquished and beat,
What is undone can't always be remade.
Restore the top predator, old villain portrayed
Repairing fabric long since incomplete,
Her myriad tangled beauties in a trophic cascade.
Nature waits impoverished, there is no crusade,
Deficiencies restored, sprints on ancient feet,
What is undone can't always be remade
Her myriad tangled beauties in a trophic cascade.
Danny Draper
20/6/2015My sweetheart you are a wonderful cascade
Your beauty makes entire surrounding glade
In hot summer burning sun you are like shade
In lovers reckoning you are of superior grade
My love is in trance as your beauty swayed
My soul takes to be cut with sharp blunt blade
Your glowing cheeks have launched just a raid
At peril of my life the eternal price I just paid
Like moon in stars your sweet beauty outstayed
With your beauty in my veins I have to renegade
My love is like a music and your beauty serenade
Your beauty is eternal but my love is just to fade
Col Muhammad Khalid Khan
Copyright 2016 Golden GlowYou do not have to beweep compunctionless souls of argument-induced hate, instead you can prompt yourself into a cascade of exuberant love and gaiety - Joshua Aaron GuilloryBut Time I Can't Manage - Catena Rondo
February 26, 2020
You offer much talk time
But time I can't manage
Having works huge
You offer much talk time,
I start from early morn
I have Wash first
Prayers follow it
I start from early morn,
I have some food
In short time
In very short time
I have some food,
Then I start working
Full duties wait for me
Enough responsibility
Then I start working,
When I get free
I see dead of night
I see all at sleep
When I get free,
You offer much talk time
But time I can't manage
Having works a huge
You offer much talk time.The sun does shine upon the reeds.
The lake glistens; a twinkling dance;
On the hills, we three entranced.
The sun does shine upon the reeds.
The lake glistens; a twinkling dance.
Under water breathes like air.
We dip our heels, submerged, we dare.
The lake glistens; a twinkling dance.
Under water breathes like air.
A silvery light consumes the sun.
Deeper down, search we as one.
Under water breathes like air.
A silvery light consumes the sun.
A cottage calls from another shore;
The dark inside, yawns from the door.
A silvery light consumes the sun.
A cottage calls from another shore.
Where is Seamus? We come poking-
Through the rafters smoke is choking.
A cottage calls from another shore.
Where is Seamus? We come poking-
Woman shrouds us with her stare
As she steps to here from there.
Where is Seamus? We come poking-
Woman shrouds us with her stare.
No words are spoken with her talk,
''Round the back, where shore meets loch.'
Woman shrouds us with her stare.
No words are spoken with her talk.
Through the door, again we flow.
Did she expect us? Did she know?
No words are spoken with her talk.
Through the door, again we flow;
On the rock, the old man spies.
His bearded portal not surprised,
Through the door, again we flow.
On the rock, the old man spies.
We blink for morsels from the deep-
He sweeps his hand without a peep.
On the rock the old man spies.
We blink for morsels from the deep-
'To that boat on yonder moor,
There we stand at vision's door.'
We blink for morsels from the deep-
To that boat on yonder moor,
There's a gift for us in hand;
A gift from him to our three hearts and
To that boat on yonder moor.
There's a gift for us in hand;
Rope with no start and no result;
As round as sunshine, without fault.
There's a gift for us in hand.
Rope with no start and no result.
We equal four, we grasp this ring-
A round abyss between us clings.
Rope with no start and no result.
We equal four, we grasp this ring.
The boat's adrift with vaporous girth;
We see below another earth!
We equal four, we grasp this ring.
The boat's adrift with vaporous girth.
What's this? So misty through the dream-
We fly above this patchwork scheme!
The boat's adrift with vaporous girth.
What's this? So misty through the dream.
The sky below with clouds and hence
What's up is down. It makes no sense!
What's this? So misty through the dream.
The sky below with clouds and hence
The old man smiles, three more mixed up!
This, perhaps, may be enough!
The sky below with clouds and hence
The old man smiles, three more mixed up.
At water's edge we dock and then
Our time with him is at an end.
The old man smiles, three more mixed up.
At water's edge, we dock and then
We three stretch legs upon the lands,
Back up the hills to familiar stands.
At water's edge, we dock and then
We three stretch legs upon the lands.
The sun is shining on the reeds.
Up through the silvery lake of seeds
We three stretch legs upon the lands.
The sun does shine upon the reeds.
The lake glistens; a twinkling dance;
On the hills, we three entranced.
The sun does shine upon the reeds.When clouds cry it's not because they're sad
Rather it is because they are content
That most lovers have the right intent
When clouds cry it's not because they're sad
Rather it is because they are content
When clouds cry it's not because they're sad
Seeing lovers they realise things aren't bad
Rather it is because they are content
When clouds cry it's not because they're sad
Rather it is because they are content
That most lovers have the right intent
When clouds cry it's not because they're sad
by: Ryter RoethicleContribution Of Trees - Catena Rondo
February 27, 2020
The trees give much, more
Flower and fruit
Leaf and Wood
The trees give much, more;
Oxygen they breathe out
Elements for survival
On that live animals
Oxygen they breathe out,
They are causes of rain
More trees where
Much rain there
They are causes of rain,
The trees give much, more
Flower and fruit
Leaf and Wood
The trees give much, more.Doctor And Medicine - Catena Rondo
February 27, 2020
Take proper medicine and try to be cured
You are sick
You are weak
Take proper medicine and try to be cured,
Nowadays chemical is used everywhere
In food, in drink
In weapons, in link
Nowadays chemical is used everywhere,
Again a numbers of medicines are so fake
Can not cure disease
But worsen disease
Again a numbers of medicines are so fake,
The doctors prescribe wrong medicines
Having some bribe
Having some prize
The doctors prescribe wrong medicines,
Again doctors can't diagnose diseases
Prescribe wrong medicines
But take so much fees
Again doctors can't diagnose diseases,
Take proper medicine and try to be cured
You are sick
You are weak
Take proper medicine and try to be cured.Every Day - Catena Rondo
February 26, 2020
Every day I need eat
I do work
I do walk
Every day I need eat,
Every day I need sleep
For some hours
For body restores
Every day I need sleep,
Without eating I can't live
Without working can't be fit
Without walking can't be fit
Without eating I can't live,
I live in society
Every day I meet
Every day I chat
I live in society,
I live in county
Every day I do duty
Have much responsibility
I live in county,
Every day I need eat
I do work
I do walk
Every day I need eat.Far too many enemies were coffined in
battle tanks, armoured cars shot out
and in the roar I could not hear myself shout;
far too many enemies were coffined in
battle tanks, armoured cars shot out,
far too many enemies were coffined in
the endless din, in walls of steel and tin;
battle tanks, armoured cars shot out.
Far too many enemies were coffined in
battle tanks, armoured cars shot out
and in the roar I could not hear myself shout;
far too many enemies were coffined in.Home - Catena Rondo
February 25, 2020
The home sick one
Gets no pleasures
Loses lots features
The home sick one,
Every way to that
Narrate home song
Distance is no long
Every way to that,
Home offers pleasure
Much independence
Much reverence
Home offers pleasure,
The home sick one
Gets no pleasures
Loses lots features
The home sick one.How To Do - Catena Rondo
February 25, 2020
To do is a matter
So many can do
Again many undo
To do is a matter,
Lessons needs first
Skills come then
Time will come when
Lessons needs first
Knowledge will help
Skills are techniques
Manner also does
Knowledge will help
To do is a matter
So many can do
Again many undo
To do is a matter.I had been to this sea sometime before
where water stretch out beyond from the bay,
it had been on a tranquil summer day,
I had been to this sea sometime before
where water stretch out beyond from the bay,
the surge swells before it crushing breaks
while a tiny boat rocks upon the wake
where water stretch out beyond from the bay,
the surge swells before it crushing breaks
with some shells and sand swept out everywhere
before deeper in the water we both dare,
the surge swells before it crushing breaks
with some shells and sand swept out everywhere
while you smile in a way that I adore
we hear the thundering on a distant shore
with some shells and sand swept out everywhere
while you smile in a way that I adore,
we both swim through the crashing pull and flow
trying to find a way back, a way to go,
while you smile in a way that I adore
we both swim through the crashing pull and flow
it feels if our world is suddenly gone
while still together we do struggle on
we both swim through the crashing pull and flow
it feels if our world is suddenly gone
while we do see only the sky and sea,
we are trying to get back, to be free,
it feels if our world is suddenly gone
while we do see only the sky and sea,
we are blinded by a distant kind of sun,
hear the engine of a fishing boat run
while we do see only the sky and sea,
we are blinded by a distant kind of sun,
as an unknown, sheltering bay we reach,
as we both stagger out upon a beach
we are blinded by a distant kind of sun,
as an unknown, sheltering bay we reach,
we embrace and you stroke my hair gently;
a rich boat owner looks at you, smiles at me,
as an unknown, sheltering bay we reach,
we embrace and you stroke my hair gently,
we ride on a boat that rocks up and down,
but still we are in a world our very own
we embrace and you stroke my hair gently
we ride on a boat that rocks up and down,
I had been to this sea sometime before,
while we kiss each other and kiss some more;
we ride on a boat that rocks up and down,
I had been to this sea sometime before
where water stretch out beyond from the bay,
it had been on a tranquil summer day;
I had been to this sea sometime before.I thank God for the infinite blue sky,
for every day that is truly amazing,
for tiny birds fluttering on a wing,
I thank God for the infinite blue sky,
for every day that is truly amazing
for living on this big old mother earth
where every day is to something a birth,
for every day that is truly amazing
for living on this big old mother earth,
for existing here and merely being
in times of winter and during the spring,
for living on this big old mother earth
for existing here and merely being
I thank God for the infinite blue sky
for the look of care and love in your eye,
for existing here and merely being,
I thank God for the infinite blue sky,
for every day that is truly amazing,
for tiny birds fluttering on a wing,
I thank God for the infinite blue sky.There was some rain earlier in this dark night,
outside rockets again do whoosh and thump
in through the open window the cat jumps,
there was some rain earlier in this dark night;
outside rockets continually whoosh and thump,
crackers go bam, bam, ka-boom and ka-boom
dogs bark in fear, howl hysteric outside my room
outside rockets continually whoosh and thump,
crackers go bam, bam, ka-boom and ka-boom
and it is old year’s day that’s almost gone
while the brand New Year is now rushing on,
crackers go bam, bam, ka-boom and ka-boom
and it is old year’s day that’s almost gone
at half-past eleven the neighbours celebrate
a new message my cell-phone indicate
and it is old year’s day that’s almost gone,
at half-past eleven the neighbours celebrate
while they jollily loudly dance and sing
and with their music my ears do ring
at half-past eleven the neighbours celebrate
while they jollily loudly dance and sing
as if the New Year does hold something great
and not a moment longer they can wait,
while they jollily loudly dance and sing
as if the New Year does hold something great;
very later things quiet somewhat down
and in sleep I am coming to my own,
as if the New Year does hold something great
very later things quiet somewhat down
until at three a car hoots across the street
as if it wants the neighbourhood to meet,
very later things quiet somewhat down
until at three a car hoots across the street,
as if all my resolutions and patience to test,
the dogs, the cat and I get some rest
until at three a car hoots across the street,
as if all my resolutions and patience to test
before a thunderbolt crashes electric blue,
blazing at my eyes with its terrible white hue
as if all my resolutions and patience to test,
before a thunderbolt crashes electric blue
there was some rain earlier in this dark night,
people laugh at the car’s bright lights
before a thunderbolt crashes electric blue;
there was some rain earlier in this dark night,
outside rockets again do whoosh and thump,
in through the open window the cat jumps,
there was some rain earlier in this dark night.Love is something that you cannot remove
quite suddenly you know, she knows it too
it is in everything that you say and do,
love is something that you cannot remove
quite suddenly you know, she knows it too,
it is the very quaintest kind of thing
that to you both is suddenly happening
quite suddenly you know, she knows it too,
it is the very quaintest kind of thing
when sense and sensibility brings
to your actions, thoughts and your feelings wings
it is the very quaintest kind of thing
when sense and sensibility brings
a secret understanding that is true,
sincerity that encompass both of you
when sense and sensibility brings
a secret understanding that is true,
when a look carries a message to both
that goes much further than any oath
a secret understanding that is true,
when a look carries a message to both
when the body reacts to a single touch
when pre-comprehension says very much
when a look carries a message to both
when the body reacts to a single touch
when life seems so much greater than it is,
when mere company is full of much bliss
when the body reacts to a single touch,
when life seems so much greater than it is,
when a bond develops around the divine,
selfless you loose the own me and mine
when life seems so much greater than it is,
when a bond develops around the divine
where although separate, you become one,
without each other hardly want to live on
when a bond develops around the divine
where although separate, you become one;
love is something that you cannot remove,
to each other you do not have to prove
where although separate, you become one,
love is something that you cannot remove
quite suddenly you know, she knows it too
it is in everything that you say and do,
love is something that you cannot remove.(after Roy Campbell)
They praise there own elitist workmanship
then write a poem over and over again
until only their tinkered out words remain,
they praise there own elitist workmanship
then write a poem over and over again,
struggle along for more than sixty times,
abandon all love and poetics that rhymes,
then write a poem over and over again
struggle along for more than sixty times,
they despise a poet whose words do flow
while they struggle to complete every row,
struggle along for more than sixty times
they despise a poet whose words do flow
says that he types faster than they can write
does not even know the very day from night;
they despise a poet whose words do flow
says that he types faster than they can write
while the very words of other poets they copy,
are sheltered, from the rest of humanity,
says that he types faster than they can write
while the very words of other poets they copy,
they are fishes swimming in the tiniest pond,
are scared of the great world lying beyond;
while the very words of other poets they copy
they are fishes swimming in the tiniest pond,
their work is without any kind of profundity
and sometimes on them I have a kind of pity,
they are fishes swimming in the tiniest pond,
their work is without any kind of profundity,
they praise there own elitist workmanship,
they want others them as gods to worship,
their work is without any kind of profundity,
they praise there own elitist workmanship
then write a poem over and over again
until only their tinkered out words remain,
they praise there own elitist workmanship.
[References: “On some South African novelists” and “On the same” by Roy Campbell.]Some flowers rise up bright from tiny seeds,
blooms appear with heads searching for the sun;
on this earth so it's been since time begun,
some flowers rise up bright from tiny seeds,
blooms appear with heads searching for the sun
they rejoice over a day that is new
are fresh with the glistening morning dew;
blooms appear with heads searching for the sun
they rejoice over a day that is new
as bees and butterflies flutter along
birds do sing the happiest kind of song
they rejoice over a day that is new,
as bees and butterflies flutter along
wild deer graze at the soft tender green grass
while they in massive herds do slowly pass
as bees and butterflies flutter along
wild deer graze at the soft tender green grass
some flowers rise up bright from tiny seeds
grow to strength in a world full of big weeds,
wild deer graze at the soft tender green grass,
some flowers rise up bright from tiny seeds,
blooms appear with heads searching for the sun;
on this earth so it's been since time begun,
some flowers rise up bright from tiny seeds.Self Help - Catena Rondo
February 25, 2020
Learning
Self
Help
Learn ing,
RARe
Stanza
Pizza
RARe,
Write
Do
Go
Write,
Learning
Self
Help
Learning.The Consequences Of Corruption - Catena Rondo
February 27, 2020
Fake seeds and fake fertilizers
How will crops be good?
How will be enough food?
Fake seeds and fake fertilizers;
Fake doctors and fake medicines
How will diseases be cured?
How the nation will be fit!
Fake doctors and fake medicines,
Billowy sea and unskilled captain
How will the ship reach shore?
How the nation will pass fear!
Billowy sea and unskilled captain,
Human are earthly oriented
Tendency is to make money
To be merely excited! Funny!
Human are earthly oriented,
Fake seeds and fake fertilizers
How will crops be good?
How will be enough food?
Fake seeds and fake fertilizers.Two Things - Catena Rondo
February 26, 2020
Two things
Name
Fame
Two things,
Call you
Name
Fame
Call you,
Prompt you
Name
Fame
Prompt you,
To commit bad
Name
Fame
To commit bad,
Also to do good
Name
Fame
Also to do good,
Two things
Name
Fame
Two things.From the Orange Free State to the Transvaal
farms and towns burn,
from concentration camps women, children,
do not return,
up in the hillocks European farmers fight;
not taciturn
Emily Hobhouse does expose some ills,
many innocents the British do kill.
Hard driven men who read the word of God
fight very brave,
hear the British sing their God save their Queen;
they cannot save
some twenty thousand women and children,
but they do crave
for freedom and for a place of their own,
are forced to swear loyal to the crown.
After that bitter war they have to sing
'God save the queen, '
return to decimated farms and towns,
their pain unseen,
impoverished they make a living,
for peace are keen;
to today their kinsmen do not forget,
in God's record His punishment is set.Alone he watches the water ripple,
without movement
he waits with the line going in quite deep,
in a moment
the muddy water stirs in little circles,
tense enjoyment
goes through the boy as line sings, starts running,
he jerks the rod, the fish jumps, it's stunning
with its golden silver scales glittering,
it dips under
and the fight is on as it twists and turns,
quick like thunder
again it jumps and twists back to escape,
without blunder
the boy reels in, still better hooking it,
over the river fighting bit by bit.Rich or poor in life, have this in common:
all turn to dust.
For the grave is the destiny of men
and die we must.
No one lives forever, that is the truth
that's firmly set
Wealth, fame, and health we cannot take with us
when we meet Death.
The proud are silenced and soon forgotten,
embraced by earth.
The good repaid with the joy of heaven's
eternal worth.
A man's life is like mist that's here today.
In death he is dust that winds blow away.
Copyright © Cynthia Buhain-Baello~~~03.12.19Not the loss of men, machines or a country
to destiny,
or the farewell of you to whom I long,
or to be free
from the ravages of a unwanted war,
always holds me
like the beauty of the last summer spent;
the deep feelings for you do not relent
as I long for a new dawn without pain
or any fear
while the future now looks very grim
and guns I hear
sending messages of their deadly flame,
nothing is clear
and although we do constantly just win,
the shattering of my soul did begin.
While bullets, rockets and shells do whistle past
your face, our love,
is out of my mind, as like a machine
I act above
the mere decency of being human,
while I do move
from one sheltering onto the next one,
all other thoughts but survival are gone
but still so intense you remain with me,
that I do dream
of your countenance, I see your face;
in clouds like steam
the wounded do for God, each other or
their mothers scream
with the smell of burnt flesh everywhere,
the pain of dying is constantly here.
[Reference:  'Two Poems from the War' by Archibald MacLeish.]We are puzzled, sometimes we are stunned,
in the sheer face
of beauty; loveliness catches the eye,
with a pure grace,
enigmatic we view morning-glories,
things commonplace
like the blue sky on a clear open day
are serene in the view that they portray.
Sometimes the sea plays its optical tricks
in on the mind,
as if changing its feelings with its hue;
daily we find
azure, cobalt blue, green and grey colours
that does remind
of times of happiness, of joy and pain;
too absolute some colours do remain.
If we get too close perspective is lost,
yet we still know
the true shape and colouring of a thing,
or a inner glow,
a white shimmering brings a universe
the eyes do show
that does not exist in our true sight,
sometimes brings to darkness another light.The oak size avocado tree had fruit
during the spring
and into summer, like small pineapples,
with some dropping
to the earth, bursting like hand grenades,
I was picking
from a ladder set on the cobble stones,
dropping down to mother the greater ones.
The two dogs had their fill from those broken,
the roof was struck
while some were falling down like rocks at night,
by some great luck
they just missed the neighbour's nearby car,
more I did pluck
for the neighbours, friends and the family
and they all tasted butter-sweet to me.
At the plum tree the birds were twittering,
the long ladder
swayed under me on the moist soft ground,
I did gather
buckets and boxes full, was startled
by a adder
that was green and hissed in the large tree
and I dropped down to the ground to be free.
The vineyard was full of Catawba grapes,
with their sweet scent,
their essence, filling the summer air,
evanescent
was the summer, but mother was happy,
she did present
to the ladies at church some baskets full,
while I met a girl that is beautiful.She thought: He truly cares for me, saw eyes
full of worry,
while the affairs of state weighed him down;
like a lorry
his frame was broad; he could take all the strain,
she was sorry
for him, helped him wherever she could,
only acted like a first lady should.
Far too selfless she loved him, in his shade
she spent her life,
walked the streets to win him some voters,
in times of strive
she supported, caressed, was with him,
she was alive
in his presence, was proud of his career,
she wanted always to him to be near
but a dark day came that every headline
told about him
and his lovely, lively, foreign mistress;
her life was dim
while he rode the wave of self-centred fame;
over the brim
her tears, her sorrow, suffering did flow;
but he was not the great man she did know.Against the great power of destiny
I can only
give my heart, all of myself as comfort
and all of me
with true love set against the angry blast,
no property
I have to give as some great sheltering
against the evil wind that hiss and sting.
© Gert Strydomlet us this night
in a certain kind of fidelity
find our delight,
act as if we both are truly godly,
as without fright
our dear love could outlast everything
as in it we could be ever living.Although you think that I am different
you know the things
I do love and hate and do relate to
happy tidings,
in your selfless love, to my greatest dreams,
you give some wings,
you love to walk with me on wet rainy days
and know me in some very special ways.As a pretty butterfly that flutters
along she came,
rapidly always running up and down;
nothing could tame
that childish sweet happy rushing spirit;
her lovely name
is not heard anymore as she is gone,
from life into death she has moved on.
Some soothing summer sunshine must be lost,
she does not pass,
no small shadow falls or lingers at times;
outside the grass
is quite soft where her small feet once did tread,
like clear bright glass
the sky is clear without a single fleck;
from her I cannot my sad thoughts direct.Perhaps because Pain stayed rather too long
it made me numb.
I've faced it so often that to coldness
now I succumbed.
Strange how the constancy of tears may seem
like rain falling.
And it's true the heart gets used to it,
always breaking.
Happiness looks far like the distant sun,
no longer warm.
I go on blind and deaf to love for it
has lost its charm.
The heart can only take so much and learns.
Some find true love, some don't, and some get burned.(dedicated to Mr. Michael Franks, a great Jazz singer)
short
song
simple
character
the tone
instrument
melodious
spontaneous
romance
elegance
ene rgetic
magnetic
great sorrow
a timeless love
strong emotions
the great emotional
dramatic effects
a very virtuosic one
embellished variations
overwhelming happiness
finally united for good
celebrates new-found love
moved by the plight of the lovers
appears singing the joyful stanzas
(inspired by Edgar Degas' The Singer with the Glove)'All things end, '
And I knew that from the start,
Now I need to say it
To a very stubborn heart.
She refuses to believe,
She refuses to see,
That the pain inside will vanish,
Once I set you free.
There are no misgivings, dearest,
I could not have loved you more,
So in tenderness, I bid you
'Addio, senza rancore.'Conceived in a world of sin and pain
by divine grace
I am from all my iniquity free,
as without trace
you take all of my own sins far away.
Your Godly face
like a father delights in all my ways
as you bring gladness to all of my days.
©  Gert StrydomContinually surges break on the shore
by design, not chance,
as if it is written by Godly wit.
In every glance
the beauty of nature does overflow.
In a balance
the laws of nature are set exactly,
while continually chaos wants to break free.Somewhat solitary some flowers grew in
a little knot,
looking gay and they were ever changing,
I found a lot,
they did toss, did in the stormy wind reel
where other sorts rot,
they grew to a kind of sheer perfection,
glorious waving in each direction.Close to the waterside were daffodils,
hidden by trees,
some of their seeds might have been blown ashore
by the strong breeze,
but many more appeared suddenly
they did not freeze,
blossomed in the icy winter snow
and among the mossy stones they did glow.I am grieved at that what you did do,
amiss our love
have been trampled into the very mud,
as to remove
that which had close bonded the two of us;
I disapprove,
calling upon all that is still holy,
as you are treating me very lowly.Early I viewed the morning's new birth,
the eastern sky
was aflame while I walked on a path
that wounded by
a small copse, some hillocks and a field,
up birds did fly,
pheasants and guinea-fowl screeched protest
while in nature I was extremely blest.Forever in and out the waves roll on,
poplars quiver
as the breeze time and again rushes through them,
the small river
is slowly flowing twisting to the sea
birds deliver
worms, seed and fruit chirping to new hatchlings,
cheerful they sing and fly and slap their wings.
It feels as if all the time in the world
we still have got
when you give me a small token as a
forget-me-not;
time suddenly gets wings and I love you
more than a lot;
the sun rises and again it does descend
while all of life feels as it has no end.God gives us life and what we do with it
is up to us,
we can turn it into a wretched thing
and obvious
live some shattered lives or it can be
quite prodigious
while in love, hope and trust we go along,
living as we must life can be a song.In three years or four, holy beliefs are slain,
He did not make
either man or the earth, Charles Darwin's
theory does take
centre stage at great universities,
nonsense do rake
as mere myth the Bible into the ground,
learned men sound to themselves profound;
like gods they toss and play with all their students,
as memories
of God and His great things they cause to dwindle;
flowers and bees
as lust become simple chemical yearning,
they teach duties,
to be like gods in self actualization;
they destroy God and his creation
while magic things like the force of life
stays beyond science,
while man is bound to facts and to his own
experience,
cannot measure to an almighty being;
with patience
God and His character of love remains,
mere man struggle on in his life of pains
while still is lingering the truths of youth,
love is beyond
the bounds of man's mere own observations,
the simple bond
to survive on earth, bound by time and space,
does correspond
with a higher intelligent being
whose selfless power sustains everything.
[Reference: "Baccalaureate" by Archibald Macleish.]Quite indolent somewhat like purple orchids;
a rich fragrance
comes as they do a nice fruity scent spill;
they draw a glance
as they hang jointed, course and delicate,
like a romance
that comes with a sudden kind of whiff
changing to certainty from just an if.(after Elizabeth Barrett Browning)
In every day’s longing, in the sheer need
of how life is,
when feelings are totally out of sight,
in each sweet kiss,
in my childish kind of lingering faith,
you bring me bliss
and to the depths of my soul I love you
in everything that is good, noble and true.
[Reference: “How Do I Love Thee? ” by Elizabeth Barrett Browning.]How joyfully surprised you made me
on a week day
as tears of happiness did spill and something
strange was at play
when quite suddenly your words and actions did
your thoughts betray
as if you have seen me in a new light,
that day was far past lovely, sunny and brightHow will I daily look upon God's face,
while I do sin
and still daily continually do fall?
When I begin
each day with a prayer, inside my heart
His love is in,
while He daily makes my life again new,
much more pure than all of the morning dewI am really blessed by her presence,
my truest love
brings the most intense feelings that nothing
can quench, remove,
she has been prepared, designed for me,
by God above
and while we are constantly together
she is dear and I cannot forget her.
© Gert Strydom(after Emily Dickinson)
I did not seek death but she came along,
was visiting
in passing looked at me wearily;
I was shooting,
she was a entrancing, lewd, lascivious
kind of being;
who really did love destruction and war,
she promised to visit me once more.
She said that all of her kisses and bliss
would transport me
into a unknown distant restful place,
eternity
was one of her many vague promises,
from her grasp free
grenades, rockets, shells detonated
while still in vain, with longing, she waited.
["Because I Could Not Stop for Death" by Emily Dickinson.]I do not pity that darkness do come
at end of day,
nor flowers fading at the end of spring,
are swept away
by the coming of the new summer fruit,
loose you I may
with the summer sun in every kiss
when no other love could be just like this.I saw her glance into the glass mirror,
she was smiling
and our love seemed very great and such
a simple clear thing;
life at times brought many heartaches and pain;
- this was living -
and if any day could be just like this,
then even bad days would be utter bliss.
© Gert StrydomI wonder if all men long for a girl
who has some stay,
acts at time as a harpy, whore and mate;
as she portray
a woman of utmost consequence,
every day
an angel in her own beauty and wit,
and truly blessed is she that has it.In a vision once I saw a pretty damsel
as she did sing
with the purest mezzo-soprano voice
before the King,
while a multitude of holy angels
were listening
and there was divine magic in the air,
selfless love and tenderness in God's stare;
in utter holy dread, the living and dead
had been changed,
were in accompaniment rejoicing;
voices rearranged
they sang the song of Moses and the Lamb,
great and estranged,
that moment did feel as of the purest bliss,
nothing I had experienced as this.In all of heaven and on earth no one
can challenge
Your vast dominion, there's no other God,
in radiance
Your pure love outstrips any other being;
in deviance
mere men disregards Your great existence
Your endless, selfless love they do not sense.In never ending skill is manifest
God's supreme will,
He plants the brightest flowers in the dale
and on the hill,
is present in my happiness and when
I feel quite ill,
in His love I have a firm confidence;
daily I experience His providence.In the depths of a grim winter when life
felt desolate
there was a fluttering, a twittering
at the front gate
when chilly the wind rocked the big trees.
I could not wait
to go to look and see what made that sound
and a little redbreast sang to all around.In the depths of a grim winter when life
felt desolate
there was a fluttering, a twittering
at the front gate
when chilly the wind rocked the big trees;
I could not wait
to go to look and see what made that sound
and a little weaver sang to all around.In the prime office in that African city
people did pray,
brought their nation to the almighty God;
now on each day
the utmost citizen only heads on,
do as he may
while the walls of the new Jericho shakes
and in many small pieces the country breaks.
©  Gert StrydomIn times of some great kind of solitude,
the veldt, the bush,
catches me in living great memories,
a tranquil hush
brings back a new kind of awakening,
in does then rush
the trees, birds, bees and many wild flowers,
like some thundering life bearing showers.You can tell that power oozes out of him,
that this office
is a battleground of victorious meetings,
like a orifice
that issues blue-thunder his mouth opens;
a sacrifice
as a lamb to the slaughter I am led,
that some of the howling wolves can be fed.Just touching your hand is overwhelming,
blazing passion
runs through us both like an electric stream,
the sheer emotion
have depths that to us are always unknown
with affection
that goes far beyond any boundaries set
blazing from the very day that we met.(after Sir Thomas Mallory)
With his breastplate shattered he limped
among the dead,
all of his heroic friends were now gone,
around him spread
lay good, great, honest men, the very best,
and up ahead
swords clattered, the sun shone as always,
but he only saw its fading dying rays,
yet to some men King Arthur is not dead
and rise he will
by the great power of Jesus they say,
Arthur lives still
in their hearts as the once and future king
to from great ill
rid the world, I will only further say
that Arthur was a great man in his day.
[References: 'Le morte d'Arthur' by Sir Thomas Mallory. 'But many men say there is written upon his tomb this verse: HIC IACET ARTHURUS, REX QUONDUM REXQUE FUTURUS 'Here lies Arthur, the once and future king.'' From 'Le morte d'Arthur' by Sir Thomas Mallory.]Long before becoming substance, Your love
protected me,
You already knew all the many things
that I would be;
beyond the understanding of mere man
serenity,
the greatest glory envelopes You,
while constantly to me You do stay true.Long before my birth, my father walked,
talked with You
and before being substance You knew
all that I would do,
nothing escapes You.You are everywhere,
You do stay true
when all around me my world falls apart,
You do still live in the depths of my heart.
© Gert StrydomLong before my birth, my father walked,
talked with you
and before being substance you knew
all that I would do;
nothing escapes You, You are everywhere,
You do stay true
when all around me my world falls apart,
You do still live in the depths of my heartLord, never might I truly understand,
that God and man
You are both, but Your divine selfless love
does widely span
through all my thoughts, through all what I do see,
Your Godly plan
brings to my greatest iniquities grace
and I long to see Your loving kind face.Love comes to me both selfishly and selfless;
every thought
has something happy, a own purity
silently brought
by your very presence, a essence
that's heartfelt sought,
up to the very heights you do me raise,
with all the unspoken words of your gaze(after George Meredith)
Having rebelled against the divine,
the evil fiend
grows wary of his dreary dominion,
without a friend
in strive against reasonable nature;
seeing his end,
for lingering moments he is in awe
of beings following God's righteous law.
Love, loving, procreation and order
is beyond him,
as time passes on, his future looks
constantly dim;
he longs to be back among the bright stars,
both his eyes swim
but his mind stays set to have this earth,
for a moment he smiles in utter mirth.
Above his head planets and stars shine bright,
it is darkness
that still surrounds him while he is unseen,
his godliness,
his power, still is in his ragged mind,
in his madness
he does know that against God he can win,
earth has to become a place of endless sin.
[Reference: "Lucifer in Starlight" by George Meredith.]Overpowering the machine mowed
with its roaring
stifling all other kinds of garden sounds,
the nylon string
of the edge cutter frayed at times
and approaching
a butterfly fluttered about
in silence, far away was a child's shout.
Wild doves and sparrows pecked small insects
on the green lawn,
orange hoopoes were fluttering about
while some did fawn
where I had laboured lonely hours
after first dawn,
extremely bright shone the white hot sun,
on another summer day full of great fun.(after Archibald MacLeish)
She does not worry about why things are;
that they exist
to be contemplated or observed,
how they persist,
is far enough for her own simple reasoning,
she does resist
their reason, in rote produces answers,
perfect to devotions of her followers.
She thinks she knows where all things do come from,
far beyond her
kind of scope is metaphysics, physical
she does gather,
she is protected in her own dungeon,
nothing further
she knows about love, joy, fear and sorrow,
as she proclaims things for each tomorrow.
Beyond the stars, the sheer utter darkness,
shines a true light,
beyond the unknown, beyond a ocean,
out of her sight
are things like life to which He answers know,
to her its night
to comprehend the very soul of man,
as mechanical she does what she can.
[Reference:  "Dr. Sigmund Freud Discovers the Sea Shell" by Archibald MacLeish.]His thoughts went back to how it once had been,
to the last kiss,
a kind of mockery in her laughter
to times of bliss,
then to the final deceit with a friend
and then now this:
her language and body did her deeds vouch,
her arm hairs did rise at his very touch.
Pain had brought senselessness it was too much,
madness some say,
he then doubted if she had loved him,
a step away
some dazing heights brought him to no return,
a judgement day,
at the very edge he was lingering
as if still waiting there for something.Under the summer sun's harsh glare I hoed
and I weeded,
to and fro I planted the seed in rows,
flowers I needed
to like their mother grow almost waist high
but unheeded
of all my efforts not a single one
appeared as the soil turned to stone.
Some more seeds I harvested from dried buds
as spring came on,
some the weavers might as their food devour,
they may be gone
with the whispering churning rampant wind
but some alone
would burst through the earth, would no season mar,
like blazing flaming yellow and red stars.Playing Mig roulette, along we would drive
without cover,
listening for reports from commandos
then pull over,
to hide under trees and camouflage nets,
then recover;
after the futile enemy bombing
again armoured cars would be driving.
[Poet's note:  Mig here refers to Mig-21 and Mig-23 fighter bombers flown by the enemy Cuban / FAPLA air-force.]Long before I had experienced strive,
a force unknown
when I was young in life took my own thoughts,
suddenly grown;
not from sin or a search of fame it came
in words full blown
as a constant companion in my life,
more cruel and dear to me than any wife.Red they bloom as if coals from flaming hell,
they do glitter,
are shivering in the slight wind, I do
sometimes titter
at their emblazing beauty, while bees buzz,
birds do twitter;
God must have made them to be so lovely,
they awake feelings of longing in me.Words spoken in thoughts silently or loud
do travel beyond
the hemisphere, space, to the Lord of grace;
there is a bond
that is unseen, that's between man and God,
that corresponds
in conversations with a Godly being
while all other things fall somewhere in-between.(after William Blake)
I walk the street, impoverished people
do catch my eye,
marks of hardship and woe are on their faces,
whores wander by,
(some once decent women forced to sin) ,
a baby's cry
sounds very helpless and I have pity,
there is some great heartache that I see.
[Reference: 'London' by William Blake.]As soldiers we have smelt the scorching flames
of man made hell,
witnesses to the effects of exploding
shell upon shell,
know the destruction that man can bring
only too well,
have stories to tell of a kind of hate,
when mere boys are thrown to the care of fate.
[Reference: "Proof" by Czeslaw Milosz.](after Randall Jarrell)
From my mere childhood I was called-up
to the army,
found myself in walls of armoured steel;
the enemy
roared in with Russian battle tanks,
never free
from projectiles that were exploding,
life was a very rude awakening.
[Reference:  "The death of the Ball Turret Gunner" by Randall Jarrell.](after Elizabeth Bishop)
The leaping spray that roar, the swishing fling
of surf and sand,
plays in and out as waves rush to and thro;
where it does stand
while searching for something on tiny legs;
it understands
the roaring toss, a world of surf and foam,
while rushing on the wet beach it does roam.
[Reference: 'Sandpiper' by Elizabeth Bishop.]The eyes of my love shines like the sun,
summer fades,
in the presence of her most lovely smile,
autumn shades
against the colour of her vibrant hair,
spring degrades
against her charm and personality
and vivid she stays lingering with me.Suddenly awakening from a dream
in love we were
and you like lovely Snow-white were smiling
while here and there
the most beautiful flowers blossomed
while everywhere
life seemed like the most abundant spring
and I more of a frog than prince charming.Sprouting like strings of purple morning glories
our love grows wild;
with vines reaching, stretching, opening;
like a small child
believing in the magic of the light,
with nothing mild
funnels reach flaring blossoms to the sun
while all kinds of barriers are overrun.At times the thought that You know me too well
does unnerve me
as I do not constantly think about
love, charity;
the good and great things does at times elude
my thoughts, frankly
I am at times full of the vilest sin
and still in my life You do enter in.(after Robert Frost)
In passing the nearby snow filled great woods
and icy lake,
the sheer loveliness caught the rider’s eye;
a halting break
that lingers too long could bring freezing death,
a spell in each flake
brought tiredness, but the horse moved on,
breaking that old spell, its magic was gone.
[Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening.](after Matthew Arnold)
The sea lies flat like a huge lake tonight
but for the spray
that is endlessly sweeping in and out
on the white bay,
some couples walk on the beach
on holiday;
holding their hands under a yellow moon,
some bright beacons and stars will be out soon.
In the distance Table Mountain rises
its huge old bulk,
is gigantic black and flat against the sky
like a ship's hulk
where it marks the African continent;
sails of yachts sulk
as they lie limp in the windless great harbour
while tranquil people are home from labour.
Lights gleam far away at sea, are passing,
with a long lost
feeling of the great endlessness; as waves
fling, churn and toss
the hopes, fears and happiness of nations;
the great-great cost
of ending impoverishment, the ills
of vast centuries as destiny wills.
At a time faith and the will to be great,
did flow to sea,
like rivers in torrents that did rush in;
people were free
from the wars on the great black continent,
no destiny
could harass the nations, the pyramids,
that any living it now does forbid.
Like waves endlessly crushing on the beach,
and never spent
drawing back again, rushing to and thro
the sheer moment
between us has something that is lasting;
evanescent,
with some joys in our mutual discourse
life also flows to its ultimate course.
[Reference: 'Dover Beach' by Matthew Arnold.]A poem should touch, should palpable belong,
it should reach out,
with a kind of eternal caring truth;
it should scream, shout
of each injustice and pain that do remain
and be about
almost anything or each happening,
as something that is truly worth saying.
Not silent or dumb it falls on the ear,
as it's profound,
in a great symphony of the purest
kind of clear sound,
its rhythms do ring with every line
it is not bound
by politics, machinations of men
and can be a blessing or an omen.
[Reference: "Ars poetica" by Archibald Macleish.]Some jokers make me laugh at their folly,
without words said.
At Oscars night one did,when he wore a tux
and dress instead.
The clown felt grand with all the attention,
swirling his skirt.
But he had nothing of a woman's form
under his shirt.
These jesters make fools of themselves always,
and want respect.
They can flaunt their perverted views on us -
these we reject.
The Confused pretend but the truth is there.
They change clothes and body..... their mind, never.
Copyright © Cynthia Buhain-Baello~~~02.27.19That night thunder flash after thunder flash
roared blood red,
I could smell scorched flesh, saw the havoc
of the burnt dead,
while the armoured car's gun hammered;
Cubans had fled,
left their pristine battle tanks to run away,
while we fought through the night into the day.(after Guy Butler)
On the sandstone veranda I saw him
withered, old,
the master of thousands of acres of veldt,
it was quite cold
that early morning and through seasons of rain, drought
he stood quite bold;
a world of summers, winters he did love,
from an earth of grey shale he could not move.
[Reference: "Farmer" by Guy Butler.]The comforting warmth of the sun falling
through the window,
the voices of many birds calling serene
from the meadow
while the new morning rushes on boundless,
the pure blue glow
of a ethereal sky does reminds me
of the joys of summer, of tranquillity.The nearer that I do come to Thee, my God,
iniquity
I find more and much more that are present
in all of me;
I am a creature of sin from my own begin,
my sanctity
does not exist but in Your loving grace,
my painful scars are etched on Your face.Without a song or sound it lays waiting,
gathering dust,
in the right hands it could sound quite lovely,
to sing it must,
songs of happiness and of some despair,
very unjust
life sometimes is; death brought the great silence,
that is now a lingering odd presence.(after William Butler Yeats)
Anarchy, mere madness is loose,
a president
for life is enthroned (while voted out) ,
an incident
of total corruption occurs daily,
not diffident
a country is laid waist, in merriment
brought to an utter impoverishment.
His fifth brigade cleans Matabeleland;
killing, raping;
farmers are driven from their property
just escaping
with their bare lives from some murderous crowds,
with mouth gaping
he smiles on the conquest of fertile farmland,
causing famine, in victory holds up a hand.
While havoc reigns some blood flows everywhere,
chaos is spreading,
the opposition is sent to prison,
he is leading
the country to ruin, its falling apart,
its degrading,
it looses all kinds of decent order,
some millions flee south and cross the border.
Without any conviction destruction
is on the earth,
while people want to rob, rape, pillage and kill;
are told from birth
that they have been robbed from a future,
anger they girth;
pray to their ancestor spirits for war,
surely God will now be coming once more!
[Reference: 'The Second Coming' by William Butler Yeats.]We were too late born to escape from war,
was forced to go,
have caused with great manmade bolts of thunder
the slain; do know
the soulless agony that comes from killing,
saw phosphor glow
as it burns red with a projectile strike;
the destruction, killing, we did not like.
[Reference: 'The Too-Late Born' by Archibald MacLeish.](in answer to Alfred, Lord Tennyson)
I
The wish to live on, to still love, to know
beyond the grave
is probably in each mere mortal soul
and we act brave
in the face of daily devastation
at times do rave
at the meaninglessness of mortal life,
find withering in all that we do strive,
II
yet each lovely thing points straight up to God,
to some existence
that was once perfect, beyond all reproach,
and we do sense
that once we were much greater still than the
incompetence
to which we are bound and that everything
still yearns for company with a supreme being.
[Reference: "In Memoriam A.H.H." by Alfred, Lord Tennyson.]
© Gert StrydomThere is a land of endless light, where night
never does come,
where spring and summer boundless stays in that
eternal home,
where love and delight only true joys bring,
where no fears roam;
in that bright place that brings eternal rest,
there is a God, that selfless loves me best.Thinking of your work and life, a yearning
to earn much more;
where now I do lack all kinds of good things,
where you deplore
me for my lack to breed, build and to become
great as before;
still I have a good sense of confidence
while my words are reaching for excellence.
Yet with similar conviction I am
still reaching out
to a world that is beyond all human sight,
loud you may shout
and act in word and deed very harshly
and bring about
great acts of violence and great strife
while unseen forces of darkness wreck my life;
but hours and days of utter loneliness
wreaks their havoc
and forever ticking and running on
is the old clock;
wealth and snobbism enfolds you like a cloak;
running amok
are the words and deeds of my enemies
while constantly I only long for peace.The new government talks down; they deceive
about winning
against us, the war in which we did fight;
the beginning
of this deceit is at primary school
and by sinning
they rewrite history to suit their lies,
to look brave in their supporters eyes.
We did destroy a Soviet controlled
Cuban army,
never lost any battle nor the war,
but liberty
given to their imprisoned leaders,
they are now free
to say whatever nonsense they want to,
in their actions atrocities to do.
Citizens did pay the ultimate price,
and went to war,
some died from cowardly terrorist acts,
as was in store;
some women and children were slaughtered
in blood and gore
by planted bombs, some in church mowed down,
in these things this government finds renown.
[References: 'The battle at Cuito Cuanavale:  'The results of the campaign up to April 1988 were 4,785 killed on the Cuban/Faplan side, with 94 tanks and hundreds of combat vehicles destroyed, against 31 South Africans killed in action,3 tanks destroyed (SADF tanks entered the war after the Lomba River campaign)   and 11 SADF armoured cars and troop carriers lost. A total of 9 Migs were destroyed and only 1 SAAF Mirage shot down.'  (General)   Jannie Geldenhuys. (1994) : At the front. Jonathan Ball Publishers. P240.
'The South African force, under the command of Colonel Deon Ferreira, was tasked with carrying out three operations (1)   Operation Modular - The aim of which was to halt and reverse the FAPLA / Cuban advance on the UNITA strongholds of Mavinga and Jamba, (2)   Operation Hooper - The aim of which was to inflict maximum casualties on the retreating FAPLA / Cuban forces after they had been halted and  (3)   Operation Packer - The aim of which was to force the FAPLA / Cuban forces to retreat to the west of the Cuito River.' Nortje, Piet (2003) .32 Battalion. Zebra Press.
'In early October the Soviet-Fapla offensive was smashed at the Lomba River near Mavinga. It turned into a headlong retreat over the 120 miles back to the primary launching point at Cuito Cuanavale. In some of the bloodiest battles of the entire civil war, a combined force of some 8,000 UNITA fighters and 4,000 SADF troops destroyed one Fapla brigade and mauled several others out of a total Fapla force of some 18,000 engaged in the three-pronged offensive. Estimates of Fapla losses ranged upward of 4,000 killed and wounded. This offensive had been a Soviet conception from start to finish. Senior Soviet officers played a central role in its execution.... Huge quantities of Soviet equipment were destroyed or fell into UNITA and SADF hands when Fapla broke into a disorganized retreat... The 1987 military campaign represented a stunning humiliation for the Soviet Union, its arms and its strategy.... As of mid-November, the UNITA/SADF force had destroyed the Cuito Cuanavale airfield and pinned down thousands of FAPLA's best remaining units clinging onto the town's defensive perimeters.'  Crocker, Chester A. (1992)   High Noon in Southern Africa: Making Peace in a Rough Neighbourhood.   (Crocker was U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs during the Reagan Administration.)
John Turner claims that: 'following their losses, the Cubans were convinced that further military confrontation with the SADF would not succeed.'  Turner, John W. (1998) . Continent Ablaze; The Insurgency Wars in Africa,1960 to the Present. Cassell Plc.
Comments made by a Soviet adviser to the Cubans in Angola:  'The people's armed forces for the liberation of Angola have not been able either, even with the help of the Cubans, to decisively defeat the enemy and drive him out of the territory or the country.' M. Ponomariov, Krasnaya Zvezda Magazine; 20 May 1988.](after Thom Gunn)
A far off hum breaks the noon time silence,
rumbling thunder
of a manmade kind draws near, grazing cows
pause in wonder,
swallows, some in wheeling flight,
nesting under
a highway bridge swish about in some fear,
as some oncoming danger they do hear.
Men and women sit astride motorbikes,
with legs touching,
in almost a solemn intimate ritual,
everything,
even their black helmets, leather jackets,
is vibrating
to the essence of acceleration
of being in powerful forward motion.
With each other they are most intimate
and personal
as in unison they drive, they throttle on;
impersonal
beyond black visors, jackets, pants and boots;
emotional
they act, are a sheer force riding robust,
their uniforms are covered with dust.
There is some great joy, a sense of freedom;
the wind and sun
are tugging at the very centre soul,
with unknown fun
as they past in perfect control of speed;
as they are one,
with nature in a sudden kind of bliss
that some view as being utter reckless
Man, woman on roaring machines against
gravitation
becomes something more than mere human
intimation,
they are together travelling to their
destination,
next to the road the cows graze at the fence,
the swallows chirp after the inference.
[Reference: 'On the Move' by Thom Gunn.]Tonight for the first time we will walk talking
in the moonlight,
will wander among the yellow creeper-rose
and out of sight
you and I will be very close in search
of the first sight
of the evening star, our magic sign,
it will be dark when I ask you to be mine.(after Judith Rodriguez)
Some devious fiends hold to the statement
that there's two sides
to everything and to each viewpoint.
Some horror hides
in oppression in this very principle,
forcing to abide
as a true view sheer inhumanity,
anti-Semites killed millions gladly,
said they were only doing their duty,
and then to blame
they left a whole nation while they had fled,
in the great name
of patriotism, for the fatherland,
they brought great shame
and while they just meant extremely well,
they sent innocents straight to fiery hell.
[Reference: "How Come the Truck-loads? " by Judith Rodriguez.]Sweet smelling like peaches or oranges
like a girl's breath,
I have forgotten how nice women could be,
lived in death
with a longing hidden for someone true
far underneath,
until you came along, looked at me
with a kind of serene tranquillity.Quite romantic an ancient ship passes
during twilight
with the setting sun ropes, cords, sails thrum;
the coming night
rushes in with a myriad of stars
and out of sight
a man stand with a fist high against the wind,
to eternity rest he will not find.We sat near the steps of the porch with your hand
touching my own
your eyes sparkled like those of a wildcat;
I have not known
a glance as sweet as a lingering kiss,
saw a small frown
creasing your brow against the bright hot sun
while just being with you were the greatest fun.We strive in all what we do and we are
somehow for truth,
for something to outlast our humanity,
our dwindling youth
in a world that is in constant decay
but each untruth
in our humanity is buried deep
while in life we yearn, learn, laugh, play and weep.When all around me the breakers toss and turn,
as the tempest,
the surging swell threatens to wreck my life,
there is no rest
while I am heading to the distant shore
and life at best
is but a fleeting passing kind of thing
that is at times painful and amazing.they can be sharp
and cut deeply without a second thought,
the soul can warp
at mere words that are said indifferent,
or like a harp
the sounds of love and speech can be quite true,
can bring happiness in all that they do.When I close my eyes you are right next to me,
but you are gone
when I awake and for some long moments
I am alone;
daily your sweet company brings me joy,
you are the one
whose absence brings the greatest kind of pain
but in my thoughts you constantly remain.When the early the morning does begin
and you arise
my lady, the first doves do happy sing,
while the dew lies
on your garden's most pretty flower cups
and in your eyes
with greatest joy golden the sun does shine
and forever I want you to be mine.some wantonness,
a private, intimate, secret blessing
does now possess
your very smile, your eyes, your small motions
and your bright dress
while familiar, innermost, essential
you entice to a blissful potential.While loving you I entered into
a world unknown
where the boundaries are ever changing,
where the things shown
carries hidden messages of you and me,
where we both own
a kind of beauty, finding pain and bliss,
the deepest kind of passion in each kiss.While nature in the spring is flowering
something is there,
is visiting the broken earthly sphere
and everywhere
there are signs of a divine presence
coming with care
and in the sheer purest loveliness,
we see something that God's love does possess.(after Edward Thomas)
Invisible animals in the darkness
do outside go
as they sneak around without sound their eyes
do like fire glow
while shadows creep lifeless everywhere
as the wind blows
fear leaps like a big panther, far too little
is the world of sight, as I feel quite brittle.(after Archibald MacLeish)
Will nature at a time be really lost,
no snowflake fall
as the world becomes extremely hot,
while big and small
live in a man-made kind of sheer hot hell?
If man kills all;
the fish, each bird, each animal and tree,
what's living will at a time, no more be.
No bird will sing, or even be flying,
tranquility
will be gone in a world as stark as stone,
each thing lovely,
each leaping fish, diving crying great eagle
will die slowly,
when all of the ozone layer is gone
and the greenhouse effect just lingers on.
[Reference: 'The Snowflake Which Is Now And Hence Forever' by Archibald MacLeish.}Stripped naked to the most inner core
as during winter
a leafless tree stood very near to death
a branch did splinter;
as if out of proportion drawn, printed
on a printer;
lonesome my heart was there in the weather,
as nothing good could bring us together.With each breath, each heartbeat closer you are,
your lips, your smell,
the gaze of your eyes drives me quite crazy,
I know you well
but still you remain a big mystery
with shell on shell
covering new beauty, some depths profound,
while to you I become much deeper bound.Beyond Table Bay far within the blue deep
man and horse waits
while their bones lie in sacred bravery
at the sea’s gates
still lunging to and thro in the great swell
their forceful traits
are burnt into the hearts of small children
and of many South African countrymen.From Your own hands I get my daily bread,
You know my heart,
above living and dead You are supreme;
You know each part
which makes me and You know everything;
in my own art
You are present, even in each dispute;
You make me great, grand, good and resolute.Your smile, your touch, your glance flowers in a
eternal spring,
there is a kind of radiance that comes
to everything;
constantly a hidden, holy, message
keeps whispering
while great joy you bring with your own presence,
to my life you are bringing the essence.Author of light
Break now my heart
Our pleasure sleeps
This place I rememberThe criminal act of
these church organs
spewing
from doors half hinged
all untamed
all peeled open
all revealed
the ever static change
the buzz. the heat. the same.
in far back rows
elders rattle and bob
crisply ironed,
lightly greased and
pressed in the seats
hungry,
gnawing at the bone
_____________________________________ ________
cento poem source text:
Six a.m. Halfway Tree, Kingston 10  by Adziko SimbaCento cerini, cento cerini, cento cerini!
lød det overalt i Sværmen  i Tusmørket.
Jeg syntes godt om den lurvede Gadesælgers Ansigt
og gik hen og spurgte ham, hvad han raabte.
Han forstod ikke mit daarlige Sprog eller mit simple Spørgsmaal,
begreb ikke, at jeg kun vilde vide Navnet paa den Vare, han solgte;
og strax blev han altfor elskværdig,
trængte ind paa mig med toscansk Beredvillighed,
lovede at være mig til Tjeneste med alt muligt;
jeg skulde kun sige til.
Og da jeg svarede, at jeg intet begærede af ham -
„Jo, Herren bad mig om noget,"
sagde han og holdt mig fast i Kjolefligen som Disciplene Herren.
„Jeg er til Herrens Tjeneste,
sig kun frem — dica pure! -
Vil Herren, at jeg skal vise Vej i Byen?"
Da han langt om længe begreb mig,
blev han forbauset — skuffet ... men sagde tjenstligt:
„Cento cerini!"
Hundrede Tændstikker!
Jeg afkøbte min Toscaner
to hundrede Tændstikker,
og jeg lovede at anbefale ham til min Ven, Jærnbaneinspektøren,
en Embedsmand, der frygtede for Skandalen.
Og han saa paa mig med et bedrøvet Blik
og slap mit Frakkeskøde.
Cento cerini! Hundrede Tændstikker!
Armod, Usselhed, Vanære...
det stakkels fattige Italien -
en Dag vil det tændes i lys Lue.
Hundrede Tændstikker. Cento cerini!The moving finger writes, and, having writ,
the Book of Life is signed and sealed to fit.
The boast of heraldry, the pomp of power,
are mirage lures, poor men in shadows cower.
I am here now, and gone tomorrow,
this vale of tears leads on to sorrow
though Green grow the rushes, Ho
from dark we spring, to darkness go
So gather ye rosebuds while ye may,
short lived are darling buds of May.
Of Faith, Obedience, Sacrifice
naught shall remain for in a trice
how tragedy and comedy embrace
the rise and fall of all the human race,
to his lamented loss, for time to come
the Fates bear witness, hear fear's dreaded drum.
To cease upon the midnight with no pain
means sods remain to never rise again,
for who would bear the whips and scorns of time
soon sinks, forgotten, corpses cannot rhyme!
We have given our hearts away, a sordid boon!
repented soon for in Life's afternoon
If we might have a second chance
perhaps we'd forge ahead, advance:
I shall be telling this with a sigh,
perhaps another road I'd try.
Like the leaves of the forest when Autumn hath blown,
my wraith may lament opportunities flown,
The scent of the conifers, sound of the bath
no more will pour balm on my garden path.Goodnight,  Noises Everywhere 1
(A collage poem)
Someone, I tell you, will remember us.    - Sappho
It's 4 in the afternoon, time still for a poem.2
I lift my lamp beside the golden door.3
A silence opens,  4
And I shall stand here like a shadow under the great balanced day.5
My room is so small that the days sneak in, humiliated.6
I remember rooms that that have had their part in the steady slowing of the heart.7
Why there is still all this space inside me, I don't know.8
I cannot say what loves have come and gone.9
Tonight as always there is no one to share my thoughts.10
I am a woman sick for passion,11
But barely daring to breathe or achoo   12
In my congested cosmos of agony,13
Pang after pang again and again,14
Old as if ready to die.15
Mere dust, a corpse, a shadow, a nothingness.16
I hear dire threats everywhere.17
A woman who writes feels too much.18
I have gone out, a possessed witch.19
I eat men like air.20
Many things are better flavored with bacon.  21
There's just no accounting for happiness.  22
But the mind is an enchanting thing.23
And I am a smiling woman.24
Now for a while I have fed on loneliness,25
But I am completely nourished.26
I have wanted other things more than lovers.27
To get a rare jewel is easy, to get a good man is harder.28
Ah, no, I dare not lose myself in dreams.29
What a world of awkwardness.30
I will try to be non-violent one more day.31
Make a note of this:   32
The heart asks more than life can give.  33
Today is always gone tomorrow.34
Everything passes even the sigh and the signature.  35
After all, ecstasy can't be constant.  36
I dwell in Possibility.37
Yes, for that most of all.  38
This is not verse, of course, I'm sure of this.   39
It may look like...disaster.40
Thank you for hurrying through.41
I too dislike it,  42
This ill-formed offspring of my feeble brain,43
Helpless in the desire to be completed.  44
I'd like to fit the words right, but I'm disabled; that's a fact.45
I wanted to choose words that even you would have to be changed by,46
Words that are luminous in the dark.  47
But even Dante couldn't get it right.  48
There is no salvage.49
Weeping I come to my heart's destination,   50
And I'm a child again in a night that may be the last.51
I lift my heavy heart up solemnly.52
Life, believe me, is not a dream so dark as sages say;  53
It gives a lovely light,  54
Leaving my shadow still to be with you.  55
Somebody loves us all.  56
Let evening come,57
With the damn wonder of it.  58
The only sanity is a cup of tea.  59
Sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet, sweet…tea.  60
￼
____________________________ ___________________________________________
1.   Margaret Wise Brown,  "Goodnight Moon"
2.   Phyllis McGinley,  "Public Journal"
3.   Emma Lazarus, "The New Colossus"
4.   Amy Clampitt	, "A Silence"
Louise Bogan,  "Medusa"
Leah Goldberg, "Nameless Journey"
7.   Charlotte Mew, "Rooms"
8.   Wislawa Symborska, "A Large Number"
9.   Edna St. Vincent Millay, "Sonnet XLIII"
10.  Chu Shu-chen  (Untitled)
11.  Amy Lowell, "Appuldurcombe Park"
12.  Sylvia Plath, "Daddy"
13.  Mina Loy, "Parturition"
14.  Christina Rossetti, "Introspection"
15.  Gabriela Mistral, "The Stranger"
16.  Sor Juana Ines de la Cruz, "On My Portrait"
17.  Hilda Doolittle (HD) , 	 "Chance"
18.  Anne Sexton, "The Black Art"
19.  Anne Sexton, "Her Kind"
20.  Sylvia Plath, "Lady Lazarus"
21.  Louise Niedecker, "Poet's Work"
22.  Jane Kenyon, "Happiness"
23.  Marianne Moore, "But the Mind is an Enchanting Thing"
24.  Sylvia Plath, "Lady Lazarus"
25.  May Sarton, "Words on a Wing"
26.  Amy Lowell, "Decade"
27.  Kay Boyle, 	"Monody to the Sound of Zithers"
28.  Yu Hsuan-chi, "(Untitled)
29.  Dorothy Parker, "Rosemary"
30.  Muriel Rukeyser, "This Morning"
32.  Dorothy Parker, "Unfortunate Coincidence"
33.  Sara Teasdale, "Moonlight"
34.  Wislawa Symborska, "Nothing Twice"
35.  Nelly Sachs, "Such Detours"
36.  Lorinne Niedecker, "Laundromat"
37.  Emily Dickenson, #657
38.  Denise Levertov, "The Secret"
39.  Marianne Moore, "Avec Ardeur"
Elizabeth Bishop, "One Art"
41. Gertrude Stein, "Stanza on Meditation, LXXXII"
42.  Marianne Moore, "Poetry"
Anne Bradstreet, "The Author to Her Book"
44.  Ruth Stone, "Coffee & Sweet Rolls"
45.  Jean Garrique, "Doggeral of a Die Hard Who Sleeps in a Nest of Newspapers"
46.  Adrienne Rich, "Implosions"
47.  Elinor Wylie, "Pretty Words"
48.  Wislawa Symborska, "A Large Number"
49.  Maxine Kumin, "Together"
50.  Stevie Smith, "The Death Sentence"
51.  Virginia Hamilton Adair, "Now We Lay Us"
52.  Elizabeth Barrett Browning, "Sonnet V"
Charlotte Bronte, "Life"
54.. Edna St. Vincent Millay, "First Fig"
Anna Akhmatova, "You Will Hear Thunder and Remember Me"
Elizabeth Bishop, ‘The Filling Station"
57. Jane Kenyan, "Let Evening Come"
58.  Lucille Clifton, "Homage to My Hips"
59.  Gwendolyn Brooks, "Boy Breaking Glass"
60.  Gertrude Stein, "Susie Asado"
I heard
The dead
When the wind
Cut apart the heat
Only an attitude remains
Of the song, and timeless
Wind in these ears
Your bones burning in the fire
A white skull
A good skeleton
Skeleton
You are dead now
And perfectly divine
In gentleman’s attire
Friend, I want to die
Locked and frozen in each eye
I think I see you
Sitting on the porch
I’m stone, I’m flesh
I am, a shadow
Within a dream
Imagine!
Tireless traveler
Deserts of vast Eternity
Of your dry silence
Without the silence changing
You may forever tarry
It’s a puzzle
Far off from me it is taken
My heart
But I am no more
And now my heart is sore
Like a chain on a bicycle
Among the rain
Hearts go bad
The riotous glass houses built on rock
The houses are haunted
Traced in the shadow
They resemble nothing else
Though I am old with wandering
I stared and stared
Dreaming in a softened brain
Karma demands
Prepare for it
When the full moon rises
Under thick autumn stars
The wind is watching over it
The ship upon the sea
Tosses me helplessly
Into the world we share
A ghost’s endeavor
There is no other life
The street is deserted
And its full of sadness
My words
Quick little splinters of life
I love you still among these cold things
The mood
The wind The wind
It is the hour of departure. Oh abandoned one!
Six o’clock
And daytime is dead
And so the night became
And in parting from you now
With the certainty of tides
Stirring away from something hot
I go from loving to not loving you
I say
(I think I made you up inside my head)
I thought that love would last forever; I was wrong
The art of losing isn’t hard to master
A bower quiet for us, and a sleep
Life, believe, is not a dream
I lift my lids and all is born again
We share life’s joys when sober
I shall go on living
The heart has not stopped
I must not allow myself to disappear
In a wasteland of thorns
Alone in your lonesome dynasty
I want to be looking at them when they come
The doors of life
Lights,
Which will one day find
Everything
Very quietly
Give me truths,
While I am I, and you are you,
Because I love to live
And sing and laugh, and deny nothing
So winter closed its fist
To the waters. But I’m sure
A cold glitter of souls
Shinning like a wet stone in the rain
Will open wide the gates of her high palace hall.
Into the future, let what will be, be.
Till someone really finds us out.
I smell the earth, I smell the bruised plant
Thy leaves have ripened to the fall;
And dead wings carried like a paper kite.I tried giving depth,
slipping on the sky
they bawl, missing me by millimetres as they
stampede
And understand
And sail the Break of Day at last
He loveth to tease me.
Upturn with his shoe.
And when he gets boring, will you dust him clean,
Smooth and cheerful besides
Arrays of hidden treasures
Are evil,
wordy and leaf-likeShe has heard a whisper say
time's climb shall_lottery homage pay.
The mist has left the mountain grey,
for climate change communiqué
statistics show mad c[r]ow[d]s were led astray.
Though ploughman homeward plods his weary way,
fair promise fails faced with crass quoldibet,
and his is henceforth an established sway,
Time witness bears to beings' brief buffet
and dayly spectacle of sad decay.
The lone and level sands stretch far away,
facts lack to show all friends life's holiday.
Does the road wind uphill all the way?
Clock ticks downhill till rigor mortis prey!
With blossomed furze unprofitably gay?
Rose smells as sweet without man's interplay.
Elf and fay and sprite at play?
departed forever and a day.
There in bright drops the crystal Fountains play
till drought spells ill well which slaked Robin Jay.
I lay down in the heat of day
dishevelled, clothes in disarray,
thoughts lost to dismay
that little could allay,
yet knowing how way leads on to way,
Fate winks, linked fingers beckoning weigh.
Life's chance dance braid, parade ballet
Time, you old gipsy man, will you not stay
to hear a jackass bray
who'd future scope betray
while met in mortal fray.
Secure within, wins execution's stay,
Tomorrow do thy worst, for I have lived today!
fall guys believe in Cupid's bow display.
Go, songs, for ended is our brief, sweet play,
fall guys believe in Cupid's bow display,
and we’ll strive to please you every day
though one can't please all folk faraway.
'If this were only cleared away'!
oiled wheels roll, pipeline role must piper pay,
to inarticulate murmurs dies away
plaintive compaints fade from life's cabaret
and no birds sing:
Time, there's thy sting!
I must now conclude my lay.
Judge reader I myself obey!Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered, weak and weary,
The wind was a torrent of darkness among the gusty trees
Ah, distinctly I remember it was in the bleak December,
It wasn't much fun, but the only one to whimper was Sam McGee.
Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there wondering, fearing,
The highwayman came riding, up to the old inn-door.
He turned to me, and 'Cap, ' says he, I'm chilled clean through to the bone.
And the only word there spoken was the whispered word, 'Lenore! '
The road was a ribbon of moonlight over the purple moor,
And dark in the dark old inn-yard a stable-wicket creaked
And he tapped with his whip on the shutters,
Where Tim the ostler listened; his face was white and peaked
Dumb as a dog he listened, and he heard the robber say—
I'll come to thee by moonlight, though hell should bar the way.
Startled at the stillness broken by reply so aptly spoken
Then he tugged at his rein in the moonlight, and galloped away to the West.
And he rode with a jeweled twinkle, His pistol butts a-twinkle,
Over many a quaint and curious volume of forgotten lore
There wasn't a breath in that land of death, and I hurried, horror-driven,
And the silken sad uncertain rustling of each purple curtain
Thrilled me- filled me with fantastic terrors, because of a promise given
Now a promise made is a debt unpaid, and the trail has its own stern code.
I do not know how long in the snow I wrestled with grisly fear
While I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping,
Doubting, dreaming dreams no mortals ever dared to dream before;
Then methought the air grew denser, perfumed from an unseen censer
And the heavens scowled, and the huskies howled, and the wind began to blow.
Presently my soul grew stronger; hesitating then no longer
'Tis the wind and nothing more.' then the door I opened wide.
And there sat Sam, looking cool and calm
When they shot him down on the highway, Down like a dog on the highway
The Arctic trails have their secret tales
Some planks I tore from the cabin floor, and I lit the boiler fire;
And each separate dying ember wrought its ghost upon the floor.
The Northern Lights have seen queer sights,
I cremated Sam McGee.
Open here I flung the shutter, when, with many a flirt and flutter,
In there stepped a stately raven of the saintly days of yore
'One kiss, my bonny sweetheart, I'm after a prize to-night,
Quoth the Raven, 'Nevermore.'You can see what we have -Farm carts topple over in full ride.
Planes by men for men made -Here is the riddle- where did we
shoot this clip - France or Germany? If I am a TB patient, I am
Not sure 1 can endure the whole course of treatment -Well after
The match, Thierry Henry said the club's failure to make big
Signings contributed to the defeat -One can really see it if one
Watches the market- Couldn't feel much better the way I feel
Tonight -Listen in silence, zitto e godi, she pets and strokes her
Wee pointed cushion; rubs the junction
What's more, the defendants conceded owning explosives -
You do not See me -But in Bavaria, there is discrimination as well –
Against bell's holy ringing - Hahaha we will reach the coast at four
-First, you have to spend six hundred Euros for the video camera and
Then the Computer, you do not need that here- Birds chirp and twitter
In the last thirsty years the ice plates around the Arctic have shrunk -
The youth do not know what pulque is- they only see the TV advert
And want to buy- The strict expert an flirtation turn out to be a
Bachelor. So my son is paid forty-nine euros for the rent - I get
Paid forty-nine euro for the rent Yes I talked to her -
I have it under control - I will not make it- one does
Not know it before- But I know it- awkward situationCento:  a literary work made up of parts from other works
He showered the audience with obsenities
The scribe D'esparbe's wrote of his distain
I cant for the love of me
The boy who daily cast his brazon cannon
For this side of our known world esteem'd him
I lent down planted a kiss, on her cheek
Felt there way in the erriely fantastic world
When i gaze upone your hairy continence
Down to missisippy to the lake of mexico
And wether you are Indonesion-
Son if you mastabate
A kind of yesty collection, of winnowed opinions
Just spectres and manifestations of lost pysicality
The above cento is comprised of the work of the honorable, esteemed poet Mr. Allan Saywell, Poemhunter's self appointed Guardian of Good SpellingVery quick. Very intense, like a wolf
at a live heart, the sun breaks down.
What is important is to avoid
the time allotted for disavowels
as the livid wound
leaves a trace      leaves an abscess
takes its contraction for those clouds
that dip thunder & vanish
like rose leaves in closed jars.
Age approaches, slowly. But it cannot
crystal bone into thin air.
The small hours open their wounds for me.
This is a woman's confession:
I keep this wolf because the wilderness gave it to me.Aconitum Napellus (Chain Verse)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Aconitum napellus
Is a beautiful blue flower
But highly poisonous
So, know flower
Before plucking one
For some dear or any one.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza |07/06/2017On a scale of one to ten,
I'd say nine would gauge it.
Many false and cunning friends-
They charmed me with deceit.
They charmed me with deceit
And wore masks to delude.
Gained my trust, words were sweet,
Being naive wasn't good.
Being naive wasn't good,
But Time shows true colors.
"Love yourself" now understood,
I learned from my errors.
I learned from my errors,
Have boundaries set up.
Friends screened with my filters
Because....... I've had enough.
Copyright © Cynthia Buhain-Baello~~~01.04.20Believe in God, all must but ‘why'?
Why shouldn't we trust the Creator?
Creator, who made everything;
Everything, both unseen and seen;
Seen by our two just earthly eyes;
Eyes that perceive God-made Nature;
Nature designed by God for all;
All men must therefore trust the Lord;
Lord Almighty, who made by love;
Love infinite, shouldn't we believe?Chain like verse is chain verse
This may not properly noise,
Here words are used one after another as bead
Where needle and thread are needed to fit,
Also need arrangements in sequence
And there are some rhymes.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -Muzahidul Reza
The Following Pieces Of Information Are Collected:
* a series of (usually metal)rings or links fitted into one another to make a flexible ligament
*a necklace made by a stringing objects together; "a string of beads" or "a strand of pearls"
*anything that acts as a restraint
*metal shackles; for hands or legs
*a number of similar establishments (stores or restaurants or banks or hotels or theaters)under one ownership
*a series of things depending on each other as if linked together; "the chain of command"; "a complicated concatenation of circumstances"
*a series of linked atoms (generally in an organic molecule)
*a series of hills or mountains; "the valley was between two ranges of hills"; "the plains lay just beyond the mountain range"
*British biochemist (born in Germany)who isolated and purified penicillin, which had been discovered in 1928 by Sir Alexander Fleming (1906-1979)
*a unit of length
*fasten or secure with chains; "Chain the chairs together"
*connect or arrange into a chain by linking.
A Quatrain is a poem consisting of four lines of verse with a specific rhyming scheme. For this contest I am going to ask you to write four stanzas with the rhyme scheme... aaba, bbcb, ccdc, dddd. This is one example of a chain rhyme.
The linking together of stanzas by carrying a rhyme over from one stanza to the next. A number of verse forms use chain rhyme as an integral part of their structures. One example is terza rima, which is written in tercets with a rhyming pattern a-b-a, b-c-b, c-d-c. Another is the virelai ancien, which rhymes a-a-b-a-a-b, b-b-c-b-b-c, c-c-d-c-c-d. Other verse forms may also use chain rhyme. For instance, quatrains can be written to the following pattern: a-a-b-a, b-b-c-b, c-c-d-c.
Also cane be written with the rhyme schemes, abab, cdcd, efef, ghgh, or any of these rhymes in sevsral stanzas.
Also can be composed in one of the following three ways:
* Chain Verse is composed:
With the last word or syllable of one line repeated
in the beginning of the next line.
* Chain Verse is composed:
In stanza styles, most often written in any number of quatrains.
But any stanza form will do, linked by repeating the last word of a stanza
as the first word of the next stanza.
The repetition of a word from one verse or stanza to the next creates a chain-like link
usual rhyme, linking rhyme or alternate rhyme;
often syllabic, alternating longer-shorter lines.
One example is alternating 8-7-8-7 syllables,
the other is alternating 6-5-6-5 syllables per line.
* Chain Verse is composed:
With the last line of the stanza repeated
as the first line of the next stanza;
For the readers I included these
In this Chance Operations.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │25 January,2018Chain Verse For Accepting Truth And Rejecting Falsehood
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Accept truth
Accepting don't reject,
Reject falsehood
Rejecting don't accept.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 19 December,2017Chain Verse For Approach
March 10, 2019
Let's know
And positively handle,
Then try to do
Something settle.Chain Verse For Cloud Rain River And Ocean
February 20,2019
Water evaporates
Particle particle vapor
Make clouds
Clouds turn into rains pour;
Rain drops
Drops drops water
Get force
To make river;
The river flows
Many many rivers
Flow to seas
The sea roars.Chain Verse For Contemplation
March 10, 2019
I see
I Contemplate,
In me
Comes thought.Chain Verse For Death
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Death damns beauty
From worldly hole,
Death damns body
Chasing the soul;
Hence, it is unexpected
But it does come
In the human world
To end the game.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 8 November,2018You will put thorns on my path
I have known it before
So I have learnt how to remove that
And walk the path ever,
I have not taken you enemy yet
But taken you as great friend.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 17 December,2017Chain Verse For Final Reward
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
To face these
Exchange you need,
Then advance
To receive reward;
Good or bad
Bad or good
This depends
Fully on deeds.Chain Verse For - For The Love Of Peace
February 22, 2019
For the love of peace
let's do everything possible,
For the love of peace
let's be fully responsible;
For the love of peace
let's sow well seeds,
For the love of peace
let's do all well deeds.Let be human for human
Above all,
And emotion is for emotion
Equal to all;
Let all as natural happen well
As they act and react,
Let all go on normal
For some essential products.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 5 November,2017Chain Verse For Human Vs. Nature
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
I went to some of humans
Who showed me inhumanity,
I went to some natural zones
Which showed me beauty.Chain Verse For Literature
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Life, river and
Nature
Side by side
Goes literature.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 13 July, 2018Chain Verse For Real Poet And Poetess
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Real poet or poetess in and out
Is he or she,
To him or her nothing is abused
Wherever may be.Chain Verse For Relation - 2
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
You are host
Always feed me,
I am guest
You always favor me.Chain Verse For Relation
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
I call you
You listen,
You see me
I understand.Chain Verse For Safety Living
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Safe water
Non-adulterated food,
Fresh air
Unpolluted environment.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 7 July, 2018Chain Verse For Softness And Hardness Of Mind
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Software is mind
Flowers it does remind;
But some bearers are hard
Stone they remind.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │13 May,2018Chain Verse For The Unchained Creatures
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - =
From beginning of 21st century
The animal planet what saw
The ever happened atrocity
Was not in ancient flock of sow,
Civilized themselves they do claim
Atrocious their aim and helms,
They don't fear to catch a human
Piece alive or throw to flames,
They catch young girl or woman
Rape till the victims be crazy
Horribly they kill all of them
Or torment till they die terribly,
Atrociously they do exfoliate
Then feed the close companions
And most fiercely they dissect
Dead body of innocent humans,
The ancient bestialities do fail
Surpass what happened before
Are done by these modern cruel
The Bamar there in Myanmar.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 09/27/2017Chain Verse For The Words Of Love
January 27, 2019
Words of love
Bring things full
Removing half
From us all.Chain Verse For Trees
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
To the trees I talk
And shake hand
Even with a stalk
And both become glad;
You can join with us
With a good noise
Of loving trees
Planting some trees.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 20 July, 2018Good liking is like democracy
Liking good for all,
Gentle behavior is here quality
Knows only the gentle.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │25 January,2018Virtue is opposite to vice
Virtue is the path of angel
Angel will take you to bliss
Close ever the door of hell;
Vice is opposite to virtue
Vice is the path of devil
Devil will lead you to disvalue
Close ever the path of well.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 14 December,2017Chain Verse For Your Words Of Love
August 7, 2019
Your those words of love
For mankind, creature,
Nature and Allah, enough!
Give me much pleasure.Chain like verse is chain verse
This may not properly noise,
Here words are used one after another as bead
Where needle and thread are needed to fit,
Also need arrangements in sequence
And there are some rhymes.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │25 January,2018No any little but totally full
Be free from corruption,
Over years practised the fool
This cursed labefaction;
This is modern age
Come out of that devils' hole,
Open the new page
Where every point shall be well.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 14 December,2017The morning sun erased the dream
I tried to trace it in my mind.
But day's brightness, it just seems
To blur vague images I find.
To blur vague images I find
The day does that, after night's sleep.
As though to tease, it's so unkind
To take the dreams I try to keep.
To take the dreams I try to keep
And so to bring some sort of fun,
I used the day and slept so deep
And had those dreams, much as I can!Tomorrow I shall roam free
Free from the burden of your body
Body that captivated me for long
Long enough to keep me alive
Now I shall be free from any accountability
Accountability that kept me in check
Check that I am still alive and living
Living a life which is predestined
Destined to certain path and ways
Tomorrow when this soul will see the light
Light of the day from the darkness of this body
Body which is mortal, but bundled in ego
Ego, a burden that forced mind to enjoy
Enjoy the dust with which you are made of and
And I shall roam free till ordered to enter new body.In justice
Willfully no wrong can be done,
In injustice
Willfully any wrong can be done,
Here is the different
Between wrong and just.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 16 December,2017.
I'm drifting
drifting with the clouds so gently
gently uplifting and oversteering so purposely
purposely losing traction and sliding
sliding softly sideways
sideways around
around the corners of my life
I'm drifting.
.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~©2017 Susan WilliamsFlower Is One Of The Gifts Of Tree (Chain Verse)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Let's stay close
And care of tree,
Gives us
Beautiful flower free.Make the truth motto
In your way of life,
May face some veto
But get absolutely triumph.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 16 December,2017Great Contribution (Chain Verse)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Reminding to go to the field
Early in the morn
With all equipments
Plays the farmers' horn,
Of preparing the land
And sowing the seeds,
Of planting the plants
And weeding out,
Then of doing harvest
Working day throughout
With little drinking and food
And a single rest,
Greatly doing to mankind
Simply they spend the days
I call them the real friends
I call them the real heroes.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 10/05/2017To write a chain verse
Need to make a chain of words
With a thread of rhymes.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │25 January,2018(Heavy Stone Standing On Light One - Chain Verse)
Top of the mountain
Standing a heavy stone
On a light one
Any time may fall without any storm
And get damn
And cause others damn.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │2 March,2018The way that leads to heaven
Is truth
Yet, many are out of it;
The way that leads to hell
Is falsehood
Yet, many are eagerly on it.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 21 December,2017I cannot seem to write love poems anymore,
The inclination seems to have left me.
I can't recall how it felt or what it was like before,
In my heart there's just a blurred memory.
In my heart there's just a blurred memory,
Nothing there to unearth, uncover, or reveal.
There's just this sense of pure tranquility
A completeness of being me, that's all I feel.
A completeness of being me, that's all I feel,
I don't cry when I'm alone, there's no more fear.
No demands, no arguments, no more wounds to heal-
I love the silence, no more angry words to hear.
I love the silence,no more angry words to hear.
Being free is such a relief,I could not ask for more.
There's strength from family and friends I hold dear,
......But I can't seem to write love poems anymore.
CopyrightCynthia Buhain-Baello ~~~01.08.20The modern towers
Say,
"No more past hours
Hey! "
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │10 April,2018Better being in hell
Than living with devils in paradise
Whose touches spoil
The eternal fresh paradise;
Dismiss the devils living in and out
To regain expected paradise
Paradise is yours abode
Don't let on devils' grasp to damage.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 30 December,2017Poet Is My Mind In Chain Verse
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Poems are me
Poet is my mind
Is writing me
As any kind;
Causes me
Hold a tree,
Shows me
Its boundary;
Hurts me
With feather,
Caresses me
With hammer;
Points me
Just directly,
Asks me
To tell clearly;
Jokes at me
With air,
Warns me
To play with fire.Prayer For Them Through A Chain Verse
16 November, 2018
Merciful Lord,
Open their eyes, brain and heart
Who can't see and
Understand Your truth,
I know through it
Through their gain and loss
You have no benefit
Again, no any loss.Something is getting lost
Many things are also getting lost for that
Can you tell me what?
That is truth.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 14 December,2017(The Allegory - 18 In Chain Verse)
Pain is in whole body
What will do the little balm?
Where will I apply?
When will the pain be calm?
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │12 March,2018The Chain Verse Between You And Me
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
You say, "A day goes"
"It means"
I say, "A day we lose
From lives".Necessary water,
Moderate heat,
Proper levels of air,
And huge, tolerable light;
Living in the earth
First we need.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 15 December,2017Drinking pure water
They polluted the rest,
We are now sufferer
From pollution the most.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza |3/7/2017Then Now And After That (Chain Verse)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Dear, forget your sweet past!
You were, you had;
Sense the poisonous present
You are, you have;
And get ready for worsened future just
You will be, you will have.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza |10/09/2017Feel everything
Everything in life
Life comes and goes
Goes like the wind blowing
Blowing to unknown paths
Paths you never imagined walking through
Through out your life there are shadows
Shadows pf uncertainty and doubts
Doubts that lead to discovery
Discovery of your inner self
Self awareness comes when you are free
Free of fears that haunts your thoughts
Thoughts are windmills in your mind
Mind is cage when you cannot express
Expression is the way to freedom
Freedom from your own narrowness and limitations
Limitations that hinder you from living
Living your life to the fullestWar undeclared has been there existing,
From a seething anger underneath that grows.
Persistent and nurtured Hate boiling
Reaps the bitter grapes of wrath it sows.
Reaps the bitter grapes of wrath it sows,
War undeclared was written in the heart
Of those whose blood like cold water flows
Drowning their own with what they impart.
Drowning their own with what they impart,
Revenge is the price of self-destruction.
Death to their foe has always been a part
Of their people, their land, their lost nation.
Copyright © Cynthia Buhain-Baello~~~01.04.20Top to bottom
Left to right
All around
You are found,
In the existence of life
In the point of thing
In the things, beings
Seen and unseen,
How much
Humans have found
How much
They have not found,
In each and everything
In joint and point
You are seen
You are found.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 17 December,2017Carbs have a bad reputation,
But they're an irreplaceable part of the optimal human diet;
See which carbs you should be eating more of:
I bet you don't hear that very often.
But somebody needs to say it,
Carbohydrates contain not only
Some of the most delicious flavors on earth,
But some of the most beneficial health
Enhancing nutrients that our bodies need
And they're here to stay;
According to the USDA,
Most of the carbs you should be getting from your diet
Should be complex carbohydrates
The unprocessed, fiber-laden, long chain complex carbohydrates
Like whole grains, vegetables, and fruits,
Less than 10 percent should be coming from simple carbohydrates,
Like table sugar, refined or processed;
Our brain prefers glucose as fuel,
When the concentration of glucose in your bloodstream falls short,
Your brain lets you know quickly —
You may feel lightheaded, dizzy, or lethargic,
For example. Complex carbohydrates give us
High-quality fuel for the brain, central nervous system function,
And our gut bacteria.
So let's fuel up on the right kinds of carbs,
Here are some of the most beneficial carbs for our bodies:
1. Pizza
Now that I have your attention — yes, you can eat pizza!
If you make it right, that is,
Make it with a thin crust (preferably whole grain or gluten-free)
And load it up with tomato sauce or pesto sauce,
Plus lots of flavorful vegetables,
This vegan pizza from Minimalist Baker literally makes my mouth water;
2. Quinoa
This powerhouse seed acts and tastes like a nutty grain,
But it's actually a gluten-free seed;
It'shigher in nutrients and protein than most grains,
Meaning that you can forego the cholesterol, saturated fat, and cancer-Causing compounds found in animal proteins;
3. Lentils
Yum! Lentils are quick and easy
To prepare in comparison to other types of beans,
They're high in protein and a very good source of cholesterol-lowering fiber, Which can be helpful for people with diabetes,
As fiber prevents blood sugar levels from rising too rapidly after a meal,
Lentils contain many important minerals including
Iron, magnesium, and folate;
4. Dates
Dates can help fend off everything from night blindness to anemia,
And constipation to seasonal allergies,
The significant amounts of minerals found in dates
Like iron, calcium, and potassium can help with healthy bone development
And maintaining a healthy gut. I'm a big fan of
Incorporating dates into my snacks and desserts,
Like these no-bake pumpkin bites;
5. Oats
Oats play a vital role in improving our feeling of fullness,
And can be a boon to our digestive, cardiovascular,
And overall metabolic health,
Oats are rich in a specific type of fiber called beta-glucan
known to help lower levels of bad cholesterol;
6. Whole wheat pastas
Yes! Spaghetti, linguine, farfalle,
Give pasta a chance, in smaller portions
And especially when paired with a plethora of vegetables,
Like this vegan recipe from Vegan Miam.
7. Black beans
Black beans are classified as legumes,
They're easy to make, and chock full of protein, fiber, and iron,
They also contain many minerals important in building
And maintaining bone structure and strength,
And contain selenium, which plays a role in liver enzyme function
And helps to detoxify cancer causing compounds in the body;
8. Apples
Apples are one of the best sources of carbs you can eat,
Since they contain large amounts of pectin,
Which helps keep you feeling full, as well as
Vitamin C and potassium, They're also rich in natural sugars,
Which digest more slowly than those found in processed foods;
9. Chickpeas
Chickpeas are particularly high in fiber and are loaded
With health-building and bone-building minerals,
Including vitamin K, phosphate, and calcium,
These orange chickpeas from Plant Based Jane
Are a special favorite of mine;
10. Pears
Pears offer a large dose of potassium,
Vitamin C, magnesium, and fiber,
They're decadently sweet and aid in cleansing the digestive tract,
Try adding them to a smoothie, like in this recipe:
Ingredients:
1 cup kale leaves, ribs removed (about 3.5 oz.)
1/2 medium pear
1/2 medium banana
1 tbsp. almond butter
1 cup unsweetened almond milk
Directions:
Combine all ingredients and blend in a high-speed blender until smooth;
11. Bananas
Bananas are versatile as well as portable,
They can also help relieve inflammation,
Nausea, stomach ulcers, depression, and even anxiety;
12. Sweet potatoes
A member of the squash family, sweet potatoes
Are a crowd favorite
And an excellent source of
Vitamin C, magnesium, vitamin B-6, and fiber,
They're low on the glycemic index
And can work wonderfully as either a side or a main dish,
Like in this recipe from One Green Planet
For a sweet potato stuffed with roasted chickpeas;
So, the next time someone tells you that carbs are the enemy,
Drop some knowledge on them!
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 21 December,2017Chain like verse is chain verse
This may not properly noise,
Here words are used one after another as bead
Where needle and thread are needed to fit,
Also need arrangements in sequence
And there are some rhymes.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -Muzahidul Reza
The Following Pieces Of Information Are Collected:
* a series of (usually metal)rings or links fitted into one another to make a flexible ligament
*a necklace made by a stringing objects together; "a string of beads" or "a strand of pearls"
*anything that acts as a restraint
*metal shackles; for hands or legs
*a number of similar establishments (stores or restaurants or banks or hotels or theaters)under one ownership
*a series of things depending on each other as if linked together; "the chain of command"; "a complicated concatenation of circumstances"
*a series of linked atoms (generally in an organic molecule)
*a series of hills or mountains; "the valley was between two ranges of hills"; "the plains lay just beyond the mountain range"
*British biochemist (born in Germany)who isolated and purified penicillin, which had been discovered in 1928 by Sir Alexander Fleming (1906-1979)
*a unit of length
*fasten or secure with chains; "Chain the chairs together"
*connect or arrange into a chain by linking.
A Quatrain is a poem consisting of four lines of verse with a specific rhyming scheme. For this contest I am going to ask you to write four stanzas with the rhyme scheme... aaba, bbcb, ccdc, dddd. This is one example of a chain rhyme.
The linking together of stanzas by carrying a rhyme over from one stanza to the next. A number of verse forms use chain rhyme as an integral part of their structures. One example is terza rima, which is written in tercets with a rhyming pattern a-b-a, b-c-b, c-d-c. Another is the virelai ancien, which rhymes a-a-b-a-a-b, b-b-c-b-b-c, c-c-d-c-c-d. Other verse forms may also use chain rhyme. For instance, quatrains can be written to the following pattern: a-a-b-a, b-b-c-b, c-c-d-c.
Also cane be written with the rhyme schemes, abab, cdcd, efef, ghgh, or any of these rhymes in sevsral stanzas.
Also can be composed in one of the following three ways:
* Chain Verse is composed:
With the last word or syllable of one line repeated
in the beginning of the next line.
* Chain Verse is composed:
In stanza styles, most often written in any number of quatrains.
But any stanza form will do, linked by repeating the last word of a stanza
as the first word of the next stanza.
The repetition of a word from one verse or stanza to the next creates a chain-like link
usual rhyme, linking rhyme or alternate rhyme;
often syllabic, alternating longer-shorter lines.
One example is alternating 8-7-8-7 syllables,
the other is alternating 6-5-6-5 syllables per line.
* Chain Verse is composed:
With the last line of the stanza repeated
as the first line of the next stanza;
For the readers I included these
In this Chance Operations.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │25 January,2018A thing of beauty is a joy forever,
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - John Keats
Had he been alive by now!
Would have shared my flower.
For Chance Operations
There are some potions.
- - - - - - - - - - - Muzahidul Reza
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │22 January,2018Ever felt your brain a little sluggish a little while after eating sugar or a giant meal? You are probably feeling the effects of a sugar crash, which, new research shows, really can slow down your cognitive function.
In a double-blind, placebo-controlled study, participants demonstrated a delay in completing cognitive tasks after consuming glucose or table sugar, compared to participants that consumed fructose (fruit sugar)or artificial sweetener sucralose (the placebo) . And fasting beforehand heightened this effect.
"I am fascinated by how our senses influence our behaviour and affect our everyday lives, " said author Mei Peng of University of Otago. "In particular, how sugar consumption might change the way our brains work. In the case of sweetness perception, we have evolved to favour this taste."
Much research has gone into the effect glucose has on cognitive function. For people of all ages, the substance seems to have,
But tests on other cognitive functions, such as reaction time, attention, face recognition and working memory have returned, the study authors said, mixed results.
The effects of other sugars, such as fructose and sucrose, on cognitive function, are not as well understood. This is important because they are metabolised differently - fructose does not cross the blood-brain barrier as glucose does, but is metabolised in the liver, and sucrose is broken down into fructose and glucose, which are metabolised via their own pathways.
To determine the comparative effects of glucose, sucrose and fructose, the researchers recruited 49 college participants.
Over 16 weeks, these participants were divided into groups, and attended the same testing session every week for four weeks before changing groups. They did not know which group they were in. Some participants were instructed to fast for 10 hours prior to the test.
They were then given a drink which contained either glucose, sucrose, fructose or the placebo sucralose. After a 20-minute interval, they were given cognitive function tests - the same test, with the same questions in the same order for all participants.
These were designed to testinformation processing, executive function, and selective attention, all of which are associated with the prefrontal lobe. Their blood glucose levels were also measured with a finger prick test.
The test results showed that the participants who consumed glucose and sucrose were slower by a mean of up to 200 milliseconds, or 0.2 seconds, in answering questions. That may not sound like much, but given the highest mean was 921 milliseconds, it's a good percentage of the overall response time.
This suggests that there is such a thing as a "sugar coma" - at least for certain types of sugar - and that this is an area that requires further research.
"While the sample size is relatively small, the effect we observe is substantial, "
"Future research should further quantify how different brain regions change after sugar consumption - by using neuroimaging techniques. This will help us better understand how attention deficits arise after glucose consumption."
The research has been published in the journal.To avoid fever-reducing medications like acetaminophen
Or ibuprofen - or when you just don't have any handy -
You can try a non-medical approach to lowering your fever;
Reducing your fever doesn't help
To cure the underlying illness or problem;
And a fever can actually help
Your body fight off an infection;
But if a temperature climbs high enough
To make you really uncomfortable or dehydrated,
Lowering the fever can help;
Here are some methods to try:
Place a cool, damp washcloth on your forehead while resting,
Take a lukewarm tub bath or a sponge bath,
As the water evaporates from your skin,
It will cool you and bring you temperature down,
on't use cold water,
It can make you shiver and cause your body temperature to rise,
Likewise, don't use rubbing alcohol
It is an old-fashioned fever remedy;
It can cause a temperature spike
And possibly even alcohol poisoning;
Offer you plenty of fluids and chilled foods,
Such as ice pops and yogurt,
To help cool the body from the inside out and keep you hydrated;
Use a fan, Again, you don't want to be chilled,
Keep the fan at a low setting and have it circulate the air
Around you rather than blow directly on you;
Remove layers of clothing so you can lose heat
More easily through your skin,
Dress in one light layer,
If you are shivering, take a light blanket until you are warm again;
Stay indoors in a cool place,
Or, if you're outside, stay in the shade;
Call the doctor right away
If the patient is younger than 3 months old and has a fever,
For a baby 3 to 5 months old, call the doctor
If temperature reaches 101 degrees or higher,
Once the patient is 6 months old,
Call if fever reaches 102 degrees or more;
No matter of age,
Call the doctor if patient has a fever
Along with other serious symptoms,
Like difficulty breathing or purple spots on her skin;
These can be a sign of a serious bacterial infection;
To help the patient with cold and flu symptoms other than fever,
Check out some more if know for soothing a patient.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 19 December,2017On a day in early autumn 2017, beside our village home
At noon,
In the grey-green field I stood
A photographer took some of my photographs,
Printing out soon
Gave me the one.
Leaves were not falling yet in my country
Fields were full of green-golden crops
Farmers were singing and gossiping while taking care of their crops;
White patched clouds seen around the sky
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza| 1 December,2017Are you prone to catching an irritating cold
Or, worse yet,
A dose of the flu this time of year?
I'll show you simple ways you can lift your immunity
And keep yourself out of quarantine this winter,
Including yoga moves specifically geared toward the chilly season.
I'll also take thorough looks at the pros, and potential cons
Of barley water and the growing world of microgreens;
There's a lot you can do to avoid
Falling ill during these frosty months
I have got easy tips on staying healthy,
From getting enough sleep to sipping green tea;
Barley water's popularity and availability is on the rise,
But does it live up to the hype?
I'll dive into its health benefits and potential side effects;
With less calories and more nutrients
Per serving than their larger counterparts,
Microgreens are the vegetables of the future,
Here's how to grow and enjoy them;
Does hitting the gym seem too much
Of a task throughout the year's coldest weeks?
Yoga expert Blair Flynn has a routine to help
Keep yourself fit and limber this winter.
You can also take garlic simply or with food,
Green chilies are also helpful for these cases,
And more effective remedies if you know.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 19 December,2017The Buzzing Of The Bees (Chance Operations)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
The gentle sound of bees buzzing among the flowers
A favorite sound of summer,
But why do bees buzz?
And how do they make that buzzing sound?
Of course, we can't get into the minds of bees!
But by observing their behaviors
We can make a few guesses;
I look into this subject
Using some of my favorite books about bees
As it is a question
I have been asked whilst giving my talks;
I found that theories and ideas had changed over time
No surprise there
History shows we form ideas about a thing
Only to learn more
And change our minds later;
Firstly, buzzing is of course, commonly heard
When bees are simply flying
During which time, the wings are vibrating very fast,
But bees will also buzz at other times
And the tone of the buzzing may alter.
One example is
They seem to buzz more aggressively
If their nests are disturbed
Or if they are disrupted during foraging;
They will also buzz more aggressively
If attacked or
Defending themselves from predators
Or during conflict with other members of the colony
As the queen bee;
Of course, bees buzz from flower to flower
But whilst foraging, for a few seconds
They tend to remain quiet;
Not so during buzz pollination
The anthers of some flowers, i.e., the parts carrying the pollen
Only release their pollen if they are shaken,
Bumblebees achieve this
By placing the upper part of their body, thorax
Close to the anthers
Then vibrating their flight muscles very fast;
At the same time, they make a lovely buzzing sound
Buzz pollination is especially beneficial for tomatoes
And other fruits
Resulting in a more abundant crops;
One particular type of high-pitched buzzing sound
Made by honey bees is called 'piping',
Piping occurs directly prior to swarming
But can also occur during the disturbance of a hive;
There are differing views
About which bees in the honey bee colony
Initiate the piping prior to swarming;
Sometimes, the queen starts buzzing first state
Then the piping begins
With a small group of experienced forager bees
Called 'nest-site scouts'
Who produce a "piping-signal"
That primes the workers for swarming;
Again, when honey bees 'waggle dance'
To communicate the locations of food
Flowers upon which to forage
To other members of the colony,
It is not only the movements of the honey bee,
But also the buzzing sounds made,
That convey the whereabouts of the forage sources;
Also the noise may cause by air passing
Over the edge of a membrane
In tiny holes in the segments of the abdomen,
(These holes are called spiracles) :
Anyway, the wings are involved making buzzing
The buzzing sound made by bumblebees
Which is at least greatly amplified
By the vibration of the wing membranes.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │10 February,2018The Chance Operations Of Short History And Features Of The World Literature Into Verse Paragraph
20 January, 2019
World literature is sometimes used to refer to the sum total of the world's national literatures, but usually it refers to the circulation of works into the wider world beyond their country of origin. Often used in the past primarily for masterpieces of Western European literature, world literature today is increasingly seen in global context. Readers today have access to an unprecedented range of works from around the world in excellent translations, and since the mid-1990s a lively debate has grown up concerning both the aesthetic and the political values and limitations of an emphasis on global processes over national traditions.
History:
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe used the concept of Weltliteratur in several of his essays in the early decades of the nineteenth century to describe the international circulation and reception of literary works in Europe, including works of non-Western origin. The concept achieved wide currency after his disciple Johann Peter Eckermann published a collection of conversations with Goethe in 1835.Goethe spoke with Eckermann about the excitement of reading Chinese novels and Persian and Serbian poetry as well as of his fascination with seeing how his own works were translated and discussed abroad, especially in France. In a famous statement in January 1827, Goethe predicted to Eckermann that in the coming years world literature would supplant the national literatures as the major mode of literary creativity:
I am more and more convinced that poetry is the universal possession of mankind, revealing itself everywhere and at all times in hundreds and hundreds of men.... I therefore like to look about me in foreign nations, and advise everyone to do the same. National literature is now a rather unmeaning term; the epoch of world literature is at hand, and everyone must strive to hasten its approach.
Reflecting a fundamentally economic understanding of world literature as a process of trade and exchange, Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels used the term in their Communist Manifesto (1848)to describe the "cosmopolitan character" of bourgeois literary production, asserting that;
In place of the old wants, satisfied by the productions of the country, we find new wants, requiring for their satisfaction the products of distant lands and climates.... And as in material, so also in intellectual production. The intellectual creations of individual nations become common property. National one-sidedness and narrow-mindedness become more and more impossible, and from the numerous national and local literatures, there arises a world literature.
Martin Puchner has argued that Goethe had a keen sense of world literature as driven by a new world market in literature. It was this market-based approach that Marx and Engels pick up in 1848. But while the two authors admire the world literature created by bourgeois capitalism, they also seek to exceed it. They hoped to create a new type of world literature, one exemplified by the Manifesto, which was to be published simultaneously in many languages and several locations. This text was supposed to inaugurate a new type of world literature and in fact partially succeeded, becoming one of the most influential texts of the twentieth century.
Whereas Marx and Engels followed Goethe in seeing world literature as a modern or even future phenomenon, in 1886 the Irish scholar H. M. Posnett argued that world literature first arose in ancient empires such as the Roman Empire, long before the rise of the modern national literatures.Certainly today, world literature is understood as including classical works from all periods, as well as contemporary literature written for a global audience. By the turn of the twentieth century, intellectuals in various parts of the globe were thinking actively about world literature as a frame for their own national production, a theme found in essays by several of the progressive writers of China's May Fourth movement, including Lu Xun.
Contemporary Understandings:
Over the course of the nineteenth century and well into the twentieth, the rising tide of nationalism led to an eclipse of interest in world literature, but in the postwar era, comparative and world literature began to enjoy a resurgence in the United States. As a nation of immigrants, and with a less well established national tradition than many older countries possessed, the United States became a thriving site for the study of comparative literature (often primarily at the graduate level)and of world literature, often taught as a first-year general education class. The focus remained largely on the Greek and Roman classics and the literatures of the major modern Western European powers, but a confluence of factors in the late 1980s and early 1990s led to a greater openness to the wider world. The end of the Cold War, the growing globalization of the world economy, and new waves of immigration from many parts of the world led to several efforts to open out the study of world literature. This change is well illustrated by the expansion of The Norton Anthology of World Masterpieces, whose first edition of 1956 featured only Western European and North American works, to a new "expanded edition" of 1995 with substantial non-Western selections, and with the title changed from "masterpieces" to the less exclusive "Literature". The major survey anthologies today, including those published by Longman and by Bedford in addition to Norton, all showcase several hundred authors from dozens of countries.
The explosive growth in the range of cultures studied under the rubric of world literature has inspired a variety of theoretical attempts to define and delimit the field and to propose effective modes of research and teaching. In his 2003 book What Is World Literature? David Damrosch argued for world literature as less a vast canon of works and more a matter of circulation and reception, and he proposed that works that thrive as world literature are ones that work well and even gain in various ways in translation. Whereas Damrosch's approach remains tied to the close reading of individual works, a very different view was taken by the Stanford critic Franco Moretti in a pair of articles offering "Conjectures on World Literature". Moretti argued that the scale of world literature far exceeds what can be grasped by traditional methods of close reading, and he advocated instead a mode of "distant reading" that would look at large-scale patterns as discerned from publication records and national literary histories, enabling one to trace the global sweep of forms such as the novel or film.
Moretti's approach combined elements of evolutionary theory with the world-systems analysis pioneered by Immanuel Wallerstein, an approach further discussed since then by Emily Apter in her influential book The Translation Zone. Related to their world-systems approach is the major work of French critic Pascale Casanova, La République mondiale des lettres (1999) .Drawing on the theories of cultural production developed by the sociologist Pierre Bourdieu, Casanova explores the ways in which the works of peripheral writers must circulate into metropolitan centers in order to achieve recognition as works of world literature. Both Moretti and Casanova emphasize the inequalities of the global literary field, which Moretti describes as "one, but unequal".
The field of world literature continues to generate debate, with critics such as Gayatri Chakravorty Spivak arguing that too often the study of world literature in translation smooths out both the linguistic richness of the original and the political force a work can have in its original context.Other scholars, on the contrary, emphasize that world literature can and should be studied with close attention to original languages and contexts, even as works take on new dimensions and new meanings abroad. Once a primarily European and American concern, world literature is now actively studied and discussed in many parts of the world. World literature series are now being published in China and in Estonia, and a new Institute for World Literature, offering month-long summer sessions on theory and pedagogy, had its inaugural session at Peking University in 2011, with its next sessions at Istanbul Bilgi University in 2012 and at Harvard University in 2013. Since the middle of the first decade of the new century, a steady stream of works has provided materials for the study of the history of world literature and the current debates. Valuable collections of essays include:
Manfred Schmeling, World Literature Heute (1995)
Christopher Prendergast, Debating World Literature (2004)
David Damrosch, Teaching World Literature (2009)
Theo D'haen's co-edited collections The Routledge Companion to World Literature (2011) and
World Literature: A Reader (2012) .
Individual Studies Include:
Moretti, Maps, Graphs, Trees (2005)
John Pizer, The Idea of World Literature (2006) ,
Mads Rosendahl Thomsen, Mapping World Literature (200) ,
Theo D'haen, The Routledge Concise History of World Literature (2011)
Tötösy de Zepetnek, Steven, and Tutun Mukherjee, eds. Companion to Comparative Literature, World Literatures, and Comparative Cultural Studies (2013) .
On The Internet:
The World Wide Web provides in many ways the logical medium for the global circulation of world literature, and many websites now enable readers around the world to sample the world's literary productions. The website Words Without Borders offers a wide selection of fiction and poetry from around the world, and the Annenberg Foundation has created an ambitious thirteen-part DVD/web series produced by Boston's public television station WGBH, "Invitation to World Literature." The major survey anthologies all have extensive websites, providing background information, images, and links to resources on many authors. Finally, globally oriented authors themselves are increasingly creating work for the internet. The Serbian experimentalist Milorad Pavić (1929-2009)was an early proponent of the possibilities of electronic modes of creation and reading, as can be seen on his website. Though Pavić remained primarily a print-based writer, the Korean/American duo known as Young-hae Chang Heavy Industries create their works entirely for internet distribution, often in several languages.World literature today exists in symbiosis with national literatures, enabling writers in small countries to reach out to global audiences, and helping readers around the world gain a better sense of the world around them as it has been reflected and refracted in the world's literatures over the past five millennia.
Classics:
What texts count as world literature is debatable. While some argue that a work's exemplary artistic value and influence allow it to enter the canon of world literature, many scholars of world literature point out that literary quality is not inherent nor influence universal or lasting; rather, standards of quality are relative and vary among communities and across space and time. As the scholar David Damrosch writes, "Over the centuries, an unusually shifty work can come in and out of the sphere of world literature several different times; and at any given point, a work may function as world literature for some readers but not others, and for some kinds of reading but not others. The shifts a work may undergo, moreover, do not reflect the unfolding of some internal logic of the work in itself but come about through often complex dynamics of cultural change and contestation. Very few works secure a quick and permanent place in the limited company of perennial World Masterpieces; most works shift around over time, even moving into and out of the category of 'the masterpiece.'"
Thus, rather than gauge a work's worthiness as world literature on its inherent quality or lasting influence, many scholars assert that what makes a work world literature is merely its circulation beyond its country of origin. For example, Damrosch states, "A work enters into world literature by a double process: first, by being read as literature; second, by circulating out into a broader world beyond its linguistic and cultural point of origin."[12] Likewise, the world literature scholar Venkat Mani argues that the "worlding" of literature is brought about by "information transfer" largely generated by developments in print culture, specifically the advent of the library: "Publishers and booksellers who print and sell affordable books, literate citizens who acquire these books, and public libraries that make these books available to those who cannot afford to buy them collectively play a very important role in the "making" of world literature." Readers then will have to decide for themselves on what counts as world literature and whether that status is determined by the work itself or larger social forces at work on it.The Chance Operations Of The World Literature Into A Verse Paragraph
10 January, 2019
In the attempt to define the term 'literature', one can distinguish between two general directions: a broad and a narrow definition. The broad definition incorporates everything that has been written down in some form or another, i.e., all the written manifestations of a culture (hence, there are terms such as 'research literature', 'the literature on civil rights', etc.) . Needless to say that such a broad definition is problematic as it does not really facilitate communication about the topic. Furthermore, this concept neglects the fact that in many cultures in the past and for a number of indigenous peoples today, literature has not been captured in written media but has been passed down in a long oral tradition of storytelling, myths, ritual speeches, etc. Attempts to come up with a narrow definition have, however, led to such a diversity of approaches that one can hardly talk about 'the' narrow definition. Nevertheless, it is possible to sift out some of the criteria scholars have applied in order to demarcate 'literary texts' from 'non-literary texts'. These criteria include:
• fictionality
• specialised language
• lack of pragmatic function
• ambiguity.
Fictionality
One characteristic feature of literary texts arguably is their fictionality. People usually agree that literary texts, even if they attempt to represent reality in some form or another, are ultimately products of a writer's imagination and that at least the characters and their conversations are fictitious. Thus, some of the characters in Sir Walter Scott's historical novels for example, are pure inventions although they are situated in authentic historical contexts, and they have fictitious conversations with historical figures who actually existed. On the other hand, texts that are normally read as non-fiction, like a reportage, often display features that remind one of literature. Consider the following example:
Sesca Rompas climbed on to a plastic stool and peered through a dirty window at her brother, Aldo Kansil, lying motionless in a bed below. He was a pitiful sight: two drips attached, arms swathed in bandages, his face an angry mosaic of burns.
Taken out of its context, it is difficult to decide what type of text this is. If one looks at the way this passage is written, one can easily imagine this to be the beginning of a novel. First, it is a descriptive passage which introduces a certain setting: The window is dirty and so high up that the woman needs a plastic stool to be able to peep through it. The brother's desolate state is captured in epithets describing his motionless, afflicted body. Secondly, characters are introduced and a mini plot is elaborated: A woman called Sesca Rompas visits her brother, Aldo Kansil, who is in hospital. Just like the beginnings of novels, this text passage is written in such a way as to urge the reader to read on and to find out more, e.g., who are these people, why is the brother in hospital, what happened? Moreover, the language used is reminiscent of literary texts. We can identify rhetorical devices such as alliteration ("bed below") , metaphor ("angry mosaic of burns") , asyndeton and ellipsis ("two drips attached, arms swathed in bandages […]") . In other words: The text uses embellishments to present a specific ‘storyworld' and to attract the reader's attention. And yet, these are in fact the opening lines of a newspaper article (The Independent,16 October 2002)which deals with the victims of a Balinese bomb attack. With this information in mind, we suddenly stop regarding this text as fiction: We take it for granted that the people described here are real and that the events related in the text are also real.
What does this example tell us? First of all, we can say that the boundaries between ‘fact' and ‘fiction' are often blurred and by no means always identifiable. More importantly, whether a text is fictional or not, is perhaps less the consequence of some inherent quality of the text but of a reader's attitude towards it. If I know the text above is from a newspaper I automatically assume that the ‘story' must be real. By contrast, if this had been the beginning of a novel, I would undoubtedly have classified these characters and the setting as fictitious. In other words: We as readers are conditioned through education and cultural norms to approach texts in certain ways. In this view, fictionality is no longer an inherent feature of literary texts but part of our expectations of what a literary text should be like. Likewise, literary language is partly determined by the fact that we want to read it as ‘literary'. This will be explored in the following section.
Specialised Language
People often say that literary language is ‘special' and that it differs considerably from normal everyday language. The linguist Roman Jakobson spoke of the poetic function of literary texts in his essay "Linguistics and Poetics: Closing Statement" (1960) , i.e., the fact that literary texts draw attention to the language they employ. As the Russian Formalists maintained in the early twentieth century, literary texts make use of language in such a way that it becomes strange and unfamiliar in a given context. They called this process defamiliarisation. The following example from Charles Dickens' novel Bleak House illustrates this process:
Foot passengers, jostling one another's umbrellas, in a general infection of ill-temper, and losing their foot-hold at street-corners, where tens of thousands of other foot passengers have been slipping and sliding since the day broke (if this day ever broke) , adding new deposits to the crust upon crust of mud, sticking at those points tenaciously to the pavement, and accumulating at compound interest. (Dickens, Bleak House, ch.1)
The way the bad November weather in London is described here has hardly anything to do with the way people would normally talk about the weather. One thing is particularly conspicuous: the blending of a description of natural phenomena ("mud", bad weather)with the jargon of the world of finance ("deposits", "accumulating", "compound interest") . By combining these two areas, the words are taken out of their usual context and put into another one, which thus becomes ‘new' and ‘unfamiliar' to the reader. We are attracted by this strange linguistic description and we start to wonder why such language is used here. One explanation might be that London as one of the financial centres in the mid-nineteenth century has become so immersed in its business that even nature participates in it and is no longer ‘natural'.
One area where the ‘literariness' of language seems to be particularly obvious is poetry. Poetry is often marked by a conspicuous shape (lines, stanzas, etc.) , a dense structure (thematically and linguistically) , specific prosodic features and rhetorical devices. Now, as the example above from The Independent shows, even non-literary texts frequently use rhetorical devices and certain patterns to arouse the readers' interest. Still, we do not necessarily classify them as literature. We do not, for example, consider a telephone directory a literary text although it is indeed extremely structured and ordered in a special way. Nor do we regard the above-mentioned newspaper article a poem, for example. And yet, is this really because the language in this article does not qualify for poetry or because we are simply not used to looking at newspaper articles in such a way? Consider the following sentence from the same article:
Just around the corner, an anxious-looking couple were standing close together, clutching plastic bags.
At first sight, this looks like a ‘normal' sentence. There is nothing conspicuous about the words or the sentence structure. What happens if one pays attention to the rhythm of this sentence and displays it accordingly?
Just around the corner,
An anxious-looking couple
Were standing close together,
Clutching plastic bags.
All of a sudden, one realises that the sentence actually follows a regular metrical pattern, namely a trimeter with alternating stressed and unstressed syllables. Does that make the sentence poetic? Again, one can see that the line between literary and non-literary language is a very fine one and that the decision whether a text is literary or not largely depends on the way we look at the text and perceive its language. A lot of contemporary poetry plays with our alleged ‘knowledge' of the literariness of texts. Have a look at the following "Found Poem" by Ronald Gross:
All too often, humans who sit and stand
Pay the price of vertical posture. Sitting
And standing combine with the force of gravity,
Exerting extra pressure on veins and tissues
In and around the rectal area.
Painful, burning hemorrhoids result.
The first thought of many sufferers
Is to relieve their pain and their discomfort.
Products, however, often used for this
Contain no anesthetic drug at all, or one
Too weak to give the needed pain relief,
Or only lubricate. But now, at last
There is a formulation which provides
Pain-killing power, prolonged relief, on contact.
(Gross, Open Poetry)
Although this text must originally have been an advert for anti-hemorrhoids medication, we can now read its language as literary language and thus perceive the text as a piece of literature simply because it has been transformed by means of formalisation and re-arrangement. Trained readers of literature may even identify this text as a sonnet because it follows the structural convention of fourteen lines with an octave and a sestet (here presented as two tercets) . What this example also shows is that the way we read texts depends very much on the context in which we read them. If we had read this text on an information leaflet we would never have dreamed of looking at it as poetry and paying closer attention to its language. As soon as it appears in the guise of a sonnet, however, our reading practice also changes and we can start treating it as ‘literary', e.g., by attempting an interpretation. This leads us to the next criterion often mentioned in discussions of literary texts, namely their lack of a pragmatic function.
Lack of Pragmatic Function
Undoubtedly, texts derive their meaning partly from their context. I read a novel as a novel because it is presented in a certain way (bound, with a title on the front page, sometimes the word ‘novel' in the subtitle, and a plot summary as well as commentary on the back cover) . Moreover, I use the novel as a novel and not as a cookery book, a newspaper or an encyclopaedia of garden plants, for example. Why is that? One might argue that these texts, in contrast to literary texts, have a definite pragmatic function, i.e., they are written and used for a specific purpose, e.g., to assist with the cooking or gardening or, generally, to inform the reader. A piece of literary writing, on the other hand, need not have been intended by the author for any specific purpose. It sometimes seems as though literature was just written into time and space, to nobody in particular and without any function.
Nevertheless, it would be a mistake to take that as a basic rule. Even literary texts do have a purpose, e.g., to criticise, to educate or even just to entertain. The fact that authors like Salman Rushdie, for example, are persecuted by political and religious groups shows that something must be attributed to their writings which other people consider dangerous or at least influential in some way or another. While non-literary texts may have a more clearly defined and generally agreed-upon function, literary texts can have a range of purposes which again depend on the reader. Thus, I can read a book simply to have a good laugh or, for that matter, a good cry, or I draw analogies with my own life and try to gain consolation or advice from the text. The text as such may not necessarily tell me how I have to use it but the reading practices I have been taught in school, at university, etc. will certainly influence my approach to texts. In other words: Even if we claim that a literary text has no immediate pragmatic function, we usually start to ascribe one to it in our usage or treatment of that text. While non-literary texts seem to have an inherent pragmatic function, i.e., they were ‘born' to be a telephone book, a time-table, a women's magazine, etc., literary texts gain their more specific and possibly individual pragmatic function in the reading process.
Ambiguity
People generally accept the view that literary texts are far more ambiguous and thus often more complicated than non-literary texts. If one reads a recipe, for example, or a time-table or an instruction manual, the meaning expressed in these texts is presumed to be more or less fixed and not open to interpretation. In fact, these texts must not be open to interpretation because then they just would not ‘work'. A time-table has to be precise in order for people to be able to rely on it. And ten people using the same recipe for carrot cake should reach approximately the same result by following the step-by-step instructions.
This is certainly not the case if these ten people read a novel, for example. As classroom discussions show, different students can come up with rather different interpretations of what a specific literary text ‘means' or what it tries to convey. This is also reflected in the vast amount of divergent critical interpretations of literary texts published over the years. So what is it that makes literary texts so ambiguous? For one thing, there is obviously the ‘human factor': When we read a text we usually bring to bear on it certain expectations and interests, and inevitably we start looking for exactly those things that seem relevant to us. Thus, for example, Christina Rossetti's long poem Goblin Market can be interpreted as a simple fairytale, as a hymn in praise of sisterly devotion, as a poem restating the biblical concepts of sin and redemption, as the indirect expression of repressed sexual fantasies, or indeed as a combination of all of these facets at the same time. No matter which interpretation one favours, one can find evidence for all of them in the text if one only searches through it thoroughly. This example illustrates that literary texts indeed must have some quality which makes them more ‘open' than non-literary texts. One can say that literary texts always express meaning on different levels or in different layers. In other words: They express something beyond their literal ‘meaning', and these other layers of meaning can be explored by attentive reading and analysis. It is a bit like archaeology: the deeper one digs the more interesting one's findings are likely to be. At the same time, one needs suitable equipment for ‘digging out' hidden meanings. That is where literary studies become important and where the fun begins once one has mastered the tools at hand.Wonderful Birds Flamingo (Chance Operations)
February 13, 2019
Flamingo, a large colorful bird
In South America and Africa well found
In the warmer areas of southern Europe and western Asia is also seen
Yet it is not an uncommon bird
Phoenicopteridae is its scientific name;
It stays in flocks of up to around 200 birds
Feeds on fish in stiller rivers and lakes
It normally gets to about 30 years old
Some also get 50 years;
Most species of flamingo are a pinky/orange colour,
Some however can be white, black or even blue.
The colour of the flamingo comes from
The flamingo eating a type of algae that Then turns the flamingo into the bright pink birdthat
We are so familiar with.
The flamingo is often seen on the banks of the lake
Standing on one leg.
The flamingo is actually sleeping
When it is on one leg but the strange thing is
That only half of the flamingo is actually asleep
The half that contains the leg still standing remains active.
The flamingo then swaps over
So that the remaining side can get some rest and The side that was sleeping becomes active again.
There are six different species of flamingo found around the world.
The different flamingo species are the greater flamingo
Which is the most widespread species of flamingo
Found in Africa, Southern Europe and Southern Asia.
The lesser flamingo is the most numerous species
Of flamingo and is found in Africa and Northern India.
The Chilean flamingo is a large species of flamingo that is found in South America.
The James's flamingo is a small and delicate species of flamingo
That is found in the Andes mountains in Peru,
Chile, Bolivia and Argentina.
The Andean flamingo is closely related to the James's flamingo
And is also found in the Andes mountains in Peru, Chile, Bolivia
And Argentina.
The American flamingo is a large species of flamingo that is found in the Caribbean islands and the Galapagos islands.
Flamingos use their large,
Oddly shaped beaks to filter shrimp out of the water.
The flamingo uses it's strangely shaped upside-down beak to separate mud and food in the water.
The mouth of the flamingo is covered in little hairs called lamellae
Which assist in the filtering of water and the flamingo
Also has a rough tongue
Which the flamingo also uses to help it to filter food
Out of the water.
Although flamingos only nest once a year,
Flamingo colonies are known to breed at any time of the year.
A flamingo reaches sexual maturity
Which means the flamingo is able to breed
When the flamingo is between 3 and 6 years old
Flamingos build their nests out of mud, stones
And feathers and do so about 6 weeks before they lay their eggs.
Flamingos tend to lay just one egg
That hatches after a 30 day incubation period. Both the mother flamingo and the father flamingo are known to help
To raise the flamingo chick
Flamingos have relatively few predators in the wild
But this is dependent on the area in which the flamingo inhabits.
Human hunters,
wild dogs and crocodiles are the main predators
Of the flamingo, along with eagles that prey upon the flamingo eggs
And vulnerable flamingo chicks.
Human beings should protect flamingos for keeping the environment well.I remember once while swimming with friend
To cross the local river to go to enjoy local band
Where we saw the singers sang hand in hand
In sweet voice, shaking body, hair, opening mind,
On the way home longitudinally in river we swam
All the while we gossiped and made lots of fun
Then we dove, caught fishes lately returned home
Many happy did return in every sun and moon,
Some say you are no more
How can I take it any more?
I offer them to share the fruits
If they give your proper news,
Yet I am waiting with the fruits
I'll feed you with my own hands
I will know your all conditions
My heart beat will be promoting.
What are happening around the world, society now?
Truth spoken mouths, right hands are chained anyhow,
Fire burns water at large, water vaporizes in thirst
Toads engulf venomous snakes, snakes but get lost;
Power holders say, 'Observe and listen everything
Live, leave or die you like but don't say anything
We have grasped the earth gradually and absolutely
Putting out lights we'll play death game in dark finally.'
The mysterious nature focuses the light of unknown
In the power of truth beauty in place and time both
Creation, destruction, origin of things and beings
With lots of evidence, imageries similes, legends,
Live examples, pictures, proverbs, experiments
The outputs are literature, history, logics, philosophy,
Geography, various sections of science, knowledge,
Once there was direct reflection of these branches
With the rising spirit in creativity, sensitivity, morality
Like fragrant in rhythmic life spread and surpassed
All that happiness sparkled in all as green as grass
The past disputes, misdeeds sunk in the Dead Sea
Spirituality, celestiality pervaded all hearts to please,
But a real patriot is rare seen
Whose birth is for the nations
To love, to lead the way to love
To save, to lead the way to save
Even in life danger
He thinks of other,
Not only for here
But for hereafter,
Some people may misunderstand
With patience them he tries guide,
He not only thinks of the country
And the nations
A multi virtues tree
But takes urgent care of it
Up to catch fruits
For all to enjoy the labored fruits
He is remembered
By all the nations especially.
Heaps of catkins branches
White clouds in sky valley
Message others to be fair fully,
A season only symbolizes
To teach others silently
As it can not speak totally,
Black clouds autumn fears
Black rulers that do magically
Being fair autumn sees fairfully.
The great poets are who spontaneously write their time
Their nature, environs, climate they live in;
Their lifestyles, feelings, manners, behaviors
To themselves, to servants and to all others;
Just When Definite Final Moment Shall Come
It Just Stand Behind All Of Us For All The Time
Between Us And It There Is No Any, Such Border
It Exactly Shall Come As Soon As It Does Get Order.
I am not going to forget myself
I am going to remember and find
Ever me in my country itself.
A man comes
A mission starts,
A man goes
A mission ends,
The outputs do affect
In life and after death.
You have showed
How cruel you are!
Having some weapons, poisons and powers;
You have not showed
How kind you are!
Having some kindness in true human corners;
The victims were
Half fed, energy less,
Weaponless, powerless and totally helpless;
You have caught
Those unprepared poor
As you were mighty lions, hyenas and tigers;
You are ever coward
Nonsense and barbarian
To kill thousands of men, women and children;
Your bestial power
Turning into helly fire
Have burned all with humans and their bowers;
You are going to dogs
Writing a barbarian history
In the light of modern lifeless civilized boundary.
He showed great sympathy from heart
For the harmless and little creatures
That was either at sorrow or in mirth
Accompanying with cares;
So they were seen at grave yard
In mourning on him for hours
Losing whom forever is my father.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 17 December,2017It's creeping slowly into my blood
This feeling of desolation and madness
Swirling inside my voids when I look at you
Confused as to why my mind is fantasizing
Why my body is materializing
Why my emotions are stabilizing...
Has this been here all along or just began?
Have I always longed for you or only now?
Did I wish for this forever or did it start today?
Was I supposed to take this forbidden step over you
Make that fateful choice into the unknown
Open myself to breaking completely again
With you I have no ideas
No where to run to
No place to hide...
So maybe I'll just lay my head on your shoulder
Or whisper that I'm looking at you
In a light that only now appeared to my eyes
And it's beautiful.Oh my it’s blistering hot. please, please stop.
I feel like I’m standing over a steaming pot.
Beads of sweat pouring down my face,
Inopportune times embarrassing place.
I’m fed up with this inward inferno.
Burning, burning from the inside out.
Wake  during the night soaking wet.
listless, tired, out of bed I get
How long will it last,10 years you say,
Oh no Lord, take this misery away.
Good news, good news, help on the way,
Books and products line the shelves today.
I sit and ponder about the women of yesteryear.
Why the mental institutions kept them there.
Menopause, a change of life,
educate yourself, eliminate the strife.A change is what everybody dreams and wants to see
The change we see – is it better or bad? It’s the question!
Every morning the colourful Sun rise is beautiful to see!
The singing birds inspire us to be free and happy in life!
The jolly good squirrels kindle us too to play as they do!
We can see crows and sparrows all around our houses!
We see beautiful clouds of colour changes at the Sunset,
Night sky full of countless Stars and Moon shining bright!
All these things are Nature at its best nobody can neglect!
Now those things we cannot see and enjoy anymore so!
Morning and evening twilights are beautifully all right;
Stars and Moon in the night times are as usual perfect.
But Nature on the Earth has changed without any doubt!
Farming lands have turned into Satellite towns around town;
Crows, sparrows have disappeared with the destruction of trees!
Farmers have come to towns to work as masons and mill workers;
Population, traffic, pollution have increased with food grain price!
Money is not enough to buy all people need as rain in summer!
Men drink and talk themselves and lie on the pavements;
At night it is common they sleep where dogs and pigs frequent;
All have become one according to socialism politics advocates!
Swine flu, bird flu and SARS are spreading the entire world now!
And Stars and Moon wink eyes at this big farce of society so!Now, a man in Oodnadatta
He grew fat, and he grew fatter,
Though he hardly had a thing to eat for dinner;
While a man in Booboorowie
Often sat and wondered how he
Could prevent himself from growing any thinner.
So the man from Oodnadatta
He came down to Booboorowie,
Where he rapidly grew flatter;
And the folk will tell you how he
Urged the man from Booboorowie
To go up to Oodnadatta -
Where he lived awhile, and now he
Is considerably fatter.I'm full of joy and richly blessed
Of Christ I'm never shy
I'll journey through this world as guest
Until the day I die
Though old, grey near worldly dead
The grave my flesh may see
But souls who've eaten Heaven's Bread
Will rise complete and free
Free of sin of eternal wrath
Free through innocent blood
Free to travel Christ's trodden path
And live the way I should
It's not too late to change your ways
Seek Jesus' help on high
Fix on Him your fervent gaze
Or least of all to try
For God can see a troubled soul
The heart of those still blind
Seeking someone to make them whole
Searching for peace of mind
God sees the filth that keeps us bound
Lost, through satanic lies
He sees who seek the higher ground
In righteousness to rise
He sees who kill, rape, cheat, connive
Deceivers greedy for gain
Liars, thieves believing to thrive
Hoping with Christ to reign
Only who turn to live anew
Washed clean in Heaven's Flame
As virgin bride God's chosen few
Receive The Bride-Groom's name......It is said that a four leafed clover
Brings good luck to those that find
In the middle summer I looked all over
For a magic leaf of four… a rare kind
Then one day I discovered a quad-leaf
Inconspicuously growing in the lawn
Good luck would mine… this was my belief
Tomorrow will improve starting at dawn
The next morning I brushed my teeth
Then splashed warm water on my face
I did not notice the cat beneath my feet
Tripped and fell with no time to brace
Standing with bruised knees I wondered
How can this happen, how is it possible?
What twist of chance caused this blunder?
In too much haste… I was accountable
Then I realized that maybe I was fortunate
It least I did not break my bones in the fall
Hope for luck, turned out to be a distraction
Maybe an uneventful day is the luckiest of all…
2/6/08Now the new chum loaded his three-nought-three,
It's a small-bore gun, but his hopes were big.
"I am fed to the teeth with old ewe," said he,
"And I might be able to shoot a pig."
And he trusted more to his nose than ear
To give him warning when pigs were near.
Out of his lair in the lignum dark.
Where the wild duck nests and the bilbie digs,
With a whoof and a snort and a kind of bark
There rose the father of all the pigs:
And a tiger would have walked wide of him
As he stropped his tusks on a leaning limb.
Then the new chum's three-nought-three gave tongue
Like a popgun fired in an opera bouffe:
But a pig that was old when the world was young
Is near as possible bullet-proof.
(The more you shoot him the less he dies,
Unless you catch him between the eyes.)
So the new chum saw it was up to him
To become extinct if he stopped to shoot;
So he made a leap for a gidgee limb
While the tusker narrowly missed his boot.
Then he found a fork, where he swayed in air
As he gripped the boughs like a native bear.
The pig sat silent and gaunt and grim
To wait and wait till his foe should fall:
For night and day were the same to him,
And home was any old place at all.
"I must wait," said he, "till this sportsman drops;
I could use his boots for a pair of strops."
The crows that watch from the distant blue
Came down to see what it all might mean;
An eaglehawk and a cockatoo
Bestowed their patronage on the scene.
Till a far-off boundary rider said
"I must have a look -- there is something dead."
Now the new chum sits at his Christmas fare
Of a dried-up chop from a tough old ewe.
Says he, "It's better than native bear
And nearly as tender as kangaroo.
An emu's egg I can masticate,
But pork," says he, "is the thing I hate."Autumnal winds caress my face
as summer's heated breeze expires.
The years have quickened in their pace,
foregoing my misplaced desires.
As winter lurks not far ahead
my memory drifts to warmer days,
where on a greener grass I tread
absorbing love's adoring rays.
Beneath the August moon we'd dance,
embracing 'til the blaze of dawn,
but violent gusts would steal my chance
and whisk away the dreams I'd drawn.
Through fallen leaves of yesteryears
I sift for blades of thriving hope,
to help me cool these caustic tears
and find the strength and will to cope.
For in the autumn of my life
is when I'll gain a peace within,
discarding weights of pain and strife
and letting reigns of joy begin.
Then when the days of fall conclude
and winter takes its turn on stage,
I know my soul will be renewed
as life records my final page.Sometimes I wake up hating the world
Caring for no one in it
Doing only what stress reviled
And ignoring what isn’t
Pain flows through my body
Quite often, frequently
Sulking becomes a hobby
And draws attention to me unpleasantly
Regretting my decisions
Wishing I were someone else
Somebody with vision
Anyone but myself
Hating everything about me
Wishing I were done
Leave my past behind me
And just, run
Hiding forever behind every tree
So I blend in with the shadows
Enabling you to see
How I scandal
Ripping at my hair
Pinching at my chest
Unable to bare
Till my last breath
Waiting for another place
Of which you can roam
Wishing for a teary face
When I'm gone
I’ll just let you know
You have no idea
The things I wish to let go
Are STILL right hereAs children of the universe
Our destination earth,
We ride upon the solar winds
Until the hour of birth
When scattered, weary travlers
Who've journeyed from afar
Begin their incarnation
On this cold and dying star;
What used to be so beautiful,
So vibrant green and blue
An oasis for the many
Has been wasted by the few,
What purpose in this torture
Of the motherhood of man?
What evil child will desecrate
His home because he can?
We've overstayed our welcome
It's time for us to leave
And after our destruction
Will no man be left to grieve?
Sweet children of the universe
With hearts so pure and free
Release this star from bondage
With love's celestial key!
Return these souls to heaven
Wrap this earth in slumber deep,
Awaken us with dreaming,
Let your love inside  us creep
Then as buds upon the branches
Of Life's tree on some spring morn'
We shall blossom into beauty
And this earth shall be reborn.To everything there is a season,
A time of gladness, grief and cheer,
Smiles of laughter, sadness of tears,
For every sunset there's a sunrise,
There is no rainbow without the rain,
No summer time without the spring,
Golden days and frosty nights,
Icy winds thoughout the days,
With winters newly fallen snows,
Whose years are like the seasons,
Let the future hold no doubt,
There'll come a change of scene,
With rain bound skies of hope and love,
I have seen your different faces,
Life is like the changing seasons,
Upward always climb,
As the seasons change as we.I grow,
I struggle,
I am not nurtured,
Nor cared for,
I learn the harsh lessons,
Of Life,
Alone.
Then,
Satisfied in my growth,
Having learnt my lessons,
I gain maturity,
I am ready,
For change.
I build walls,
Around myself,
To protect,
This change,
For change I must.
I hang,
Waiting patiently,
Change must occur,
For what else is left?
I push now,
I am impatient,
I have waited,
Long enough,
It is time.
I’ll show this world,
That I can survive.
One side of me,
Is exposed to the world,
Then another,
Slowly at first,
For I do not wish to shock,
Only to dazzle.
Released am I,
Free,
Free to show myself,
In all my glory,
In all my splendor.
For I have changed,
I am now,
Who I’m meant to be,
I am finally me.
So, fear not change,
It comes naturally,
Be brave,
Learn well,
And when,
The time comes,
Be free.i walk in clothes you don't like,
i hangout with friends you don't like,
why can't you just excpet the way i am,
i can't not change, its who i am,
this is who i am,
the person i am growing up to be,
don't you understand,
i am who i want to be,
can't you just let it go,
because this is who i am,
you can't change a thing.
you let her walk in skimpy clothes,
when all i want to wear is black,
she goes and dates older men,
when i only date guys my age and you still won't let it go.
you don't have to worry,
don't you want me to be happy?
if you do then let it be.
this is who i am,
the person i am growing up to be,
don't you understand,
i am who i want to be,
can't you just let it go,
because this is who i am,
you can't change a thing.For one ruined in love, the old status quo
Offers comfort of a kind tho' cold.
Suffering neglect, your heart is a wreck,
Yet one's vow demands payment of debt.
Honorbound to see old promises through,
Despite the cost and the loss, you do.
For years it's been wrong, and forever's so long,
Wanting to be held, to be known, to belong.
Chances to let go, to be free and to know
How good it feels as love flowers and grows
Have come and gone just as dusk chases dawn,
Like pretty dreams light a world dark and wan.
Change is a Chance taken - - not another need
Forsaken to spare one whose tight heart will bleed.
Don't fear that long leap o'er the abyss of trust,
Just close your eyes... life without love is but dust.We build but for change and for death,
To whom a like homage pay glory and shame;
For something must pass to give being to both.
All things are rounded by change, and are perishing—
Even the God-builded frame of the world.
The glories of life, as they shine,
But illumine a path to the gloom of the grave,
And the winter of shame is soon over and gone!
Of all we inherit, behold the inheritors!
Throned on the endless successions of Time.Change,
When change comes, it should enlighten the eye
Change is sometimes painful and especially when
without warning,
Leaving one wondering and questioning just why?
Regarding of the nature of a matter, in time change shall surely come
Most of the times there's a significant  purpose in change,
A long tough battle won.change!  change!  change!
everybody talkin' about change.
change your look,
change your luck,
change your politics,
change your religion...
change the country,
change the world....
change the day!
change your underwear!
loose change, pocket change,
winds of change, march for change....
but all real change begins within...
let's work on that,
and then everything else
will change in turn!The more that some Christians change, the more they remain the same,
For many people who claim to be saved, are only Christians in name.
Christianity is not simply a religion for man to deal with strife,
But it's God personally reaching down to man to offer him new life.
Change in one's life is not simply an option for each Child of God,
For we were commanded to leave behind the path we once had trod.
Although we live in the world, we're not to be of the world we're in,
For God's desire for us would be hindered if we get entangled in sin.
Christians are sealed by The Holy Spirit until the day of redemption,
You are then set apart for the work of The Lord, with no Exemption.
Our lives belong to God, as He purchased us with the blood of Christ,
Christ is where we place our trust, as we become a living sacrifice.
And it's to the patterns of this world we are not to be conformed,
Instead it's through the Word that renews, we are to be transformed.
For all in Christ, the old passes away as we become a New Creation,
And God, who has reconciled us, give us a ministry of reconciliation.
So our lives should now be used to reach others with God's Salvation,
It should be our compassion to reach every tribe, tongue and nation.
So today is the day to let The Lord inside and really make a change,
And just like John the Baptist my friend, you will never be the same.
(Copyright © 03/2003)When I was younger
I wanted to go out like Morrison.
Life lived at
break neck speed
Debauched
High
Dead in Paris
at age 28.
Nowadays
I just want to be
Tom Waits
Sat on a porch
with a glass of wine
in my hand
And my cat's
asleep at my feet.
It's funny,
as each passing year
drags you one step
closer to death
your priorities seem
to
change.Change is a God thing God
God teach me to become a better christian
God teach me to love youChange my heart O God
Make me a righteous person like You
Change my mind O God
Let me think wise in everything I do
Change my eyes O God
Give me a sight to see the light in You
Change my hands O God
Make me a fisher of man for You
Change my feet O God
Make me walk upright like You
Change my lips O God
And let me speak Your word of truth
Come and cleanse me O God
Make me whiter than the December snow
Come and forgive me O God
For all the wrong things I’ve done, and the lie words I’ve toldOh, how I love it
When I have a change of address
And I have to tell everybody
That I have just moved
And you have to leave
The friends that you have
But, you do find new ones
At your new addressMe, being me
I always wore
My heart
on my sleeve
But now...
no more.
I asked the assistant
if I could see
“...some new hearts
...please? ”
(that would suit
my change of heart) .
“Why, certainly sir! ”
(he smiled sycophantically) .
He showed me
a heart
“...in light pain.”
“Or, if Sir
may not mind me commenting
this deep purple pain
... suits you Sir! ”
“Don’t you have any
...in bright joy? ”
“Or at best
...partial happiness? ”
“Or at least
...contentment? ”
The assistant smirked:
“...at what one must assume
is Sir’s...little joke? ”
“Happiness is so...old hat! ”
“Happiness is...how you say
... so passé! ”
I left the shop
clutching an expensive
purple heart
knowing I would never
wear it
And that it would
hang in the wardrobe
Mocking
My predicament.
So, now
I don’t have a mind
to have a heart.
Get by
(somehow)
... without
...one.The Summer season gradually fades away,
Nature's way of bidding a humble farewell to all.
A change is seen as the leaves fade in unison
As the beautiful Autumn season comes to call.
September - the sounds in the garden are quiet now,
The song birds are no longer to be found.
Flying high up in the cloudy sky,
Many feathered friends are southward bound.
October - the trees are covered with tantalizing colors
Of red and gold and yellow and even brown,
And crimson, too, in a multitude of fashion
The leaves come wafting down.
November - fringed with frost and nippy cold,
The fading days of Autumn are everywhere.
A quiet state of melancholy days
With signs of a changing season in the air.
December - All of a sudden the winds of winter blow,
The falling snow begins to pile high.
We are delighted for the bounty Autumn has provided,
Uttering words of thank you - with an appreciative sigh.Change is hard
i try to change
Sorry im such a disapointment
I show great deplore
Couldn't live up to your excpectations
I try to change for the nation
Even tried consultation
there is no short cut
Gotta take the long road
So your probably fed-up
my heart has been cut up
there isn't much more i can do
tried everything for you
thats cause change is hard
feels like i've been hung out to dry
In front of a hundred eyes
I do try
but thats not enough
not enough for changeBut now life's face beholden
Seemed bright as heaven's bare brow
With hope of gifts withholden
But now.
From time's full-flowering bough
Each bud spake bloom to embolden
Love's heart, and seal his vow.
Joy's eyes grew deep with olden
Dreams, born he wist not how;
Thought's meanest garb was golden;
But now!Our world forever changes every second every day.
Nothing halts the pass of time; old age will have its way.
each mighty cliff or ancient tree will suffer the same fate
life seems just an experiment, a transitory state.
The planet earth its fertile soil, the mysteries of heaven,
all forever changing in more ways  known to man.
From the wonder of first breath to surrender of the last,
Time becomes the enemy devours all moments past.
Nothing is more fragile than the spirit of mankind,
as good and evil battle in each subconscious mind.
change is hardly noticed until friends or lover’s die,
then we weep and fear mortality while we say goodbye.
Change has made us who we are, a visitor, a guest
we dine on nature’s beauty babies suckle at the breast.
A child will learn and grow maybe someday take my place
But In very different world, for I alone lived in this space.
Roan Nov 2007Thoughts broke down from my dreams demise
As I shut my dreaming eyes
Stars flickered out
My wish lost truth
As I cried in a phone booth
The string untied
Memories faded away
I cried all night and I cried all day
Missing you
And you haven't even left me
Missing who
You used to be
I'm missing you
And I wish
That you'd leave me,
Just wish
That you'd leave me alone
Knowledge broke through
Hope lost touch
I cried too much
Just thinking of you
The pain came down
My smile turned to frown
And I wish I could walk away
I just with that I could walk away
Missing you
And you haven't even left me
Missing who
You used to be
I'm missing you
And I wish
That you'd leave me,
Just wish
That you'd leave me aloneChanged?  Yes, I will confess it – I have changed.
I do not love you in the old fond way.
I am your friend still – time has not estranged
One kindly feeling of that vanished day.
But the bright glamour which made life a dream,
The rapture of that time, its sweet content,
Like visions of a sleeper’s brain they seem –
And yet I cannot tell you how they went.
Why do you gaze with such accusing eyes
Upon me, dear?  It is so very strange
That hearts, like all things underneath God’s skies,
Should sometimes feel the influence of change?
The birds, the flowers, the foliage of the trees,
The stars which seem so fixed, and so sublime,
Vast continents, and the eternal seas, -
All these do change, with ever-changing time.
The face our mirror shows us year on year
Is not the same; our dearest aim, or need,
Our lightest thought, or feeling hope, or fear,
All, all the law of alternation heed.
How can we ask the human heart to stay,
Content with fancies of Youth’s earliest hours?
The year outgrows the violets of May,
Although, maybe, there are no fairer flowers.
And life may hold no sweeter love than this,
Which lies so cold, so voiceless, and so dumb,
And will I miss it, dear?  Why, yes, we miss
The violets always – till the roses come!It is a perilous venture to an unknown
where the living world is limitless
like weeds from a faraway land
dreaming...and hoping...
It is a desert where the woes tremble
like a torch's sparkle at night
and the origin is not known yet
chanting...and lifting...
But, it has wings that can endure
even swallow those that are bigger;
It has eyes that can examine
even those who do not deserve it.
Most of all, it begins everything new!Change
Said the sun to the moon,
You cannot stay.
Change
Says the moon to the waters,
All is flowing.
Change
Says the fields to the grass,
Seed-time and harvest,
Chaff and grain.
You must change said,
Said the worm to the bud,
Though not to a rose,
Petals fade
That wings may rise
Borne on the wind.
You are changing
said death to the maiden, your wan face
To memory, to beauty.
Are you ready to change?
Says the thought to the heart, to let her pass
All your life long
For the unknown, the unborn
In the alchemy
Of the world's dream?
You will change,
says the stars to the sun,
Says the night to the stars.CHANGE shall accustom me in after years
To kingdom's builded on life's overthrow;
Onward with other poets I shall go,
Unpraised of thee. though praised of all my peers,
Until the vine that thou hast quckened, bears
Its fruit in others' hands; until I grow
So different from myself I shall not know
This poor young desperate heart, nor these wild tears.
But though I change, thou shalt not change with me,
Thy shrine shall stand unaltered and unmoved,
And if we meet again I shall but see
The features of a stranger, thou wilt be
Wholly what once thou wert to me, Beloved
And not what time and men have made of theeChange is
Change...
Time to time...
All are change...
Change is...
Permenent...
Not tempervory
With out change is
Any thing...
Nothing is in  world...Their fake smiles surround me.
I’m on the outside looking in.
Because I didn’t take wear the right clothes.
Well I think its time to spread these wings.
You never helped me.
You never listened to what I had to say.
You never made me feel good.
You made me feel like dirt.
But still I call you my friend.
I’m going through this with you.
But it feels as though I’m alone.
I can’t call you when he’s leaving.
His bags all packed.
Because he has found a better more perfect family.
So as tears flood my eyes.
They pour down my cheeks leaving puddles on the floor.
Barely being able to speak.
I reach for the phone.
Dialing your number.
Trying to reach someone to tell me everything will be fine.
Reaching out before I die.
Pulling that trigger with the barrel pressed against my head.
I finally get you.
And yet you tell me just to go to bed.
Pain and hurt rushes over.
I’m alone.
There’s no one here to talk me to sleep.
No one to help me through.
I’m stuck here in hell.
To never return back.
Can’t you just lend a hand.
Someone please help.
As I think that it is over.
I’ve watched betrayal from my father.
And I don’t want you do to the same.
Finding a more perfect and better friend.
Because I was there for you when your grandma died.
Now I’m dying but your not here.
I need you to be here.
Beside me.
Making me feel better.
But no your not.
Because I’m your old friend.
Im sorry that I didn’t wear the right clothes.
I didn’t have the ins.
I’m not sorry that I was your friend.
You were like a sister.
But now you won’t even open up your arms to me.
I feel hopeless.
This trigger is pressed even harder to my skull.
Just.Pull.The.Trigger.
This house has come crashing down.
The lies.
The tears.
The screams.
Why won’t you just say 3 little words.
Everything.
Is.
Ok.
This is my last cry for help.
Just reach out.
As I’m reaching out now.
I’ve given you all the signs.
And you know too.
But you won’t reach for me.
I’m going.
Slowly I’m going further to that black hole.
Why can’t you just help?
Goodbye.1     I shall not wonder more, then,
2     But I shall know.
3     Leaves change, and birds, flowers,
4     And after years are still the same.
5     The sea's breast heaves in sighs to the moon,
6     But they are moon and sea forever.
7     As in other times the trees stand tense and lonely,
8     And spread a hollow moan of other times.
9     You will be you yourself,
10   I'll find you more, not else,
11   For vintage of the woeful years.
12   The sea breathes, or broods, or loudens,
13   Is bright or is mist and the end of the world;
14   And the sea is constant to change.
15   I shall not wonder more, then,
16   But I shall know.you have changed
and it's not for the better
all of the sudden
your different
and it's no good.
What's with you lately
I know you want to fit in
or impress a girl
but please dont change. not for her.
Standing from the outside I can see it.
you're different, not the same,
I'm not too sure about this new person
please change back.Open your life and accept change;
Its like a flower in midst fo a mountain range.
blooming and shining unconditionally;
spreading its fragrance and hue in the valley.
Changes teach us that there is more to life,
It shows us our goals and the way to strive.
Its like a dropp of golden Sun in the darkness
Illuminating the thoughts and directing it to harness.
Accelarating and enlightening as it comes;
Failures and sucess all it sums.
Providing an intermediary betwixt past disappointments and future aspirations;
Welcoming change is the only way to reach the life's destination.
Life and its ways are truly very strange;
The key is to accept what you cannot change.change can happen when you get the chance
change can happen without  a passing glance
change can change everything in your path
change is the resistance to the things in the past
change is what people have to do to make theyre lives goodIt seems right now no one has the time
When I’m about to lose my mind
My sadness makes me write
But sometimes I want to fight
Everything has to change
But it all seems so strange
When I talk
All you do is mockThe Autumn morn' awakes
leaves vibrantly cloth himself
taking chance upon winds
searching for new
breath
In the journey unto
the winds of chance
each touch
then flow apart
then touch again
Yet in each touch
something new
something old
something peculiar
never the same
Each time the winds of chance
blows a leaf
from it's branch
has a dance
then takes it's prance
life has a kiss....NEW doth the sun appear,
The mountains' snows decay,
Crown'd with frail flowers forth comes the baby year.
My soul, time posts away;
And thou yet in that frost
Which flower and fruit hath lost,
As if all here immortal were, dost stay.
For shame! thy powers awake,
Look to that Heaven which never night makes black,
And there at that immortal sun's bright rays,
Deck thee with flowers which fear not rage of days!Change is to one man the death of a friend,
To another the birth of a child.
Change is the shifting of soft winds of spring,
to a hurricane deadly and wild.
Change is the moving of the hourglass sands,
It's the coming of dawn after dark.
Change is taking one step at a time,
The emotion in each persons heart.
But change in the end, will not change at all
The one constant in everyone's lives
Change is the light at the end of the tunnel
The healer who opens our eyes.Change the N-word now
Change it forever
Make the world betterchange the world, change me!
the revolution reaches autumn.
the wings of my dreams join the birds,
preparing to fly south.
the fireflies of my passion,
lay down the final gauntlet.
i let go of my thoughts,
and listen, just listen!
we walk a thousand miles,
to become seed and dirt.
the world that was distant,
now the sweat on my brow.
for i am the world...
change me, change the world!Five months ago the stream did flow,
The lilies bloomed within the sedge,
And we were lingering to and fro,
Where none will track thee in this snow,
Along the stream, beside the hedge.
Ah, Sweet, be free to love and go!
For if I do not hear thy foot,
The frozen river is as mute,
The flowers have dried down to the root:
And why, since these be changed since May,
Shouldst thou change less than they.
And slow, slow as the winter snow
The tears have drifted to mine eyes;
And my poor cheeks, five months ago
Set blushing at thy praises so,
Put paleness on for a disguise.
Ah, Sweet, be free to praise and go!
For if my face is turned too pale,
It was thine oath that first did fail, --
It was thy love proved false and frail, --
And why, since these be changed enow,
Should I change less than thou.Who am I now
I have lost my way
the hours go faster somehow
and months past before the days
at an incredible speed
I follow instead of lead
so many choices are before me
which path will make me happy
Copyright @ Aqua Floweri set in this house away frim everything
clearing my head from everything at home
and the rest of my life
looking at everything i have done and i'm doing now
somethings i wish i could change something i don't
knowing nothing can be i have to deal with it
deal with the choices i have made
but i can from here on out
NO!
i will, i will change
change everything about me
they all will seea new me forever
good bye to the old and hello to the newI wrote a poem on the wind
with raindrops in my hand
and heard a forest sigh in pain
in Amazon's deep land.COULD this early bliss but rest
Constant for one single hour!
But e'en now the humid West
Scatters many a vernal shower.
Should the verdure give me joy?
'Tis to it I owe the shade;
Soon will storms its bloom destroy,
Soon will Autumn bid it fade.
Eagerly thy portion seize,
If thou wouldst possess the fruit!
Fast begin to ripen these,
And the rest already shoot.
With each heavy storm of rain
Change comes o'er thy valley fair;
Once, alas! but not again
Can the same stream hold thee e'er.
And thyself, what erst at least
Firm as rocks appear'd to rise,
Walls and palaces thou seest
But with ever-changing eyes.
Fled for ever now the lip
That with kisses used to glow,
And the foot, that used to skip
O'er the mountain, like the roe.
And the hand, so true and warm,
Ever raised in charity,
And the cunning-fashion'd form,--
All are now changed utterly.
And what used to bear thy name,
When upon yon spot it stood,
Like a rolling billow came,
Hast'ning on to join the flood.
Be then the beginning found
With the end in unison,
Swifter than the forms around
Are themselves now fleeting on!
Thank the merit in thy breast,
Thank the mould within thy heart,
That the Muses' favour blest
Ne'er will perish, ne'er depart.Don't change me
But change the world around you
My friendAlthough thy hand and faith, and good works too,
Have seal'd thy love which nothing should undo,
Yea though thou fall back, that apostasy
Confirm thy love; yet much, much I fear thee.
Women are like the Arts, forc'd unto none,
Open to'all searchers, unpriz'd, if unknown.
If I have caught a bird, and let him fly,
Another fouler using these means, as I,
May catch the same bird; and, as these things be,
Women are made for men, not him, nor me.
Foxes and goats; all beasts change when they please,
Shall women, more hot, wily, wild then these,
Be bound to one man, and did Nature then
Idly make them apter to endure than men?
They are our clogges, not their owne; if a man be
Chain'd to a galley, yet the galley is free;
Who hath a plow-land, casts all his seed corn there,
And yet allows his ground more corn should bear;
Though Danuby into the sea must flow,
The sea receives the Rhene, Volga, and Po.
By nature, which gave it, this liberty
Thou lov'st, but Oh! canst thou love it and me?
Likeness glues love: Then if so thou do,
To make us like and love, must I change too?
More than thy hate, I hate it, rather let me
Allow her change, then change as oft as she,
And so not teach, but force my opinion
To love not any one, nor every one.
To live in one land is captivity,
To run all countries, a wild roguery;
Waters stink soon, if in one place they bide,
And in the vast sea are worse putrified:
But when they kiss one bank, and leaving this
Never look back, but the next bank do kiss,
Then are they purest; Change is the nursery
Of music, joy, life, and eternity.I want to remember the world this way:
The light, steadfast on the windowsill,
a breathless sky and the autumn as beautiful
as it is bitter.
The way it was just yesterday
when you held me against your chest, against
a backdropp of sunset: so many colors
evolving into darkness- rearranging themselves
into the first evening shadows.
I want to sleep with the memory of you
still fresh inside of my head, and the scent
of your kisses still clinging to my lips.
Your eyes: cathartic pools I wish I could dive into,
to drown myself in their prismatic vision.
How does it feel to see the world, to see life
through a third eye?
I wish I could see beyond my sorrow and live
beyond my darkness- then I’d see myself
not entirely unraveled, but tearing at the seams
to become something more, something other than
the girl with a big smile to sacrifice to the world,
who will always be just a little bit sad.Today the summer sun beats down on me like it did when I was back in Nam
Making me crazy with a touch of the malaria......making me
mad enough to overreact to the slightest breeze
exhaled from the painted lips of a one legged diseased ridden concubine
Like the one that cleaned the hooch when I was back in Nam.....
She had a way of setting me off....flapping those lips....kind of like Madonna does.....
With all her Al Gore Global warming crap....
If she wanted to truly save the planet....she'd close her mouth and legs.....I cannot change, as others do,
Though you unjustly scorn;
Since that poor swain that sighs for you,
For you alone was born.
No, Phyllis, no, your heart to move
A surer way I'll try:
And to revenge my slighted love,
Will still love on, will still love on, and die.
When, killed with grief, Amintas lies
And you to mind shall call,
The sighs that now unpitied rise,
The tears that vainly fall,
That welcome hour that ends this smart
Will then begin your pain;
For such a fauthful tender heart
Can never break, can never break in vain.If trust were a material thing,
solid and concrete,
there would be huge
boxes of it in the attic
that you have given me.
I build a nest in your words
everytime you say you love me.I love the way you talk to anyone, do you have to talk to her
I love the way you love animals, you know I’m allergic to fur
I love the way you are different, you’re not going out in that hat
I love the way you dance, do you have to embarrass me like that
I love the way you are well read, you gonna waste money on that book
I love the way you think I’m beautiful, why’d you give me that leering look
I love the way you’ll help anyone, bet it’s just to fuel your ego
I love the way you’re spontaneous, this isn’t where I wanted to go
I love the way I fill you with desire, I told you I’m not in the mood
I love the way you’re relaxed about your body, do you really need all that food
I love the way you are still fun, do you really need that toy
I love the way you still act young, sometimes you’re like a little boy
I love the way you collect me from work, isn’t it time you got a new car
I love the way I feel natural around you, stop looking while I’m only in my bra
I love the way you always have a smile, why’d you have to wear that silly grin
I love that you just let yourself go, do you really have to try to sing
And if you keep on with that annoying laugh I don’t think I’ll last another day
I’m so glad we met ‘cos I think that you’re perfect … why you walking away?I wish it would change.
The urge to cut my self.
I wish it would change.
This pain that is felt.
I wish it would change.
So i write it all down.
I wish it would change.
Wearing my blank lifeless frown.
I wish it would change.
Crying everyday.
I wish it would change.
Not having any thing to say.
I wish it would change.
So I don't have to write poems.
I wish it would change.
And wish everbody knew them.
I wish it would change.
I'm just trying to fight it.
I wish it would change.
Everyday trying to hide it.
I wish it would change.
My sorrow, My pain.
I wish it would change.
It's getting worst everday.I am at a loss, for the words to say,
for the pain you feel today.
I know this loss is harder then,
most difficult times along lifes way.
For if I could change things
please know I surely would...
for this great Man your grieving for,
the woman you called Dad; grandpa,
will remain in your hearts for good.
He is not really gone...
keep him alive in your memory,
til you meet again, many years from now,
in another land, a better place, In heaven.
(Written May 18th 2007.)It will not change now
After so many years;
Life has not broken it
With parting or tears;
Death will not alter it,
It will live on
In all my songs for you
When I am gone.why change
after so long
we had thought
we have been made
for each other?
yes, you can go
to your new heart
i will beat my old one
the path you walk
i pray will be strewn
with roses
the ones
you sent
at the first valentine
you got me
my heart
i would have done
anything for you
for your happiness
why change?
if it is that is what you have chosen
with full blessing
i let you walk your path
but remember
my love still accompanies
each of your steps
my tears
each of my fingers
inspired by
'It Will Not Change'
It will not change now
After so many years;
Life has not broken it
With parting or tears;
Death will not alter it,
It will live on
In all my songs for you
When I am gone.
Sarah TeasdaleKeep your change for a rainy day
Because when it is raining outside
You won't like to walk outside
Because you will get wet if you walk ouside
And if you have some money in your pocket
You will be able to ride on the bus
Without geting wetthe fireworks have flown,
the wishes have been welcomed,
the booze has reached the brain,
yet everything still seems the same,
alhtough one year has bid us farewell,
and a new year has arrived.
on the acid crystal drops of the rain.
a heavy head greets my morning,
just as it has always done,
as sure as the sky and the sun,
The coffee still tastes as bitter as i,
like it did last year,
and the year before,
the Car refuses to wake from its mechanical sleep,
the Radio showers my ears with static,
just as it did last year.
the date may have changed,
but life's enduring pains,
simply move with the years268
Me, change! Me, alter!
Then I will, when on the Everlasting Hill
A Smaller Purple grows—
At sunset, or a lesser glow
Flickers upon Cordillera—
At Day's superior close!But where began the change; and what's my crime?
The wretch condemned, who has not been arraigned,
Chafes at his sentence. Shall I, unsustained,
Drag on Love's nerveless body thro' all time?
I must have slept, since now I wake. Prepare,
You lovers, to know Love a thing of moods:
Not like hard life, of laws. In Love's deep woods,
I dreamt of loyal Life:--the offence is there!
Love's jealous woods about the sun are curled;
At least, the sun far brighter there did beam.
My crime is, that the puppet of a dream,
I plotted to be worthy of the world.
Oh, had I with my darling helped to mince
The facts of life, you still had seen me go
With hindward feather and with forward toe,
Her much-adored delightful Fairy Prince!In days of yore men preened and posed like peacocks to impress
the haute monde with their quality: Put on a brave display,
although often a hollow sham. Which only served to say.
Fine feathers do not make the man, although they may express.
His vapid personality and general uselessness
Today image is everything, it is the modern way.
We kow tow to celebrities, a silly game we play
We have not learnt lessons from history. That image matters less
Than well proven ability and sterling honesty.
We let ourselves be taken in by what spin doctors say.
We are to ready to accept as truth, the clever lies
Which at first glance appear to be completely bias free.
Well designed publicity by those who earn high pay.
by portraying as honest men: Thieving rogues in disguise.804
No Notice gave She, but a Change—
No Message, but a Sigh—
For Whom, the Time did not suffice
That She should specify.
She was not warm, though Summer shone
Nor scrupulous of cold
Though Rime by Rime, the steady Frost
Upon Her Bosom piled—
Of shrinking ways—she did not fright
Though all the Village looked—
But held Her gravity aloft—
And met the gaze—direct—
And when adjusted like a Seed
In careful fitted Ground
Unto the Everlasting Spring
And hindered but a Mound
Her Warm return, if so she chose—
And We—imploring drew—
Removed our invitation by
As Some She never knew—Why do people change?
What is the problem with being yourself?
Are you scared of ruining your image?
Is that more important?
Why do people change?
Can’t they just be themselves?
Why do they go away?
Do they think they’re cool because they wear the same jeans?
Why do people change?
Can’t the world just stay the same?
Who cares if you hair isn’t straight?
Who cares if your mouth isn't always open?
Why do people change?
Why do people hide under a mask?
Are they afraid they won't be accepted anymore?
Who do people shun others who are unlike?
Why do people change?
Is the change for the good of the world?
Or is it for the need to feel wanted?
Why do people feel they aren't good enough?
Are you?
Will you change?Poets today in what so ever land
Can be agent to inspire anybody
That today we need to understand,
Changes changed us into mediocrity.
Our good values of sharing a hand
To those who need our sympathy,
Like the poor and needy of the land
Who  never had behold the beauty
Of living a life without strife upon
Had turn into a deaf advocacy.
Useless war against humanity,
Erred by poverty across every land,
And the burning fire of other's tyranny,
besets nations to remain us one
Need to be stop to save humanity.
In our own little way, we can be
Agent of change with a conviction
that by the power of our poetry
We can bring peace, love and union
across every land in our world today.First,  of nature's course, it was the birds;
for theirs the air, above and over all;
knowing by intuition without need of words
as providential, seasoned, sure
as sparrow's fall;
and knowing too
how much to trust to men
who do not even trust each other.
It was, of nature's course, the snowy eagle
entrusted with the task:
the only bird who may look straight into the sun; and thus
to whom that message might be given, to ask,
to pass on to his lord; the only bird
whose plumage may reflect the sun's majestic rays,
and live; perhaps to bring a message back.
As to the message - was it just a sprig
of leaves from tallest tree - polluted, withered, black as crow?
or was it something inner in the words
as spoken on the flight from wintry sun to warmth, or
warmth to Northern spring?
They watched, the conference of the silent birds,
while snowy eagle, like the teepee's early morning smoke,
ascended higher, higher, into the sun's great eye,
which never man - eagle alone - may see;
and... do birds hope?
Or as the twilight falls upon the earth, accept
that what shall be, shall be?I saw a Priest in beetle black
Come to our golden beach,
And I was taken sore aback
Lest he should choose to preach
And chide me for my only wear,
A "Gee" string and a brassière.
And then I saw him shyly doff
And fold his grim soutane,
And one by one his clothes take off,
Until like any man
He stood in bathing trunks, a sight
To thrill a maiden with delight.
For he was framed and fashioned like
Apollo Belvedere;
I felt my heart like cymbal strike
Beneath my brassière.
And then the flounce of foam he broke,
And disappeared with flashing stroke.
We met. 'Twas in the billows roll.
Oh how he sang with joy;
But not a hymn, - a merry troll
With gusto of a boy.
I looked, and lo! the priest was gone,
And in his place a laughing faun. . . .
Today confession I have made.
The Father's face was stern,
And I was glad that in the shade
Mine he could not discern . . .
He gave me grace - but oh the bliss,
The salty passion of his kiss!There is a wistfulness in the breeze
That caresses my hair
And the warmth of the autumn sun
Stirs a longing in my soul -
Where did the time go?
I recall days of endless wonder
Never at a loss for adventure
Experience filled my days
With joy and sorrow -
I never thought it would end;
Now I treasure every moment
Holding them close to my heart
Making deep impressions
To last me through the winter
For spring may never come;
And you will be the one thought
That will carry me through the night
Stay close, my love,
Whisper soft and sweet
The words I'll always remember.There was a sound upon the wind
A joyous melody
Which sang a tune of gratitude
Spiced with a hint of glee
It whispered with the breath of spring
Come to empower soul
For all who cared to listen to
Its satisfying toll
Sweet as bells on Sunday
Announcing heavens berth
Sailing past on golden rays
To sing of Peace on Earth
Angelic annotation
Delivered with the rain
Transported via rainbows
Has set us free again
With just one note…On a lazy Sunday afternoon,
the sun shone so brightly...
appearing like a large blazing
iridescent quarter.
.
Hovering over the quiet city,
the glowing sphere gave so much,
life to the dull muted blue sky,
so much warmth-and promise!
To the old woman whose body
earlier had been aching...
and whose mind was sluggish...
this was just what she needed.
The sun and the feeling that summer
was arriving soon whisked away
the memory of her 'Winter' days,
suspended in mid-air-it gave her Joy!
While Glistening into the windows
of her tired and weary soul...
she stood up in one brisk move
on the rickety weathered balconey.
Although Her perennials had not yet
surfaced, Myra began removing foliage
from her cracked chipped window box...
all while smiling and singing happily.
Taking it all in...breathing deeply,
yet softly, the old woman  realized,
she had made it through again,
another year passed-without her late friend.
Written on February 28th 2008.Broken indifference, traded for a whisper of defiance
A marginal decline in the pressure applied
Freedom, a memory enhanced with a casing of non truth
Equality, the right to die extended to all
Raise your voice and lift your glass
sip the poison of the past
Union tyranny, sweetened with conformity
A blend compelling, to the core of your ignorance
Cease now your flamboyant posturing and pause
Enchant me with chains in the name of your cause
Sleepless nights I offer to youHow long can stay the happiness?
How long can stay the sadness?
Nothing in this world can go always up
Nothing in this world can go only down.
Nothing in this world remains the same forever.
As the day changes to night,
And the night changes to day.
As the cold changes to warm,
and warm changes to cold.
As this natural law always changes everything,
up to down and down to up.
So long as there is nothing without an opposite, smile...
The Death will change to Birth!No, Time, thou shalt not boast that I do change.
Thy pyramids built up with newer might
To me are nothing novel, nothing strange;
They are but dressings of a former sight.
Our dates are brief, and therefore we admire
What thou dost foist upon us that is old,
And rather make them born to our desire
Than think that we before have heard them told.
Thy registers and thee I both defy,
Not wond'ring at the present, nor the past,
For thy records, and what we see doth lie,
Made more or less by thy continual haste:
This I do vow and this shall ever be:
I will be true despite thy scythe and thee.Change you can your hair color, not your skin;
Change you can your smile and grin: not your eyes;
Change you can your sex partners, not your kin;
Change you can your sinful life: Be soul-wise!
Change you can your friends and foes, not parents;
Change you can your teacher/guide, not your brain;
Change you can your exam-marks, not talents;
Change you can your habits bad and be sane.
Change you can the environment, not the sun;
Change you can the landscape old, not the soil;
Change you can your temperament and not run;
Change you can your heart and mind: you must toil.
Change you can your ambitions but be brave;
Change you can your life-styles much but behave!
6-3-2001The world of men, women and children, change;
Their food-habits and dressing styles may change;
Their ways of talking, walking, laughing, change;
But Bible’s words are true and never change!
Man’s outlook and his sense of values change;
The weather, climate, seasons also change;
The water of rivers and seas may change,
But Scripture’s words are true and never change!
Man’s needs in life and ambitions may change
Man’s occupations, moral values, change
Man’s goals and approaches also may change,
But Holy Scripture’s words will never change.
The devils too, their tempting tactics, change;
God’s love for man is same and will not change.POOR River, now thou'rt almost dry,
What Nymph, or Swain, will near thee lie?
Since brought, alas! to sad Decay,
What Flocks, or Herds, will near thee stay?
The Swans, that sought thee in thy Pride,
Now on new Streams forgetful ride:
And Fish, that in thy Bosom lay,
Chuse in more prosp'rous Floods to play.
All leave thee, now thy Ebb appears,
To waste thy sad Remains in Tears;
Nor will thy mournful Murmurs heed.
Fly, wretched Stream, with all thy speed,
Amongst those solid Rocks thy Griefs bestow;
For Friends, like those alas! thou ne'er did'st know.
And thou, poor Sun! that sat'st on high;
But late, the Splendour of the Sky;
What Flow'r, tho' by thy Influence born,
Now Clouds prevail, will tow'rds thee turn?
Now Darkness sits upon thy Brow,
What Persian Votary will bow?
What River will her Smiles reflect,
Now that no Beams thou can'st direct?
By watry Vapours overcast,
Who thinks upon thy Glories past?
If present Light, nor Heat we get,
Unheeded thou may'st rise, and set.
Not all the past can one Adorer keep,
Fall, wretched Sun, to the more faithful Deep.
Nor do thou, lofty Structure! boast,
Since undermin'd by Time and Frost:
Since thou canst no Reception give,
In untrod Meadows thou may'st live.
None from his ready Road will turn,
With thee thy wretched Change to mourn.
Not the soft Nights, or chearful Days
Thou hast bestow'd, can give thee Praise.
No lusty Tree that near thee grows,
(Tho' it beneath thy Shelter rose)
Will to thy Age a Staff become.
Fall, wretched Building! to thy Tomb.
Thou, and thy painted Roofs, in Ruin mixt,
Fall to the Earth, for That alone is fixt.
The same, poor Man, the same must be
Thy Fate, now Fortune frowns on thee.
Her Favour ev'ry one pursues,
And losing Her, thou all must lose.
No Love, sown in thy prosp'rous Days,
Can Fruit in this cold Season raise:
No Benefit, by thee conferr'd,
Can in this time of Storms be heard.
All from thy troubl'd Waters run;
Thy stooping Fabrick all Men shun.
All do thy clouded Looks decline,
As if thou ne'er did'st on them shine.
O wretched Man! to other World's repair;
For Faith and Gratitude are only there.She leaned out into the soft June weather,
With her long loose tresses the night breeze played;
Her eyes were as blue as the bells on the heather:
Oh, what is so fair as a fair young maid!
She folded her hands, like the leaves of a lily,
'My life, ' she said, 'is a night in June,
Fair and quiet, and calm and stilly;
Bring me a change, O changeful moon!
'Who would drift on a lake forever?
Young hearts weary - it is not strange,
And sigh for the beautiful bounding river;
New moon, true moon, bring me a change! '
The rose that rivalled her maiden blushes
Dropped from her breast, at a strangers feet;
Only a glance; but the hot blood rushes
To mantle a fair face, shy and sweet.
To and fro, while the moon is waning,
They walk, and the stars shine on above;
And one is in earnest, and one is feigning -
Oh, what is so sweet as a sweet young love?
A young life crushed, and a young heart broken,
A bleak wind blows through the lovely bower,
And all that remains of the love vows spoken -
Is the trampled leaf of a faded flower.
The night is dark, for the moon is failing -
And what is so pale as a pale old moon?
Cold is the wind through the tree tops wailing -
Woe that the change should come so soon.Time or fate may separate friends, lovers,
But friendship or love that's true will ever
Thenceforth continue to live forever,
True love conquers the odd with its power.
As time passes by, things change with the time,
Every moment, hour, day, month, and year,
All things have their turn to change with the time,
Life, time, and events change with the years.
Everyone, everything, have a time and day,
A time to change, end, begin a new day,
Change is life, the course of life everyday,
All things change, and we change with them all days.
Only the Eternal one is constant,
All things in the universe, inconstant,
But despite it all, love is important,
The world may change, but true love is constant.How bless'd Thy creature is, O God,
When with a single eye,
He views the lustre of Thy Word,
The dayspring from on high!
Through all the storms that veil the skies
And frown on earthly things,
The Sun of Righteousness he eyes,
With healing on His wings.
Struck by that light, the human heart,
A barren soil no more,
Sends the sweet smell of grace abroad,
Where serpents lurk'd before.
The soul, a dreary province once
Of Satan's dark domain,
Feels a new empire form'd within,
And owns a heavenly reign.
The glorious orb whose golden beams
The fruitful year control,
Since first obedient to Thy WOrd,
He started from the goal,
Has cheer'd the nations with the joys
His orient rays impart;
But, Jesus, 'tis Thy light alone
Can shine upon the heart.time and fate may separate friends and lovers
but friendship or love that's true will live forever
true love conquers all odds with patience
and hope keeps them alive forever
Grandma used to tell us all
things of this world will change with time
since all things have their turn to change
the sick has a time to heal
while the poor will come to wealth with time
in this world events change with the years
and the seasons will surely come and go
so everything has its time and day
so wait on time to begin a new day
to change the course of your life
for if you look around you
nothing in the universe is constant,
only true love is forever faithfulSo life has handed you  sour grapes,
They're bitter and hard to swallow -
But you'll be just fine
Sour grapes make good wine
If you throw in enough sweet sugar;
So lemons are the fruit of the day,
So sour your lips start to pucker -
Just make lemonade
A tall glass in the shade
Will refresh on a hot summer day;
So your garden has grown green tomatoes,
That just won't turn red in the sun -
Fry them up in a pan
Make some relish to can
What a wonderful change of taste!
Whenever life throws you a curve ball
When you were expecting a hit -
Then you should be guessin'
You're learning a lesson................................
It's time for a change of scenery.The face I see
In the looking glass
Is not the face I see
In my heart.
The woman I see
In the mirror now
Is not the girl I see
In my heart.
The face I see
In the looking glass
Is lined with the cares
Of the world,
The hair is silver,
The eyes dimmed,
The face is aged,
And the mouth is thin.....
But the face I see
In heart and memory
Is as radiant, as youthful,
As the day I met you.
Scarlett Treat
January 25,2008A very wise person once wrote that it’s
The choices we make that define the person we are.
The decision you’ve made to change your name
Is one of the most important choices you’ll ever make —
Something no one else can do for you.
Just like the butterfly that emerges from the chrysalis,
Changing your name heralds a new stage in your life.
Like the butterfly, may you go out into this world
With pride, with courage, and with the certain knowledge that
Your new name has added meaning and purpose to your life.Since Persia fell at Marathon,
The yellow years have gathered fast:
Long centuries have come and gone.
And yet (they say) the place will don
A phantom fury of the past,
Since Persia fell at Marathon;
And as of old, when Helicon
Trembled and swayed with rapture vast
(Long centuries have come and gone),
This ancient plain, when night comes on,
Shakes to a ghostly battle-blast,
Since Persia fell at Marathon.
But into soundless Acheron
The glory of Greek shame was cast:
Long centuries have come and gone,
The suns of Hellas have all shone,
The first has fallen to the last: --
Since Persia fell at Marathon,
Long centuries have come and gone.Change is inevitable,
But yet we fight it, just the same.
Change is essential to our evolution.
Change is going to happen,
In fact, it happens every day,
Maybe it is too small to see, or perhaps we would rather not see it.
We fight change, because we fight the unknown,
We fight the unknown, because we are scared,
Scared of change, scared of the unknown.
If we were to allow change to happen freely,
We might find solutions to the problems that exist around us,
But instead, we are hung - up on controlling everything around us.
Maybe this is the problem with the world today.
Everyone assumes control of everything and does not allow nature to run her course.
Maybe this is why, we have devastating fall out from Nature,
Natural catastrophic disasters, such as fire and flooding.
We fight change, therefore we are fighting nature and her natural being and her existence
in the world that she has created by God's hand and has graciously allowed us to be a
part of.
We should welcome change and allow nature to control our destiny.
Change is uncontrollable,
Change is inevitable,
Change is the unknown.
Nature takes pride in being one of life's illusive wonders, the unknown.Near to the ocean
Close to my heart
Calm one day
Cyclone another
The waves with regularity
crash
break
spraying spray
Day after day
Near to the ocean
Close to my heart
"Welcome" change... but then
Everything resumes its courseThese fresh beauties, we can prove,
Once were virgins, sick of love,
Turn'd to flowers: still in some,
Colours go and colours come.1.
What will happen to change?
Will change change as all things?
Or will it develop immunity
And embrace hypocrisy?
Will change resist change
And go against its doctrinaire?
Why, will change change not
Should nothing be permanent, even change?
Since change is also a thing.
2.
Our world changes daily by seconds
Our lives in the roller-coaster of time
The noon gives way to the moon
The dawn turns dusk
At intersections of these:
One enters, another exits
One moans, another mourns
One rejoices, one regrets
In the spate and space of time;
A jungle becomes a haven
The oblivious became renowned
Riches become ruins
All on the altar of changeThe wind of change
Blows through our days
Sometimes can leave
Our minds with haze
When thinks do not
Go as expected
It is easy to feel
Quite dejected
If we live
With love inside
And never faith
We compromise
We can bring
Our dreams to reality
Transform that haze
Into clarity
Wind of change
Can be uplifting
Promising
And also gifting
A chance for
Love and new beginnings
When you believe
You end up winningA solitary stunted bud
In a barren garden
Of repressed desires
Parched to the core
And in need of love
To rejuvenate its being
Blossomed at the very hint
Of the touch
Of the friendly West Wind
Trumpeting the arrival of Spring
In its seemingly eternal
Autumnal existence.
Imagine this,
If a single hint of breeze
Could bring to life
This long dead bud
What would an Eternal Spring
Do to it?
Caress it out of its
Vegetative existence?
Fill it with fragrance?
Promise that it would never ever
Let autumn set in?
Or is it too early for the hopeful bud
To surmise the intent of Spring?
(16th April,2007)Nothing will stay forev’r the same:
Sky, earth, land, sea, vale, mountain, air;
The honest souls, why should all blame?
Let things happen, why should we care?
The sky will change and come will rain;
The soil with seed will sprout again;
A plant will grow quite speedily;
A mighty tree will stand truly!
With roots so deep, good fruits to reap;
And branches stout and strong will peep; .
And it will live a hundred years,
And lauded be, much more than peers.
And give all shade, yet not be paid;
While birds build nest and gladly rest.
The world will say on its D-Day:
Oh, what a tree and go away!
Yeah, things are done by word of God
In heaven, earth by same one Lord;
The world today though unfair be,
Cannot stay so for long surely.
For, winds of change will blow some day,
And truth will have its final say;
And acknowledge will people all:
’Tis best to heed to Maker’s call.
Copyright by Dr John Celes 12-8-2001You cannot change the past 'tis gone forever
And worrying only turns your hair to gray
And remember 'tis the future's all that matter
For we cannot change what happened yesterday.
Don't harbour grudges for grudges only harm you
For a grudge like a cancer only grow
ill feeling on you can become a burden
And you'll feel happier when you leave your grudges go.
Karma will take care of all wrongdoers
And all of those who harm others in any way
Will one day for their mistakes feel regretful
When to karma they will have a price to pay.
You cannot change the past what's done is over
Before we walked we had to learn to crawl
And from the book of life we're always learning
And the future's all that matter after all.
The past is gone and the past is past changing
And let bygones be bygones so it has been said
And put more of your thought energy into your future
For your happier days for you might be ahead.Your love
was worth millions
but as the Royal Mint
admitted
it is like the lost loose change
of Britain
(apparently there's
£26 million of it)
just lying about
... out there
... somewhere.
So far, I have picked up
£6 and nine pence worth of you.Feel the chillness,
lying wrapped against your skin?
Remember, quite soon,
Once again,
Spring will begin.
Bloom will come,
As always; again.
R.Just as I believe that autumn's gone,
left bare branches dressed in shades of grey,
melted the glowing leaves to muddy slime,
stealing sunlight, shortening my day –
just  as I prepare to go to ground,
to tell myself to close my eyes,
accept the long dark cell
where I must make my home till spring –
I turn a corner on the narrow track and reach
the downward slope.
And here time’s slowed  it seems.
Still, in this one place,
slim beech trunks, green velvet covered,
scattered with gold and bronze, stand warm
against dark thickets in the forest.
And though the sky outside is grey
this tunnel, where the trees protect their own,
holds autumn’s final breath
before December's sterile chill comes down.I thank you profusely,
From the depths of my heart,
For promoting me, at last,
To Professor cadre.
If it had been earlier,
It would have been better;
It could have been better,
But it doesn’t matter.
Yet, was it in my fate?
I’as unique till date;
Was it because of others?
Whom I thought were brothers!
What’s past is past;
When things looked aghast;
But we know truth will last;
Though the world is fast.
But I am very glad,
That I’m no longer sad;
My image that seemed bad,
Is better now on pad.
Not a visit, I’ad made;
I call a spade a spade;
And I’as ne’er afraid,
Nor did I look for aid.
And all I know is this,
‘A man aright has bliss’
Though cruel be world’s kiss;
And things do go amiss.
When God is by my side;
And I in Him abide;
And truth is my great pride;
The stormy waves, I ride!
But why such things happen?
And why men jump the fen?
All fruits one day ripen;
All wells, one must deepen.
Why men choose easy routes?
Can one wear always boots?
We eat our parent’s fruits;
And go about in suits!
But shouldn’t we change for good?
Too much is poison-food;
And why to fret and brood?
And why to wear a hood?
Our stay on earth is short;
And life can well abort;
Lets change our minds and heart;
And practice genuine art.
All men are just brothers;
Lets think about others;
Some beasts do need feathers;
A thing with time weathers.
Don’t believe what some say;
Each man will have his day;
We go in God’s way;
Or for our blunders pay!
Lets make this world of men,
And things uneven, even;
Lets make the earth, Heaven;
In time that’s God-given!Swami Vivekananda’s train
Reached Chicago Station
Late in the evening time.
None came to receive him.
He had lost the address
Of the head of delegates,
And there was no one
To give him information.
In that strange foreign land,
None gave a helping hand.
As his dress appeared peculiar,
They took him as a wanderer.
On the sidewalk, he sat.
A lady saw his pitiable plight
Gave him food and shelter,
As her guest of honor.
Mrs. George W. Hale was
That kind lady, his hostess,
Who took him to the Office
Of Parliament of Religions.
Dr. J.H. Barrows was
One of her friends.
As well as the President
Of that Parliament.
The President invited him
To represent Hinduism
And he was then free from
The admission problem
Both the kind hearted families
Of Hale and John B Lyons
Became his lifelong friends
And he stayed in their house.
It was the mercy of God
That, in fact, guided
This well deserving soul,
For his ‘ever-sincere’ role.
Amidst all his difficulties
There came many helpers
As if it was pre-planned
Always by the will of God.Thursday night basketball at a south side Chicago park,
Gunfire amidst chaos as shots echoed loudly in the dark,
Our culprits? DreadLocked men in a dark colored sedan,
The tally would have been even greater had some not ran.
Mr. George Zimmerman did not get dressed up in a wig,
Isn’t this incident & those like it worse than what he did?
How many Black Entertainers boycott Chicago, Illinois?
And why wasn’t this 3-year old home playing with toys?
Ok, Chicago’s the, “Murder Capital” of our society but alas,
Is there any truth to less gun violence if certain bills pass?
Tougher sentences & extended penalties with stiffer fines,
Enough of time off for good-behavior do every bit of time.
Julian Harris told the Sun-Times culprits shot at him first,
He escaped unharmed while his nephew received the worst,
3 are in critical condition with 10 reported serious or fair,
So late at night what in the heck was a toddler doing there?
Looking back at Delbert (88)     Belton and Christopher (22)     Lane,
In a car, jogging alongside a road now playing a basketball game,
All innocent victims to say the least but notice it is not confined,
First offense or not, a conviction of CCW requires serious time.
A gun’s no more dangerous than a car when the vehicle’s parked,
An idiot behind the wheel is dangerous in daylight & in the dark,
Police officials declined to discuss details of the investigation so far,
One thing’s certain, it involves 2 deadly instruments, a gun & a car.
Shooting hoops at, “Back Of The Yards” before this incident begins,
Was there anyone in Chicago on the lookout for George Zimmerman?
The city’s, “Labor Day Weekend” 20 were injured while 8 fell dead,
NAACP is still crying foul about Sanford, Fla. I’m shaking my head.AND so one day he got fed up
Worrying about his bills
Light, cell phones,
Apartment rents
Meals and what to eat
Next month
No money to
Send to the
Philippines
There is no work coming
And the old man he took care of
Died a month ago
Bad luck
He is vacant
He could not go to the malls
There is no money left for the week
And there is no work coming
No one is offering to help
And he worries
About his telephone bills
His credit card
His rent
His SSS
His unrenewed passport
His expiring visa
His debts
One day he goes outside
It is quite cold
Colder now
The snow is coming
He smokes his cigarette packs on the park
A middle-aged American woman stares and tells her
“Smoking is bad for your health
You are polluting the earth”
Just a little advice
But his head is hot and
Hot temper is what is steaming inside
He is fuming mad to that middle aged American woman
He is also fuming mad about
Himself to be honest
About it
“Shit shit shit, I smoke if I want to
I use my own money to kill myself
F###k YOU!
Mind your own American business
In this free country I can smoke anytime I want! ”.
He knows how to curse now
In the most American way
For just a year or two
he was a timid Filipino
he was the meek citizen
of this world
And he smokes all day in the park
his packs of cigarettes in the park
Puffing and puffing and breathing and breathing
Releasing all his dismays in cold air
He can see his bleeding heart
His cursing
“f##k you! ”
'f$$k you! '
in the freezing air
his cursing is a big bold font
in the atmosphere
His cell phone does not have any load
And he cannot call anybody
And he remembers well the latest old
Jewish rich man which he took care of
who died a month ago
One day the old man fell on the floor
The one who shitted him all day
he still could remember
fully well
all the old man's yell
spell: F$$K YOU! '
The old man could not stand
back
He was big, fat, and dying
He did not help him stand
He merely stood there askance
And the old man shouted and growled
“Shit shit you Filipino
Help me stand from here”
'F$$K YOU FILIPINO! '
And he said
WITH ALL STRICT COMPOSURE
SO SURE OF HIMSELF NOW
with a little authoritative
moral advice
like he was a wise man
“Rich American now is the time
for you to
Command all your mighty dollars
your mighty dollars
your mighty dollars
your mighty dollars
To help you rise and make
You, young and strong again! ”
The old Jewish rich man died
Due to cardiac arrest.
And now he is out of job
No money
No promises
And one day now
He finds himself smoking himself to death
On this cold dark wildlife park south of
Chicago.Dear Juana,
I am here in Chicago
And I have to wear a thicker jacko
It is very cold here you know
Even without the snow
I am staying with another cousin
In his apartment I chip in
As he is also renting
And I am simply gallivanting
It will take me time
To find work this time
To find work here is still hard
I have to stay longer in the pad
Could be next month perhaps
When cousin Rey gets some mishaps
I will have his work
And hold his fork
I could be working
Probably working
In the home of a Jewish American
Taking care of their old man
I have to tell you
I have to hold his big thing
While He is urinating
I have to wash his anus
And chop his huge “pus”
So it would
In the toilet flush
Just imagine how
The American dung would smell somehow
It wouldn’t smell chocolaty
As you would think it to be
I wish to come back
And forget this life’s lack
But who would pay
My debts in our country?
I wish you all well there
I will have my deals here
To earn for my dollars
And pay for my scholars.
Pray in Jesus name,
It‘s me your only flame.on a cold winter
a friend in Chicago finally
opens up like
a clam and grabs
a sand that pricks
his tongue
so he can make a
pearl
this Christmas
i ask two questions
which i think are
intrusions to his
privacy
honestly, i am not
interested
he's happy and it is
enough to know
that
what i realize is that
he is happy and he is
no longer interested
about what i ask
or what i say
i quit.In the mid-city, under an oiled sky,
I lay in a garden of such dusky green
It seemed the dregs of the imagination.
Hedged round by elegant spears of iron fence
My face became a moon to absent suns.
A low heat beat upon my reading face;
There rose no roses in that gritty place
But blue-gray lilacs hung their tassels out.
Hard zinnias and ugly marigolds
And one sweet statue of a child stood by.
A gutter of poetry flowed outside the yard,
Making me think I was a bird of prose;
For overhead, bagged in a golden cloud,
There hung the fatted souls of animals,
Wile at my eyes bright dots of butterflies
Turned off and on like distant neon signs.
Assuming that this garden still exists,
One ancient lady patrols the zinnias
(She looks like George Washington crossing the Delaware),
The janitor wanders to the iron rail,
The traffic mounts bombastically out there,
And across the street in a pitch-black bar
With midnight mirrors, the professional
Takes her first whiskey of the afternoon--
Ah! It is like a breath of country air.Just for a moment, I visited you in my imagination.
Words of edification swayed my soul, and drew me into your destine place.
I took in the brisk, soft, smooth wind on my face.
I enjoyed imagining being at your lake.
Snow wraps around you, and the air sings to you.
The trees are bare, however my southern soul longs to be there.
A visit is fine with me.
I heard a lot about you, can I get to know you?
Power is your song for people to be reborn.
Thanks for letting me get to know you a little bit,
I'll check with the airlines, and make sure my mind stays sharp, smart, and fit.
OH! My heart you have lit,
Brisk wind in Chicago...
Sallie Marie Tompkins Copyright 2008
Chosen Poetess...Left my dump, off to the cafe
Ankling it, no need for a hack
I'm a johnnie walker
Stopped a bit to jaw a little
With two wiseheads before work
As we discuss how one of their coffee-and-donut doble
Keep klunking out on them
When I arrived
I poured me a cup of joe
Then took a powder
To find me an ameche
To arrange a get together for tonight
With my tight squeeze
I get back and drink the joe
Shortly afterwards I get jingle-brained
Then I threw a joe
I wake to find me in this heap
Someplace in a back of alley
And was being pulled out by three goons
I recognize them
Once they get me inside their hideout
I'm still jingle-brained
I realized I drunk a mickey finn
Now I'm in a jam
I recognize the butter and egg man
As the baddest gangster in upstate New York
I also recognize the rest of the chopper squad
Who I use to drink out of the same bottle with
Don sends one of his hatchmen to get the seventh
Each one of these numbers were well-heeled
With  Chicago typewriters
Couple of them had dinchers in there kissers
Another asks for one of their ciggies
The big cheese, that comes off as a nance
Tosses his deck to him and tells him to pipe down
Then he slaps my lid of my keyster
I know I'll be grilled about dust I know about
I can see by their get-ups
They have heavy sugar
The hard-boiled gimp tells me to level with him
He thinks I know alot the couple I'm working with
He mentions they're his biggest rival
Who don't want to play ball with him
All I am is a pearl diver in their restaurant
I don't know their potatoes of capers
I tell him he's tooting the wrong ringer
'All I do is wash dishes.'
They don't seem to be in that type of racketeering
Then two bins ankles in
He tells them get in the back
Few minutes later two skirts arrive
'Keep those other two company'
'This is business'
He tells me once he was left holding the bag
He never got his dib from my big cheese
My big cheese according to the head gangster
Gave him the Chinese squeeze
He apparently became my big cheese's patsy
And refered him as a smooth
Need to bring this chin to a conclusion with me still intact
At this time, the gals in the back were giggling
Maybe this joint is wet with giggle water
Mr. Levy then says
'I'll have one of my goons sock your scnozzle, savvy? '
He wants me to rat out
If there were anyone planted on the inside of his operations
As if a pearl diver, like myself know anything
Then a dish with a pretty pan enters
Don then asks her
'Why do you gals always come when I'm doing business
He takes out his bank roll
Which seems to be at least a pair of Cs
Or possibly more
He places some lettuce in her hands
Then suggests she take the other gals out and dry up
She has these big bubs
Which i'd like to put my flippers on
Just then she puts her lips upon his
Then i realize she's his moll
Knowing I shouldn't get dizzy with this dame
I tell him don't get ing bing
Then confess ish kabibble
About neither his nor his rival's bee's wax
Well, jeepers creepers
It's not getting duck soup
In convincing him I know nothing
I believe soon he'll be gashouse with me
Sure enough he put his paws upon my pipes
Which sent my pump to leap out of my pipes
From the heebie jeepies
He pours himself some yack yack bourbon
And then takes a snort of it
He says 'Says you'
'Now start singing, tell me who's the inside guy'
'Or I'll have one of my goons put the broderick on you'
I've remembered I've had sap poison upon my head before
He orders one of his goons to sock my peeper
I get dry gulched
It was so hard I know I have a goog
One of the fellas asks
If he should take me for a one way ride
Then I see him jerking a nod
Just then a Chicago pineapple flys through the window
I think I'll be out of this dump in a Chicago overcoat
One of the goons grabs the Chicago pineapple
Tosses it out of another window
They all begin to burn powder
I duck to stay out of the Chicago lightning
I see lead smashing into everything in sight
One of the fellas takes a shiv to me
Once the Chicago lightning ends
Mr. Levy and his goons are nowheres to be seen
I take to the air
Covering up the Harlem sunset
With a rag that was by the door
Today hasn't been much of a cat's pajamas
I get outside find myself in front of an old hash house
Then I hear 'Grab a little air'
I look around and see buttons
Waving their buzzers at me in one hand
And the other their piecesTrying to find my roost
one lidded, late afternoon,
the consolation of color
worked up like neediness,
like craving chocolate,
I'm at Art Institute favorites:
Velasquez's "Servant,"
her bashful attention fixed
to place things just right,
Beckmann's "Self-Portrait,"
whose fishy fingers seem
never to do a day's work,
the great stone lions outside
monumentally pissed
by jumbo wreaths and ribbons
municipal good cheer
yoked around their heads.
Mealy mist. Furred air.
I walk north across
the river, Christmas lights
crushed on skyscraper glass,
bling stringing Michigan Ave.,
sunlight's last-gasp sighing
through the artless fog.
Vague fatigued promise hangs
in the low darkened sky
when bunched scrawny starlings
rattle up from trees,
switchback and snag
like tossed rags dressing
the bare wintering branches,
black-on-black shining,
and I'm in a moment
more like a fore-moment:
from the sidewalk, watching them
poised without purpose,
I feel lifted inside the common
hazards and orders of things
when from their stillness,
the formal, aimless, not-waiting birds
erupt again, clap, elated weather-
making wing-clouds changing,
smithereened back and forth,
now already gone to follow
the river's running course.Chicago Bean
I finally captured
smiles please
it is a wonderful sculpture
worth seeingYou can hear the excitement start to linger as the early morning train departs.
Finally at the station everyone rushes toward the exit like Kaner on a breakaway to the goal.
We all walked to Grant Park like little kids running after an ice cream truck.
You are a part of the sea of red walking through the gates surrounded by police.
Finally, we made it. We are inside the park.
We ran through huge crowds pushing and shoving trying to get to the corner of the street like Andrew Shaw searching for the puck in front of the net.
We all waited anxiously to see our favorite players.
There it is, it’s the Stanley Cup. I can see it shining like the pregame ice on “The Madhouse on Madison”.
You try to take pictures as people scream and jump to get a closer look.
It’s “The” Jonathan Toews, captain of The Chicago Blackhawks, raising ‘The Cup’ to kiss it.
You can see the pride of the 3 million fans as confetti is shot when the players drive by celebrating.
It’s over and you try to get out of the park like Marian Hossa skating out of the penalty box.
You’re stuck in the train station not able to move, surrounded by smelly loud fans for two hours.
Finally the doors open and people push and shove like they are in a hockey fight.
You run onto the train weaving through people to try and save a seat for your friends just as Patrick sharp weaves through players to score goals.
As you leave the station you see everyone slip down into their seats like they just got hit in the face with a puck.Sing the Chicago
Blues
Sing the Chigago
Blues
Chigago is the windy cityDemons must follow
straight path
through the silver poplar grove-
wise villagers contrive twists
Lo! sacred precincts
'big smelly swamp'
Potawatomi name for place
near hardwood forest-
dinosauer gingko and winged monarchs
thrive next to the swamp
walking the dog
she pauses to look up at me-
a blizzard of scarlet and gold
autumn's splendid death-
master and canine gape in aweThrough all the moving thoroughfares
And in the contending marts of trade;
Within the babbling magazines and
Even as I rode the surcharged vehicles
Which rolled at dizzy onwardness
Without the impulse of the harnessed steed;
During the waking hours, bewhiles
I battled with the reckless wind
And closed my eyes against the tossing clouds
Of vitrified disturbance, soot, dust,
Tattered papyrus and all the medleyed rubbish
Of the city's ways;
All this time, as I again declare,
And likewise in the night, when I,
In company with highty-ti revelers,
Did run with bunches of anticipation
Toward the gleaming letters far above
The portals of Thespis' temple;
And later yet, when all we creatures of the night
Did seek our warm retreats
To feast on rabbits, explosive salads
And the clammy crabmeat of commerce;
All during this long while, as I do now
Most solemnly and fearfully asseverate,
There came to my ear, with never pause,
A soft and hollow rattle.
At times, methought, 'twas like the
Spilling of many dead men's bones
In the adjoining vault. Again,
It seemed more like the tapping '
Of distant castanets — a dream
Of dark-eyed Spanish women, soiled and superb,
Who moved in jerky measures while
The yellow dust rose to obscure
The fierce colors. But, truth to tell,
'Twas neither. Clickety-click, clickety-click,
I heard it yet again, and I asked:
' Is this some dread distemper of the brain,
Some fungus growth in my imaginings?
Do I alone of mortal men distinguish
This smothered clatter, hidden, elusive ?'
When I did full relate my fears
To the good y Esculapius, he said:
' Fear not; 'twas actual sound you heard,
And you are not, as you might well suppose,
Entirely separated from your trolley.'
Continuing, then, with kindly air, he told:
' The tiny rattling sounds which do attend
You and all others in this wintry clime,
Are the concussions of the quinine pellet
Tossing within its pasteboard cage;
For know you well that all men,
Likewise the women and the tender young,
The aged and infirm no more than those
Who claim youth's lusty strength,
The plain and eke the fair,
The rich and humble, frugal and
Improvident, all, all, carry concealed
The potent ammunition of the season;
And as they move upon their daily
Occupations, you hear from underneath
Their woolen garments, toward the Jaeger depths,
Muffled and yet distinct, and always rhythmical,
' Clickety-click, clickety-click, clickety-click,'
The tattoo of the quinine pellet.
Join all the others — take my solemn tip,
Prepare to meet thine enemy, the grip.'The Chicago style hot dog is
An all beef frankfurter cooked done,
Steamed, boiled or grilled the vendors' biz,
Then put on a poppy seed bun.
Yellow mustard is put on top,
With green sweet pickle relish near.
Then add some white onions, chop, chop,
Tomato slice, dill pickle spear,
Just a dash of celery salt.
Dragged through the garden, so to speak.
But use ketchup, and face the fault
For react havoc that would wreak.
One is living high on the hog,
Chowing down a Chicago dog.With you,
With, with you,
You,
Only you,
Saw I,
Saw I Chicago dreams,
Chicago dreams
With you,
With, with you,
You,
Only you, you,
You, you,
Only you, only you
Chicago,
Chicago dreams,
Chicago dreams,
My love,
Love,
You holding my hand,
I, I holding yours,
going,
Going around
Chicago,
Chicago,
My love,
Love,
Dreaming
And dreaming,
You and I,
You an I,
I and you,
I and you,
My love,
My love,
I, I with you,
You,
You with me, me,
My love
Going,
Going with
Chicago,
Chicago dreams,
Dreams
And dreaming,
Dreaming together,
Together
Holding the hands,
Holding
The hands,
My love.Columbia, all hail!
May thy banner ne'er be furled
Till Liberty, with her beauteous rays,
Enlighten all the world.
Columbia, to thee
From every clime we come,
To lay our trophies at thy feet-
Our sunbright, glorious home.
'Twas a lovely autumn morn,
And the leaves were turning red,
And the sturdy oaks and graceful pines
Their branches over-spread;
And the breezes softly swept
The hills and valleys o'er;
And the dew-kissed earth with incense sweet,
Crowned forest, grove and flower.
On a grassy knoll near by
Where the rustling leaves were piled,
Knelt a mighty chief of a mighty tribe,
And his band of warriors wild.
For the rising sun had shown
To the trained eyes of that band,
That vessels three, like white-winged birds,
Were steering straight for land.
Whence comes this stranger fleet?
Whence hails this Pale Face crew?
And the chieftain's brow was wrapped in pain
As his tomahawk he drew.
Then, with quivering voice, he said
Some evil may betide;
From the land of the sky this host has come-
Let's haste to the river side.
And the warriors started forth
Like fawns through the forest trees;
When lo! what a wondrous, solemn sight-
'Pale Faces' on their knees!
Before the Holy Cross,
Each with uncovered brow,
Prayed the mighty God, that His blessings e'er
Might this fair land endow.
And the stalwart braves-awe-struck-,
With heads bowed low on breast
As the veteran sailor proudly cried
San Salvador, the blest!
And this first, grand solemn act
Has been chronicled in heaven;
For, from East to West of this broad, fair land,
Has God's benison been given.
Then hail! bright, sunny land!
Home of the free, the brave!
From the eastern shores to the western plains,
Let thy banner proudly wave.
Nations beyond the seas
Shall worship at thy shrine,
Honor and wealth, and matchless power,
Columbia! be thine.On October 8th at 9 pm a fire flared from O’Leary’s farm,
In the city of Chicago, fires from hell raged at 9: 40 am when someone pulled the alarm,
Firefighters were sent out to the left when the fires flared to the right,
One flame caught onto another where screams were heard from fright,
The fires spread to houses and sheds from superheated winds,
Winds so powerful it burned through human skin,
From the West of the Chicago River it burned down the local church,
The house of God lit up in flames that in rapid pace flared and lurched,
Until it swarmed southbound to the branch of the river,
Reality was hell on earth the devastation it delivered,
With firewood packed closely next to wooden buildings the storm never calmed,
From Sunday night through Monday morning hell raged fury in napalm,
The flame got bigger and spread across the land,
While the city burned hundreds fell into the fire that ran,
A catastrophe that will forever scar Chicago land,
Fires that grabbed hundreds of innocent lives from hells hand,
Embers from the fire flooded the city streets,
Burned down buildings, houses, and the grounds beneath,
Hell on Earth the fires burned everything in sight,
The sky burned above fires that lit the night,
Firefighters tried to wash it away but couldn’t,
A natural disaster from hell that could cease but wouldn’t,
For two days the Chicago land was lit in flames,
The Great Chicago fire that destroyed the city and took names,
It was until later Monday night that drizzles from the tears in sky calmed the storm,
The beautiful Chicago city to destruction and ruin was the aftermath of transform,
The causalities claimed about 300 lives,
Where fires caught the 300 in a natural disaster comprised,
Never will Chicago forget the flames the scourged the land,
A false tale of a cow kicking over a lantern from the barn that was a scam,
The lives that ate the superheated winds when they ran,
Never will Chicago forget when hell won over the 300 lives of man.I took you back to my poem
we made words all night long
to the rhythm of the trains
on the track by my window
and the gunshots below
until the sirens were still
and the bag ladies
buried in bags in the snow
Chicago, Chicago
I took you back to my poem
and we rhymed
the whole night throughI feel the tug of life
on my apron strings
the ebb and flow
of the big city.
I feel the wilderness
letting go.
I feel awakening
a ferocity of my own.
I feel the pull of the world
on my bootstraps.
the sites I've yet to see.
I feel my skin
settling in to the skin
of the big city.
I feel my veins pumping with the life
of this new city.
I feel my tissues revitalized,
I feel the virtigo of life
swarming around me.
I feel the call
of the city
even now.
And I must go, to this new place,
and feel life, at a new pace.
11-4-03Even the skyscrapers
on Lake Shore Drive
somehow look
desolate and desperate
as they peer across
ice floes in the lake
toward April blossoms
somewhere in the neighborhood
of southern MississippiMy body has changed forever,
The needle piercing my skin,
Making forth an image, the art so clever,
Ink marking my heritage, and my kin.
The needle piercing my skin,
It forms a four-leaved shamrock,
Ink marking my heritage, and my kin,
Watching the clock slowly clicking, tick-tock, tick-tock.
It forms a four-leaved shamrock,
Now forming an orange, white, and green flag,
Watching the clock slowly clicking, tick-tock, tick-tock,
Marking my body, as if it were an Irish tag.
Now forming an orange, white, and green flag,
My body,17 years old, but feeling a new,
Marking my body, as if it were an Irish tag,
For now I’m a walking art, with this new tattoo.In August,1868,
Was started the Lincoln Park Zoo.
A gift of mute swans did create
The time and place, and did accrue
Gifts of other animals that
Led to the public to support
A safe, protected habitat -
An ark for animals - all sort.
Millions of visitors each year
Come to the Zoo to hear and see
Wonders of wildlife living near.
The visit to the Zoo is free.
The Zoo that's found in Lincoln Park,
Still time and place of wildlife ark.We're twins - and the most famous in
Downtown Chicago River side.
Sixty story tower - each twin.
Half minute elevator ride.
A corn cob appearance times two.
Apartments - cut pieces of pie,
Each one having a stunning view
Of the Windy City nearby.
Many movies and T.V. shows
Have featured us in varied scene.
Most famous is the car that goes
River splash with us 'twixt and 'tween.
Both of us still sitting pretty,
Rise above Marina City.the aura of dusk
it walks alone at
segregated paths
you walk
towards a room
which can never
be your home
for your home is here
and there is no
promise
that you will come
back
no one figures out
the reason
for this self
ostracism
if you ask me there
are designs for
happy shapes which
time in some ways
shall teach
us
how to mold and cut
and finally
show
you walk away and
that is the end of
how we can think of you
what we have is a mist
and then
the morning light
takes it
away
i know how cold it is
there
but what can we really do?Shikaakwa was a stinky plant
In Miami/Illinois land.
When other food sources were scant,
'Twas eaten by the tribal band.
The plants did grow abundantly
Along the shores of a great lake.
When there the natives had to be,
'Twould hold noses for stinky sake.
There was a large river nearby.
Natives could leave fast in canoes.
While being there, most would ask why.
'Twas not the place that most would choose.
This place native wild onions grow,
Grew the city of Chicago.In Chicago, I am O'Hare,
The international airport.
I am reached by the world by air.
Biggest, busiest - brags I court.
My worst year was '79,
Taking off, Flight One Ninety One
Crashed into a runway of mine.
Hundreds on board - surviving none.
I got my name from a hero,
'Butch' O'Hare, the first flying ace
Who during World War II did go
To destiny in time and place.
ORD about me is what you see,
Cuz ORcharD Field I used to be.I stand in Chicago's Gold Coast,
1340 North State Parkway.
Hugh Hefner (Hef)  liked me the most,
And bought me for Playboys to stray.
70 rooms for frolic fun,
With the skimpily clad bunnies,
In a classical French mansion,
A basement 'grotto, ' if you please.
I was filled with pleasures galore,
A Playboy could get anything.
Etched in Latin on the front door,
Saying, 'If you don't swing, don't ring.'
Hef left me for lure of L.A.
I'm a bunch of condos today.I've dreampt of living in Chicago all my life.
I'd roam around and do what I please,
not thinking about yesterday's problem or tomorrow's tasks.
I'd sulk in the energy just thinking about here and now,
not about what's to come or what has passed.
I'd just be in Chicago free and at peace.Hog Butcher for the World,
Tool Maker, Stacker of Wheat,
Player with Railroads and the Nation's Freight Handler;
Stormy, husky, brawling,
City of the Big Shoulders:
They tell me you are wicked and I believe them, for I
have seen your painted women under the gas lamps
luring the farm boys.
And they tell me you are crooked and I answer: Yes, it
is true I have seen the gunman kill and go free to
kill again.
And they tell me you are brutal and my reply is: On the
faces of women and children I have seen the marks
of wanton hunger.
And having answered so I turn once more to those who
sneer at this my city, and I give them back the sneer
and say to them:
Come and show me another city with lifted head singing
so proud to be alive and coarse and strong and cunning.
Flinging magnetic curses amid the toil of piling job on
job, here is a tall bold slugger set vivid against the
little soft cities;
Fierce as a dog with tongue lapping for action, cunning
as a savage pitted against the wilderness,
Bareheaded,
Shoveling,
Wrecking,
Planning,
Building, breaking, rebuilding,
Under the smoke, dust all over his mouth, laughing with
white teeth,
Under the terrible burden of destiny laughing as a young
man laughs,
Laughing even as an ignorant fighter laughs who has
never lost a battle,
Bragging and laughing that under his wrist is the pulse,
and under his ribs the heart of the people,
Laughing!
Laughing the stormy, husky, brawling laughter of
Youth, half-naked, sweating, proud to be Hog
Butcher, Tool Maker, Stacker of Wheat, Player with
Railroads and Freight Handler to the Nation.with redded toes, she's
jumping on the lake.
with steeled smoke, she
chokes the jumped rope and the
seen saw.
with a million downtown-
ish eyes, she marries Apathetic
Smile to Prejudiced Laugh.
with a heart blossomed
from a hellflower, she pats each
holying Church on the head.
with her lamp bragging,
she tiptoes to a basket noisemuchly
under its placing.
with her slip showing, she
makes loving seem no word
but
i remember softly my city
is no bigger than
my star
(May 9,1965)Call on me! !
Here in the garden of love;
In the land of the living.
Colours of love and life!
Accepting all mankind without racism;
Gains of righteous morals,
Offering peace to the World.I watched the Chicago skyline
Become bright at the height of twilight
On a rooftop twenty-nine flights
I felt the daily fight
Die down as the world around
Changed from day to night.
The darkness fell
But failed to consume.
The lights were on with
Humans in full-bloom.
The drinks then poured
That freedom to assume.
On that lonely walk home
You just whistled a pleasant tune.
We watched the Chicago skyline
Until dawn switched on the metro lines
And a million people began moving in time
To their improvised versions of life
Their life, their lives.
Follow the rhythms throughout the day
but only in it's time should you ever stay
Otherwise create one all your own and
prepare to dance with a few or to just dance alone.Men said at vespers: 'All is well!'
In one wild night the city fell;
Fell shrines of prayer and marts of gain
Before the fiery hurricane.
On threescore spires had sunset shone,
Where ghastly sunrise looked on none.
Men clasped each other's hands, and said
'The City of the West is dead!'
Brave hearts who fought, in slow retreat,
The fiends of fire from street to street,
Turned, powerless, to the blinding glare,
The dumb defiance of despair.
A sudden impulse thrilled each wire
That signalled round that sea of fire;
Swift words of cheer, warm heart-throbs came;
In tears of pity died the flame!
From East, from West, from South and North,
The messages of hope shot forth,
And, underneath the severing wave,
The world, full-handed, reached to save.
Fair seemed the old; but fairer still
The new, the dreary void shall fill
With dearer homes than those o'erthrown,
For love shall lay each corner-stone.
Rise, stricken city! from thee throw
The ashen sackcloth of thy woe;
And build, as to Amphion's strain,
To songs of cheer thy walls again!
How shrivelled in thy hot distress
The primal sin of selfishness!
How instant rose, to take thy part,
The angel in the human heart!
Ah! not in vain the flames that tossed
Above thy dreadful holocaust;
The Christ again has preached through thee
The Gospel of Humanity!
Then lift once more thy towers on high,
And fret with spires the western sky,
To tell that God is yet with us,
And love is still miraculous!Your violet eyes, your black hair flying in the wind. I glance out the window and see the highway we're on. I wonder when we'll get there. to the city I've choosen to stay for college.
You spoke to me, saying we'll be there soon. You hold my hand on the seat of your truck. The truck you'll be selling, for a motorcycle. i smile, remembering how excited he was when he told me.
Chicago, that's where we're headed. It's where I need to be for college. He parks the truck finally in front of our new apartment. My other roomates aren't there yet, but they will be soon.
Chicago is gorgeous, but I'm not staying long.
Just four years and I'm gone.There is a place not far from here
A place that I must go
A place to escape all my troubles
The city of Chicago
The place I am right now
Is quite simply a living hell
But I never went to Chicago
So i guess it may be as well
But from What I've heard
It's a very exciting spot
And the place I am right now
Most definitely is not
I need to leave this aria
And I have to make it there
To create a brand new life for myself
And find a person who will care
Yes, I must go to Chicago
To get away from all my deceptions
For I have lead good people to believe
My many misconceptionsVotre foi c'est en ce que vous tenez,
Monstre, le dos tourne aux lacs.
Vous recueillez les villes serrees, aux brides de fer
Noueuses a votre prise gelee.
Mais vos yeux somniferes et sauvages, comme ceux d'un taureau blanc,
Ne se tournent ni a l'Est ni a l' Ouest.
Quelquefois une maladie vous emprend-
Des mouvements convulsifs se passent le long de vous....
Je crois qu'ily ait un enfant geant qui regimbe en vous,
La ou votre sang s'ecoule comme un fleuve sous sa glace.
-'Chicago'.  Lola Ridge.  1924.I'm goin' to Chicago
I'm goin' back that way, someday
I'm headin' back to Chicago.
I'm goin back to Chicago
And you know I mean to stay
At the Hotel Blackstone when I go.
Though winds may winge and blow
Off th' lake and freeze my face;
Though it may heavily snow
Sideways and hit ten below,
It'll be warm at my baby's place-
That much I do know.
I'm gonna' ride that old Metro
To th' museum down the way-
See Mista's Wood and Georgie Bellows, too.
There I'll sip pernod
All day
And watch the icicles grow
When I go back to Chicago.Going home
means
warmth and
family and
work and
friends
since childhood
It means
being someplace
that
never changes
at least
in my mind
But in
my haste
I sold
the house
and
gave up
the job
The childhood
friends all
grew up
and
the family
died off
Now
there is
no home
to go toNarendranath Dutta was born in Calcutta
Chicago brought forth Swami Vivekananda.Chicago ice nights
on the Loop
peering into windows
of great steaks & chops
smelling glorious
bread & butter
melting in the snowdrifts
tasting frostbitten salads
of the South Side
& warming in the glow
of a Greyhound’s exhaust
drinking steamy coffee
over gloomy
manhole covers
& sampling
apple pie in
dark alleys
of Cicero.
frozen stars crackling
in December wind
snowflakes covering
the very moon-
i head westChicago why do you have to change?
chicago acting so plan
chicago your better than what the people
say your the first thing that comes to mind
chicago is a place being with all kinds
of faces learning about new cases to in
brace the mistakes that people make like acting
fake why chicago?I saluted a nobody.
I saw him in a looking-glass.
He smiled--so did I.
He crumpled the skin on his forehead, frowning--so did I.
Everything I did he did.
I said, "Hello, I know you."
And I was a liar to say so.
Ah, this. looking-glass man!
Liar, fool, dreamer, play-actor,
Soldier, dusty drinker of dust--
Ah! he will go with me
Down the dark stairway
When nobody else is looking,
When everybody else is gone.
He locks his elbow in mine,
I lose all--but not him.The Lincoln Park Zoo reaches out
'Round the Chicago neighborhood,
To share of nature all about,
How human connect can be good,
Ever growing in time and place,
Spreading the truth of nature's worth,
Made better by the human race,
'Round the neighborhood, 'round the Earth.
Within the beauty of Zoo grounds,
Or in endeavors far and wide,
Bettering nature knows no bounds,
Lincoln Park Zoo is filled with pride.
Lincoln Park Zoo phenomenon,
The Pride of Chicago thrives on.I  live in chicago
A very windy city
But tonight I will dance the Chicago samba
Once again
But when I dance the chicago blues
I sweat like crazy
And I feel like a kid again
But when I hear the chicago samba being played by the local musiciams
In the streets of chicago I get very excited
Because I know that their music cam be  heard also from faraway
And bring me back memories of homeI am surprised by the streets of Chicago
when the palm of winter grips them with snow
as if to forgive the city’s mistakes
and give it a canvas that’s new, white, and clean–
its fingers, the branches on all of the trees
kneading the air that blows in from the lake.
I’ve never lived next to the pulse of the lake
(until I set foot down the side of Chicago)
breathing in through the streets and out through the trees
welcoming the cool of the wet, numbing snow.
It lets my mind slip into thinking it’s clean
as if to personally forgive my mistakes.
“But what have you done to forgive your mistakes? ”
Did I ask this? Or is that the voice of the lake?
Some days, not even does it appear clean,
worn down from its tall standing neighbor, Chicago.
It scrapes at the sky, asking it for more snow
to stick to and freeze the trunks of the trees.
If I were a branch on one of these trees
incapable of making a single mistake,
I’d grab at the sky as it shook out the snow
and grow my roots thick till they tasted the lake.
But I wouldn’t bend to the force of Chicago
that’s constantly keeping me from being clean.
And what does it mean to try to be clean?
I don’t understand the stillness of the trees
when they’re being attacked by the size of Chicago
as if to glorify the city’s mistakes
that glisten like stars at night on the lake
before it all froze and was covered with snow.
Ah! To imagine how long there’s been snow.
How can something this old still feel so clean
and dance through the wind that swoops in from the lake?
Is it the kneading by the spiny branches on trees
trusting that there will be no more mistakes
that leaves these the only pure thing in Chicago?
Here comes the snow that seeks out the trees
Am I now clean? Where are my mistakes?
Chicago belongs where it lay with the lake.If we tear it apart and I hug you too hard
maybe we can go
back to that Chicago skyline
and not worry about all the monsters and mountains we've seen here.
I'm made of feathers when you breathe out
words I've never wanted to hear
so I am crying out the dust you've left in my chest
I want to catch what you want between my teeth and give it to you
I want to dance until I can build myself back into stone
but I have never been able to dance
when you're not here.
Now I can see how we are so good at failing.
All I want is to go
back to Chicago
so we can be the girls standing where the earth meets the water,
so the tide will never rise if you stand so still,
close your eyes,
only open your mouth
to tell me this is where we belong
and I will clutch your pieces even if they draw blood from my hands,
make me believe we are surviving and
you will never fade again.
If I can't take you with me
I will paint you into the Chicago skyline.I’m keeping it smooth, stepping so tight,
a Chicago Stepper’s in the house tonight.
It’s the end of the day, I’ve been patiently waiting.
Now I’m headed home to shower and change.
Looking at the guys in their fly gear, checking out
themselves in the mirror.  I see you ladies in your
high stepping heels and you’re looking as good as you feel.
I don’t have to wait until Friday to find what I seek,
In Chi-town there’s a steppers set every day of the week.
I’m haunting the clubs looking for the crowd
to hit the floor, stepping proud.
All the heavy hitters out to shine,
if you want to step with them you gotta get in line.
I don’t even play and I can’t rest
as I’m taking notes from the best of the best.
I feel the beat of the music as I stay on count,
when it’s all done right there’s no coming down.
I’m keeping it smooth, footwork is tight,
‘cause Chicago steppers are out tonight.Bert Alward
The brawling voices babble as before
Though one is hushed : the noblest and the best
Is taken from our midst, and yet the rest
Still fight, and shout and wrangle on the floor.
But we shall never feel his presence more.
Nor hear his merry laugh and constant jest :
The Shades have welcomed an unwilling guest,
And darkness hides him on the farther shore.
Ah, cruel Death, why dost thou joy to show
Thy power by striking down the young and fair,
Letting the weak and old escape the blow ?
Restore thy victim we so ill can spare !
Nay, for 'tis best, and thus he shall not know
Old age, disease or poverty or care.So good to be home
and out of the heat.
All those excess people reminded I'm alone
as I explored the busy Chicago streets.
So good to be mild
and not full of heat.
All those old buildings reminded I'm only a child
as I explored the ancient Chicago streets.
So good to be recognized
and not sweating in the heat.
All those dollars spent reminded me of the love I'm still denied.
as I explored the poor Chicago streets.
So good to be back from running away
and back from the heavy, humid heat.
All of the luggage and vacations reminded me problems come to stay.
as I left, for a long time, those Chicago streets.Living a dream,
watching as the days go by.
The boys up the street watching,
as another drug buy goes down.
Everyone sharing in its poison.
Needles on the ground.
Heaven is one step from excepting,
another high flyer.
Powder, pills, liquer, its all the same.
One person will hit his knees tonight,
enjoying the rush and pain.
Remember it's not the price you pay,
but rather the enjoyment of the chase.
Go ahead and dream my borthers and sisters.
Because one day is coming,
that is never forgotten.
The day we all cry when you pass away.I was travelling the new world
and on my way from north to south
I found myself in Chicago
I saw the sunrise and forgot about you
It shone a different light
and I escaped you - there is someone else on my mind for now
It brought to light the windy city,
cold and bleak,
like the embers of you and me
I knew I was off to a better places
where the sun shines, clearing my head
there you fade with the setting sunFirst of all, did not 3 Black teens savagely beat & stomp a kid who is White?
On a Public School Bus no less in Florida while the driver watched the fight?
This innocent 13 year old kid received two black eyes and a fractured hand,
No Al Sharpton, no Jesse Jackson but the march on D.C they helped plan.
Of all indignities, The Chicago Teachers Union is going in unified support,
The Travyon killing but not Black murders in Chicago, they should abort,
Because for every 1 young Martin since that fateful Sanford, Florida day,
Hundreds of Blacks in their city have been shot close to 100 passed away.
Does Al’s, “National Action Network” & Jesse’s, “Rainbow Coalition, ”
Really have a united cause or do they only supply Racist ammunition?
Whereas, this White youth viciously attacked by three older Black teens,
Sparked very little if any outrage by these guys seeking support in green.
Donations to the cause are sought online, in church, in person, at rallies,
Nationally, Blacks killing Blacks in the thousands, the death toll tallies,
The four children of Martin Luther King Jr. also will be hosting as well,
Wondering if the senseless beating by 3 Blacks on 1 White any will tell?
August 21-28, is celebrating 50 years since MLK’s, “I Have A Dream, ”
Would Martin not berate those responsible for killing and beating a teen?
The Chicago Labor Freedom Riders bus trip is merely a slap in the face,
School begins August 26, yet some teachers are absent, what a disgrace.
A mass email sent to the entire Chicago Teachers Union, urges a protest,
Attend the march for foreclosures, the verdict, not students doing their best?
“We are marching for Trayvon, jobs, schools, health care, justice & dignity, ”
Ok, should not these educators begin not in D.C. but their own community?
A Black Cleveland RTA Bus Driver left his seat when a girl spit in his face,
But the Black school bus driver sat on his butt in Florida, what a disgrace,
This driver in Cleveland stood up for his rights and he should be rehired,
Yet the coward in Florida who barely raised his voice needs to be fired.
“Highlights the structural racism in our society, ” the email beseeches as well,
May they be referring to the continued attack on the White teen after he fell?
“Mass incarceration of our youth, ” is another of the Teachers Union concerns,
Possibly they’ll begin by teaching respect is only given after it’s been earned.I got my name, most people say,
Cuz el train tracks went round and round.
And so tiz just a friendly way
To reference me where I be ground.
But my boundaries really bode
From Lake Michigan on the east,
And then south to Roosevelt Road.
On north and west my sides are creased
By the Chicago River flow.
I'm filled with lots of old and new
Fact and fiction the world does know.
There is no end to points of view.
I am the home to quite a group -
Downtown Chicago in The Loop.The Yards was what the world called me.
Where Chicago did meet the meat,
Packed in over a century,
Butchered for all the world to eat.
The Chicago River did pump
Half a million gallons per day.
Loads of beast decay I did dump.
I did smell bad from long away.
Sinclair's 'The Jungle' gave me shame.
Sinatra's 'My Kind of Town' sang.
Sandburg's 'Chicago' gave me fame.
Tourists came to me, just to hang.
I was torn down in progress fate.
All that remains is my main gate.1893 was the year.
October 28th the night.
The Chicago World's Fair was near
Ending as a great success bright.
Mayor Carter Harrison prepared
A closing speech, wise and witty.
Thanks to the speeches he had aired,
Chicago dubbed the Windy City.
No more would the Mayor speechify.
A deranged assassin did shoot
Three bullets, and the Mayor did die.
The World's Fair's grand ending went mute.
This World's Fair closed on a sad note.
The long speech unheard the Mayor wrote.Chicago was once
A city of strong shoulders
Times of strong,long gone
© 2018.M.N. HopkinsTo-day, fair Thisbe, winsome girl!
Strays o'er the meads where daisies blow,
Or, ling'ring where the brooklets purl,
Laves in the cool, refreshing flow.
To-morrow, Thisbe, with a host
Of amorous suitors in her train,
Comes like a goddess forth to coast
Or skate upon the frozen main.
To-day, sweet posies mark her track,
While birds sing gayly in the trees;
To-morrow morn, her sealskin sack
Defies the piping polar breeze.
So Doris is to-day enthused
By Thisbe's soft, responsive sighs,
And on the morrow is confused
By Thisbe's cold, repellent eyes.I was built in 1914
On a Chicago city block.
Wrigley Field had come to the scene,
Where Cubs baseball fever would rock.
Some decades later, ivy grew
Famously on my outfield walls.
Baseball officials made me do
Lights later for the night game balls.
Corner of Clark and Addison,
My main entry marquee does call
Of welcome to some magic fun,
The Friendly Confines beckon all.
Oh when, oh when will ever be
A World Series be played in me?I
Now tidy your house,
dust especially your living room
and do not forget to name
all your children.
II
Watch your step. Sight may strike you
blind in unexpected places.
The traffic light turns orange
on 57th and Dorchester, and you stumble,
you fall into a vision of forest fires,
enter a frothing Himalayan river,
rapid, silent.
On the 14th floor,
Lake Michigan crawls and crawls
in the window. Your thumbnail
cracks a lobster louse on the windowpane
from your daughter's hair
and you drown, eyes open,
towards the Indies, the antipodes.
And you, always so perfectly sane.
III
Now you know what you always knew:
the country cannot be reached
by jet. Nor by boat on jungle river,
hashish behind the Monkey-temple,
nor moonshot to the cratered Sea
of Tranquillity, slim circus girls
on a tightrope between tree and tree
with white parasols, or the one
and only blue guitar.
Nor by any
other means of transport,
migrating with a clean valid passport,
no, not even by transmigrating
without any passport at all,
but only by answering ordinary
black telephones, questions
walls and small children ask,
and answering all calls of nature.
IV
Watch your step, watch it, I say,
especially at the first high
threshold,
and the sudden low
one near the end
of the flight
of stairs,
and watch
for the last
step that's never there.With all the violence going on in the world there is one controversy,
And it is not about an Alderman's or Chicago Mayor's idiosyncrasy,
It has to do with all pertinent things notwithstanding, a Chick-Fill-A,
The denial of opening an eatery because of what the owner had to say.
Mind you, this is Chicago where gang violence is on par with Iraq,
Going to public school is like Afghanistan as you might come back,
Certified dead, not from RPG's or IED's but from gunshot wounds,
7 year-old Heaven Sutton killed selling lemonade was way too soon.
Rham Emanuel lashed out at thugs responsible, "Who raised you? "
Well, actually Mr. Mayor, the exact same question is proposed too,
For your agreeing with Alderman Proco "Joe" Moreno on this ban,
As company President Dan Cathy agrees with God & not with man.
'Chick-Fil-A values are not Chicago values, ' this mayor has said,
I should hope so, imagine eating chicken fingers ending up dead,
While drug transactions, car jacking & all felonies continue to rise,
I've never heard of death by gunshot for not turning over your fries.
16 year-old Shakaki Aspy sitting on her porch, shot thrice in her chest,
If this was on the battlefield in a war zone, maybe a bulletproof vest?
Also shot was Leon Cunningham 18, who had been wounded before,
Already confined to a wheelchair no longer able to walk out the door.
First Amendment concerns aren't being violated yet zoning is not a right,
However, "life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness is, " so why the fight?
Anyone who finds quoting the bible offensive may they not eat elsewhere?
Mr. Mayor, Mr. Alderman aren't there more serious issues for you to care?dear mama,
today is your 78th birthday
i can't join you but i am sending a little money
for your party
do not forget to invite our tenants
feed them well
how can i ever forget your birthday?
i am very sorry
i may have quarelled with you
but deep in my heart
mama
i love you very much.
may all sons remember this
as i will always remember it
there is no mother who wishes harm to her children
like you mama
thank you for giving me life
thank you for all the good things
i love you mama
may you have more birthdays to come.
love,
dodongShe participated in the inaugural festivities in Washington, D.C.,
15 years old, King College Prep Marching Band, she would see,
President Barrack Obama & history in the making for a 2nd time,
Back home in Chicago, dismissed from school early, all was fine.
Finished with her exams, huddled under a canopy, avoiding rain,
A local park,2: 30 P.M. with a dozen others, then the shots came,
As a lone gunman jumped a fence then opened fire in the crowd,
And like the aftermath at Sandy Hook, parents weeping out loud.
2 more were shot, probably rival gang members, aimed & missed,
While this scenario has and will play out again, an innocent kiss,
Kiss of death that is, once again the intended only suffer wounds,
The vibrancy of preciousness coupled with promise ends too soon.
Although Pendleton didn't have gang affiliation they were on scene,
Association with the wrong put an end to Hadiya's hopes & dreams,
Some in the group were fellow student members of the volleyball team,
Gunshots sent everyone running from the park amid panic and screams.
Armed with deadly force the gangbanger had no consciousness of life,
Hit or miss, for whatever reason, someone had to pay, wrong or right,
'All of it makes no sense, ' Lakeisha Stewart told the Chicago Tribune,
'She was following (her parents)   rules' but it didn't make her immune.
Very well liked honor student, athlete, majorette at King College Prep,
And yet there is one major factor in these incidents all tend to forget,
Bullets don't have feelings you'll be killed as the target or by chance,
1st The Capital, next on her agenda a trip with classmates to Paris France.
There were 500 known murders in Chicago last year with 42 as of 1/29/13,
Statistics can sometimes be misleading so elaborate exactly what it means,
Well, we can talk about, make and pass however many laws on gun control,
Effect will be minimal if we continue to release convicted killers on parole.
Jay Carney said, 'Obama's prayers are with the family it's a terrible tragedy, '
Here is a better idea, get with Congress and come up with a better strategy,
'She was an amazing person -  always positive, ' classmate Bria Carter said,
So were the 20 elementary kids at Sandy Hook however, they too are dead.
In Germany due to no speed limits it takes 6 months to get a license to drive,
Imagine if it took that long to get gun permits how many more might be alive,
Through proper training and learning of firearms rules along with procedures,
Municipalities could safely arm private citizens and most importantly teachers.The poetry of the Americas,
Democrat and republican
New York,
Chicago,
Philadelphia,
Write I
The poetry of
Los Angeles,
Washington,
Boston,
New Orleans,
Las Vegas,
Write I.
American vibes and Americanism,
Americas and Americanness,
Write I of
Seattle,
Miami,
Atlanta,
Savannah,
Detroit,
Baltimore,
Portland,
Oklahoma,
Cincinnati,
Write I.
Their vibes, life and culture,
Urbanity and modernity,
Dress and city culture,
Idiosyncrasies and nuances
Of the language,
Styles and manners,
Etiquette and behaviour,
Take I a note of
While striding,
Passing through,
Viewing them,
For my poetic medium
Of expression,
Catching the rhythm of life,
Venting my feelings.O GOD! in danger's darkest hour,
In battle's deadliest field,
Thy name has been our Nation's tower,
Thy truth her help and shield.
Our lips should fill the air with praise,
Nor pay the debt we owe,
So high above the songs we raise
The floods of mercy flow.
Yet Thou wilt hear the prayer we speak,
The song of praise we sing,--
Thy children, who thine altar seek
Their grateful gifts to bring.
Thine altar is the sufferer's bed,
The home of woe and pain,
The soldier's turfy pillow, red
With battle's crimson rain.
No smoke of burning stains the air,
No incense-clouds arise;
Thy peaceful servants, Lord, prepare
A bloodless sacrifice.
Lo! for our wounded brothers' need,
We bear the wine and oil;
For us they faint, for us they bleed,
For them our gracious toil!
O Father, bless the gifts we bring!
Cause Thou thy face to shine,
Till every nation owns her King,
And all the earth is thine.Of forthcoming weather no prophet have they,
For the ground hog is there to be seen every day.People walking, freely talking of many happy days.
But then the wind begins to blow,
and all the angels let down holy snow.
City filled with children playing in the snow,
with twinkles in their eyes as they begin to throw.
Said one kid to another, 'say your prayers my dear brother.'
'Lord, ' said the kid all dressed in red,
'my name lord is, Jimmy George Fred.
Make these things which roam the streets, nice, and sweet,
or freeze off their toes, and hurt their feet. Amen! ! 'Would McDonald be alive if he
were white named John
and not black named Laquanon his third marriage
he still has preschoolers
at an age where
he is supposed to go
on a Caribbean cruise
or a getaway in the
Bahamas
his first marriage
was a case of betrayal
while he works away
from him
his wife invited her man
in the marital bedroom
his second marriage was
worst
the woman turns out to
be a lesbian
his third marriage is a kind
of suspense
ten years younger than
his actual age
and bearing him
for now three children
and he is looking still
for more spillson his third marriage
he still has preschoolers
at an age where
he is supposed to go
on a Caribbean cruise
or a getaway in the
Bahamas
his first marriage
was a case of betrayal
while he works away
from home
his wife invited her man
in the marital bedroom
his second marriage was
worst
the woman turns out to
be a lesbian
his third marriage is a kind
of suspense
ten years younger than
his actual age
and bearing him
for now three children
and he is looking still
for more thrillWhere will the lovely lady go
on her diurnal walk?
One child in 30 years she bore,
now they do not talk.
Supple, firm, her lithe legs are,
young men wheel and gawk.
A husband left her money, though,
a poodle, too, to walk.know what?
to have my own baby
is really an obsession
i made an attempt
w/ a young puerto rican
(now in her 37 yrs)
divorcee in 2006;
she got preggy in 2008
but had a miscarriage after 12 wks! ;
Felt proud but angry!
We ended up the affair last 2009 Feb;
Moved to Chicago Aug 24/10;
filed divorce in Jan/11/11(WIsconsin):
Final judgment last June 10/11;
Now back to solo flight....
(oh the pangs of pride and anger!)
...I want my life to be an open book;
some kind of legacy to
and for the coming generation -
religious and otherwise;
the 'don't follow' kind of thing;
I have an 'open secret' hurting
and disgusting experience
w/c affected my self-formation
and outlooks!
It's an open secret because
the last to know about it is my family!
Not even my own deceased father (6/5/2005)
knew about what happened to me
after they sent me to the parochial high school
in nearby town!
It's what I called a 'betrayal of trust! 'Of Compton I'm not the least bit afraid!
To the thought of Chicago I drink cool aide or lemonade!
Cosa Nostra, by them I could never die!
The FBI, like standing next to a fly
Harmless! No chess move! Truth is, I'm immortal peace!
My life, like the universe, will never decease! - Joshua Aaron GuilloryOf Compton I'm not the least bit afraid!
To the thought of Chicago I drink Kool-Aid or lemonade!
Cosa Nostra, by them I could never die!
The FBI, like standing next to a fly
Harmless! No chess move! Truth is, I'm immortal peace!
My life, like the universe, will never decease! - Joshua Aaron GuilloryI sit on the Water Tower waiting
chapped hands in a visor over my eyes
looking toward Durham
hoping I see
you in that gossamer gown
on the road to Chicago.
I don't care if you stop
by Confederate streams
to pick phallic rocks
so long as you rise
release all your hair
and float on to Chicago.
No more will I sit
on the Water Tower waiting.
I'd rather go blind
than see through the sun
you in that gown
ascend in the air
pirouette in the wind
giggle again and
float back to Durham.'My age, my beast!' - Osip Mandelstam
On the lips a taste of tolling we are blind
The light drifts like dust over faces
We wear masks on our genitals
You've heard of lighting cigarettes with banknotes we used to light ours with Jews
History is made of bricks you can't go through it
And bricks are made of bones and blood and
Bones and blood are made of little tiny circles that nothing can go through
Except a piano with rabies
Blood gushes into, not from, our wounds
Vietnamese Cuban African bloods
Constellations of sperm upon our bodies
Drunk as dogs before our sons
The bearded foetus lines up at the evolution-trough
Swarmy bloods in the rabid piano
The air over Chicago is death's monogram
This is the Were-Age rushing past
Speed: 10,000 men per minute
This is the species bred of death
The manshriek of flesh
The lifeless sparks of flesh
Covering the deep drums of vision
O new era race-wars jugular-lightning
Dark glance bursting from the over-ripe future
Know we are not the smilelines of dreams
Nor the pores of the Invisible
Piano with rabies we are victorious over
The drum and the wind-chime
We bite back a voice that might have emerged
To tame these dead bodies aid wet ashes1
“Limon tree very pretty
And the limon flower is sweet
But the fruit of the poor lemon
Is impossible to eat”
In Riverside we saved the oranges first (by smudging) and left
the lemons last to fend for them selves. They didn’t usually
A no good crop. Smudge-pots
Didn’t rouse them. The music
Is right though. The lemon tree
Could branch off into real magic. Each flower in place. We
Were sickened by the old lemon.
2
Pieces of the past arising out of the rubble. Which evokes Eliot
and then evokes Suspicion. Ghosts all of them. Doers of no
good.
The past around us is deeper than.
Present events defy us, the past
Has no such scruples. No funeral processions for him. He died
in agony. The cock under the thumb.
Rest us as corpses
We poets
Vain words.
For a funeral (as I live and breathe and speak)
Of good
And impossible
Dimensions.
3
In the far, fat Vietnamese jungles nothing grows.
In Guadacanal nothing grew but a kind of shrubbery that was
like the bar-conversation of your best friend who was
not able to talk.
3
Sheets to the wind. No
Wind being present.
No
Lifeboats being present. A jungle
Can’t use life-boats. Dead
From whatever bullets the snipers were. Each
Side of themselves. Safe-
Ly delivered.
4
The rind (also called the skin) of the lemon is difficult to
understand
It goes around itself in an oval quite unlike the orange which, as
anyone can tell, is a fruit easily to be eaten.
It can be crushed in canneries into all sorts of extracts which are
still not lemons. Oranges have no such fate. They’re pretty
much the same as they were. Culls become frozen orange
juice. The best oranges are eaten.
It’s the shape of the lemon, I guess that causes trouble. It’s
ovalness, it’s rind. This is where my love, somehow, stops.
5
A moment’s rest. I can’t get a moment’s rest without sleeping
with you. Yet each moment
Seems so hard to figure. Clocks
Tell time. In elaborate ceremonial they tick the seconds off
what was to come.
Wake us at six in the morning with messages someone had given
them the night before.
To pierce the darkness you need a clock that tells good time.
Something in the morning to hold on to
As one gets craftier in poetry one sees the obvious messages
(cocks for clocks) but one forgets the love that gave them
Time.
6
The moment’s rest. And the bodies entangled and yet not
entangled in sleeping. Could we get
Out of our skins and dance? The bedclothes
So awry that they seem like two skins.
Or all the sorts of skins that we wore, wear (the orgasm),
wanted to wear, or would be wearing. So utterly tangled.
A bad dream.
A moment’s rest. The skins
All of them
Near.
I saw the ghost of myself and the ghost of yourself dancing
without music.
With
Out
Skin.
A good dream. The
Moment’s rest.health care is not in danger
not affected by recession
because the white people and the black people
all level up
to old age and no child shall ever have the time
to care for each of them
and so here you are
too confident about your future
cleaning the sheets
administering the medication
taking and throwing shits.Rows of blankly box-like buildings
Raise their sodden architecture
Into the poised lyric of the sky.
At their feet, pawn-shops and burlesque theatres
Yawn beneath their livid confetti.
In the pawn-shop windows, violins,
cut-glass bowls and satchels mildly blink
Upon the mottled turbulence outside,
And sit with that detached assurance
Gripping things inanimate.
Near them, slyly shaded cabarets
Stand in bland and ornate sleep,
And the glassy luridness
Of penny-arcade flays the eyes.
The black crowd clatters like an idiot's wrath.
II
Wander with me down this street
Where the spectral night is caught
Like moon-paint on a colourless lane . . .
On this corner stands a woman
sleekly, sulkily complacent
Like a tigress nibbling bits of sugar.
At her side, a brawny, white-faced man
Whose fingers waltz upon his checkered suit,
Searches for one face amidst the crowd.
(His smile is like a rambling sword.)
His elbows almost touch a snowy girl
Whose body blooms with cool withdrawal.
From her little nook of peaceful scorn
She casts unseeing eyes upon the crowd.
Near her stands a weary newsboy
With a sullenly elfin face.
The night has leaned too intimately
On the frightened scampering of his soul.
But to this old, staidly patient woman
With her softly wintry eyes,
Night bends down in gentle revelation
Undisturbed by joy or hatred.
At her side two factory girls
In slyly jaunty hats and swaggering coats,
Weave a twinkling summer with their words:
A summer where the night parades
Rakishly, and like a gold Beau Brummel.
With a gnome-like impudence
They thrust their little, pink tongues out
At men who sidle past.
To them, the frantic dinginess of day
Has melted to caressing restlessness
Tingling with the pride of beasts and hips.
At their side two dainty, languid girls
Playing with their suavely tangled dresses,
Touch the black crowd with unsearching eyes.
But the old man on the corner,
Bending over his cane like some tired warrior
Resting on a sword, peers at the crowd
With the smouldering disdain
Of a King whipped out of his domain.
For a moment he smiles uncertainly.
Then wears a look of frail sternness.
Musty. Rabelaisian odours stray
From this naïvely gilded family-entrance
And make the body of a vagrant
Quiver as though unseen roses grazed him.
His face is blackly stubbled emptiness
Swerving to the rotted prayers of eyes.
Yet, sometimes his thin arm leaps out
And hangs a moment in the air,
As though he raised a violin of hate
And lacked the strength to play it.
A woman lurches from the family-entrance.
With tense solicitude she hugs
Her can of beer against her stunted bosom
And mumbles to herself.
The trampled blasphemy upon her face
Holds up, in death, its watery, barren eyes.
Indifferently, she brushes past the vagrant:
Life has peeled away her sense of touch.
III
With groping majesty, the endless crowd
Pounds its searching chant of feet
Down this tawdrily resplendent street.
People stray into a burlesque theatre
Framed with scarlet, blankly rotund girls.
Here a burly cattle-raiser walks
With the grace of wind-swept prairie grass.
Behind him steps a slender clerk
Tendering his sprightly stridency
to the stolid, doll-like girl beside him.
At his side a heavy youth
Dully stands beneath his swaggering mask;
And a smiling man in black and white
Walks, like some Pierrot grown middle-aged.
Mutely twinkling fragments of a romance:
Tiny lights stand over this cabaret.
Men and women jovially emboldened
Stroll beneath the curtained entrance,
And their laughs, like softly brazen cow-bells,
Change the scene to a strange Pastoral.
Hectic shepherdesses drunk with night,
Women mingle their coquettish colours. . . .
Suddenly, a man leaps out
From the doorway's blazing pallor,
Smashing into the drab sidewalk.
His drunken lips and eyelids break apart
Like a clown in sudden suicide.
Then the mottled nakedness
Of the scene comes, like a blow.
Stoically crushed in hovering grey
Night lies coldly on this street.
Momentary sounds crash into night
Like ghostly curses stifled in their birth. . . .
And over all the blankly box-like buildings
Raise their sodden architecture
Into the poised lyric of the sky.Stumbled out of bed this mornin'
Don't know where I been.
Don't know what the haps last night
But it must have been a sin.
‘Cause today I got the lowdown blues,
The Southside Chicago mind-numbin' blues
I know my baby left me
That much I will confess.
Said I was a no-good worthless bum
And my life was in a mess.
Gave me the sorrowful blues,
The Southside Chicago pate-scramblin' blues.
Got out the frying pan
Made me some eggs and ham.
What a miserable life you lead
When you're livin' on the lam.
It's enough to give an old ex-con the lowlife blues
The Southside Chicago brain-dead blues.
Got to get my act together
Got to get my baby back
‘Cause I'm no good without her
And that's a goddurn fact.
Got to shake these dreadful blues,
These Southside Chicago drivin'-me-crazy blues.
Called her on the phone today
Begged her come on home
Promised I would shape up good
And never more to roam.
These awful blues are killin' me
These Southside Chicago ball-breakin' blues
She said Don't call me up no more
You're just a no-good cheatin' liar
I wouldn't even piss on you
If you was caught afire
I hope you keep your freakin' blues
Those Southside Chicago pot-smokin' blues.
Please don't give up on me
Try to show some pity
‘Cause without you life is empty
In this lonely windy city
While I suffer with these desolation blues
These Southside Chicago mind-numbin',
Pate-scramblin' brain-dead, drivin'-me-crazy,
Ball-breakin', pot-smokin' BLUES!This red hush toppling over the sky,
Wanders one step toward the stars
And dies in a questioning shiver.
The steel-mill chimneys fling their gaunt seeking
A little distance into the red
That softly combs their smoky hair.
The steel-mill chimneys only live at night
When crimson light makes love to them
And star-light trickles through the red,
Like glimpses of some far-off fairy tale.
Throughout the day the steel-mill chimneys stand
Rigidly within the wind-whirled glare:
Only night can bring them supple straightness.
II
From the little, brown gate that does not see them
Because its eyes are blind with wooing soot,
An endless stream of men scatters out
Into the cool bewilderment of morning.
Upon their lips a limply child-like surrender
Curves out to the light, as though they felt
The presence of an unassuming strangeness.
The morning hides from their eyes:
They walk on, in great strides,
Like blind men swinging over a well-known scene.
Their faces twitch with echoes of iron fists:
Their faces hold a swarthy stupor
Loosened by little fingers of morning light
Until it droops into reluctant life.
And then their eyes, made flat by night,
Swell into a Madonna-like surprise
At children trooping back in huge disguise.
the oranges in lunch-room windows change
To sleek suns dipped in sleepy light,
And rounded tarts in china plates
Are like red heart-beats, resting but not dead.
A trolley-car speeds by
And seems a strident lyric of motion.
Wagons rumble down the street
Like drums enticing weariness to step. . . .
The hearts of these steel-striding men
Ascend and blend within their eyes,
And yet, these men are unaware of this.
They only feel a fluid relief
Voicing, in a clustered roar,
The cries of struggling thoughts unshaped by words.
But there are some who break forth from the rest.
This old Hungarian strides along
And binds naïvely-winged prayer-sandals
Upon the heavy feet of shuffling loves.
Gently, he plays with his beard
As though his fingers touched a woman's hair.
And this young Slav whose surly blasphemy
Curls his face into a simple hate,
Has taken iron into his laugh
And uses it to hew his stony mind.
While this Italian whose deep olive skin
Shines like sunlight groping through dense leaves,
Forgets his battered happiness
And bows with mock grace to his shouting day.
Beside him is a fellow-countryman
Walking aimless, dazed with joy of motion.
Upon his face a glistening vacancy
Lights the mildly querying thoughts
That seek each other but never meet.
Behind him steps a stalwart Pole
Whose rhythmic, stately insolence
Turns the sidewalk into a grey carpet,
Grey as the shades that race across his face
And show the savage squalor of his soul.
Night has broken her heart upon him,
Only scarring his bitter smile.
A street of little, jack-o'-lantern houses
Veering into leering saloons,
Where the night, a crazy child,
Dips herself in sallow rouge
And chases oaths and heavy mirth
And even human beings:
Where the smoky sadness of the steel-mills
Wanders hesitantly into death
And drops a ghostly blur upon this girl.
Her numbly waxen, cherub face
Emerges gently from the doorway's blackness
As though the dark had given birth to it.
And then the falling light reveals
That something of a village hangs about her:
Something slumbering and ample.
The doorway is too small to hold
Her shoulders that are like a hill's broad curves
Dwindled in the distance. . . .
She is one of many earth-curved girls
Who listened to the insistent tinkle
Of wind-winged music from a far-off land:
Listened and knew not
That their own hearts faintly played.
So she ran to this far phantom,
Only finding it within herself
When the city's sly fists rained upon it.
Then once more she fled
With a dead heart whose restless pallor
Crept to squalid wantonness, for refuge.
And now she stands within this doorway,
Uttering muffled innuendos
To the drained men of her race.
Yet, something of a village hangs about her:
Something slumbering and ample
Stealing from the earth curves of her shoulders.
III
The steel-mill workers straggle down this street,
Clanging shut the doorways of their souls,
And the sound rips their lips open.
The steel-mill workers do not know of this:
They only seek something that will sweeten
The dirt that has eaten into their flesh
And change it to raw music.
They straggle down this street,
Their faces slack and oiled with amorousness.
Like cats they play with their desires,
Biting them with little laughs
Until the sallow houses draw them in.
And then the night pursues their revelry:
Echoes from the shut doors of their souls.
IV
Three bent women and a child
Stoop before the steel-mill gate
As though the morning's ghastly murmur
Washed against them in a wave
Stiffening them into resisting curves.
One is old and floridly misshapen.
Years have melted out within her frame,
Flooding her with lukewarm loves.
The wrinkles on her flabby face
Are like a faded scrawl of pain
Scattered by the flesh on which it rests.
Her frayed shawl hanging unaware of her
Is a symbol of her heart.
The woman standing at her side
Is tall and like a slanting scarecrow
Coldly jerking in the morning's glare.
Only when she lifts a bony hand
Tapping life against her face,
Does the image disappear.
Dead dreams dangle in her heart,
Limply hanging from their rainbow sashes,
And whenever one sash trembles,
Then, she lifts a gnarled hand to her face
And tastes a moment of departing life.
Near her stands a slimly rigid woman
With an iron fear upon her bones.
A worn straight-jacket of lines
Cuts the dying youth upon her face.
The slender child beside her,
Buried within staidly murky clothes,
Glances frightenedly up at her mother:
Glances as one who dances to a gate
And fumbles for a latch that hides itself.
Then from the rusty-reveried steel-mill gate
An endless stream of men scatter out
Into the cool bewilderment of morning.
Upon their lips a limply child-like surrender
Curves out to the light, as though they felt
The presence of an unassuming strangeness.Showering down an arc of meteors as it clacks across an off-kilter joint,
The 'L' grumbles above Lake Street,
Smearing early morning as the Kosher butchers trundle their loads up ramps into the hungering maw of road behemoths snoring in anticipation.
The sky moves from bruised to blue.
There's chocolate in the air at the corner of Halsted
Inviting me to cross the backward flow of home's river rushing toward the glacial scar the city embraces.
The spider web of streets converge at Grand Avenue
As diesel-spewing buses, empty for a few more hours, huff
And a bowler-hatted Buddha smiles and invites all comers in for patchouli and jasmine tea at a bistro down the block.
Taxis chuff quietly in queues as do their Babel of drivers at Finkel's Deli at North Branch.
No fares to collect until the third edition wheels out of the Tribune's presses just up the road
Even though the bulldog is already scattered and tattered in the parking lot.
Teeter tottering above the canal as a mast makes its way past at road level,
An exclamation point slowly passing while the bridge stands at attention,
The roadway rumbles as the steel slowly lowers to kiss the further shore.
Such is the greeting Sol gets each Chicago morning as I saunter through the core
And it climbs from floor to floor up the gaudy Hancock with its pronged crown.
Sinatra said its all razzmatazz, but I know it really rumbles at dawn.Hey, you sittin' over there by yourself...
Are ya playin' wit yerself, or a handy mini pocket elf, offa yer homely home's bookshelf?
EyE Said, it's time yew hid and resume playin' wit yerself! !
Whut, yew kinnot here mey?
Well, just yew go down to frickin' Hell! ...
Don't mind me, I will not tell.
Hey Tinkle Bell, Yew fuckin' Fairy...
If looks were gay, Yew'd be fuckin' scarey!
Nobody ever said anythin when i was just a fuckin' law breakin' teen...
When i said to a wandering by woman, Hey, can i sample and feel yer twin boxes.
Or every bi-stander was silent when i ran between the movin' cars on the Chicago El....
Iffin dey did, i'd tell em ta just go on deep into Hell.
Ah yes! I do miss those long ago days of teen days.
The End.Born into freedom,
at liberty to roam,
explore all things.
Young, no skill to elude hunters.
Pod terrorized, futile attempts to protect younglings.
Noises, ropes, cries of cetaceans,
two-legged creatures leaping into water,
binding two young females, children of others.
Placed in a sling, heavy, heavy
out of liquid element, entreaties
mouths opening, closing, gasping,
conveyed by a clanging, fetid vehicle
to a place of unknown water,
pumped in from a polluted lake,
an "oceanarium" far from oceanic waters.
Now, two-legged creatures feed, touch,
teach them tricks to amuse schoolchildren,
rewarding with dead fish.
They swim, dive, in a concrete pond,
flailing flukes helplessly,
singing sad songs no one hears.the bridges of Chicago
are not the bridges of Paris
or the bridges of Amsterdam
except they are a definition
almost no one bothers to define
like life full of surprises
in what now looks to be the oldest
modern American city
o apparition of the movie version of
the future circa 1931
the bridges soon filled with moving lines
of people workers' armies
in the darkness of first December visit
along the water
bend of the Chicago River
the cliffs of architecture like palisades
at night the stars in windows
stars in the poem you wrote a sky
through which the el train pulls its lights
in New York streets of childhood
is like a necklace (necktie) in the language of
old poems old memories
old Fritz Lang visions of the night before
the revolution the poor souls
of working people we all love
fathers or uncles
lost to us in dreams & gauze
of intervening 1960s
there are whole tribes of Indians
somewhere inhabiting
a tunnel paradise
they will wait it out still
with a perfect assurance of things to come
everyone so well read in old novels
maybe the economics of disaster Ted
depressions of the spirit
so unlike the bright promise of
the early years
gloss of the young life easing death
atop a hill in Lawrence Kansas
the afternoon sky became aluminum
(illumination)
played on a tambourine to calm
the serpent fear
the material corpse that leaves us vulnerable
everyone will come to it I think
I do not think you dig it
getting so out of hand so far away
but we remain & I will
make another visit soon
hope we can take a walk
together it is night & we are
not so bad off have turned forty
like poets happy with our sadness
we are still humans in a city overhung
with ancient bridges
you pop your pill I laugh
look back upon the future of
America & remember
when we both wrote our famous poems called
Modern TimesThe great Chicago Fire, friends,
Will never be forgot;
In the history of Chicago
It will remain a darken spot.
It was a dreadful horrid sight
To see that City in flames;
But no human aid could save it,
For all skill was tried in vain.
In the year of 1871,
In October on the 8th,
The people in that City, then
Was full of life, and great.
Less than four days it lay in ruins,
That garden City, so great
Lay smouldering in ashes,
In a sad and pitiful state.
It was a sad, sad scene indeed,
To see the fire arise,
And hear the crackling of the flames
As it almost reached the skies,
And sadder still, to hear the moans,
Of people in the flames
Cry for help, and none could get,
Ah, die where they remained.
To see the people run for life;
Up and down the blazing streets,
To find then, their escape cut off
By the fiery flaming sheets,
And others hunting for some friend
That perhaps they never found,
Such weeping, wailing, never was known,
For a thousands miles around.
Some people were very wealthy
On the morning of the 10th.
But at the close of the evening,
Was poor, but felt content,
Glad to escape from harm with life
With friends they loved so well,
Some will try to gain more wisdom,
By the sad sight they beheld.
Five thousand people were homeless,
Sad wanderers in the streets,
With no shelter to cover them,
And no food had they to eat.
They wandered down by the lake side,
Lay down on the cold damp ground,
So tired and weary and homeless,
So the rich, the poor, was found.
Mothers with dear little infants,
Some clinging to the breast.
People of every description
All laid down there to rest,
With the sky as their covering,
Ah, pillows they had none.
Sad, oh sad, it must have been,
For those poor homeless ones.
Neighboring Cities sent comfort,
To the poor lone helpless ones,
And God will not forget them
In all the years to come.
Now the City of Chicago
Is built up anew once more,
And may it never be visited
With such a great fire no more.''The South Side of Chicago'' by David Hart
The South Side of Chicago
Whence those childhood years were spent
Skip-walking upon grimacing cracked sidewalks
Hastening through filth floored garbage canned
flanked alleyways to-
The forlorn house-windows weeping chrystalline shards-
cascading glass tears
'Property Condemned' blared in scarlet on the door.
'Someone lives there' it was said,
'the man who gathers things from the garbage cans'
The pebble strewn church yard, where, in prickly winter,
scarved boys coerce the bell to toll with swift flung
snowballs catapaulted to a shivering bell tower.
The South Side of Chicago,
The year of the big church fire
That day it did burn and claw
At the hot black night sky.
People gathered, assembled in solemnity
Aghast, huddled and shoving to see
That hallowed place whose torrents
Of Sunday's serenities and dressups
Now would no longer be.
The South Side of Chicago
There, the swill darkened tavern
That nightly gulped down shadow faced spectres
A lad cries out, 'the bar, someone stabbed in the
head, come and see'.
'Not I', I said, 'not a sight I'd care to see',
as an acidic sadness enveloped me.
The boys came together wearing their
jackets and coats-symbols affixed, emblems
proudly donned-so they knew who they were.
'Wanna join? '  'No thanks', I said, 'Glad to be
just solitary me'.
I watched them, fighting their rivals
With chains, steel pipes and knives
Fearing their bloody deeds.
Content to be alone
Alone and free
The South Side of Chicago
In cramped classrooms scented in
soap and sawdust
Mostly attentive I would be
Amidst tatterly clothed children
-waiting for recess, lunch or
time to go home.
At recess, the garbage men came
And roused a battalion of rats
That scattered pell-mell
Amidst little girl shrieks
and screams
Little boys chortling
Chased those rats frightened
away
Far away
On the South Side of Chicago
2001DHartUSAshe wears
two platinum bracelets
on her
wrists
dressed in golden
yellow
her reading glasses
on
she poses as he takes her
picture
against the yellow leaves
falling
the wind passes
another year is marked
in the autumn of
their yearsThey can be Ph.D. guides or supervisors
But I cannot be
As it is not in my lot,
They can be Ph.D. guides or supervisors
But I cannot
As because they in universities
And I in a small town but govt.-salaried college.
They without the research experience can be
But I cannot be a Ph.D. guide
And even if, I shall have to be in a look out
For probable research candidates
And they too like to approach those
Who have a control over the university staff
Otherwise the technicalities will prove burdensome
Than their Ph.D. guidance.
Even after writing a few, many have moved to foreign
As for guest faculties,
Fellowship programmes and teaching  assignments
But they are not the best,
As something depends on one's good luck too,
Something as destiny too draws it close,
You may call it fate too.
What do you want from me, what to give, you say it,
I worked on Nissim Ezekiel, Jayanta Mahahpatra and Adil Jussawalla,
I worked on Khushwant singh's columns,
I worked on the novels and short stories of D.H.Lawrence,
On his sketches, letters, prose-pieces and reviews,
I worked on contemporary Indian English poetry
And the history and tradition of it,
I worked on the terracotta temples of Chandrakona,
Dilapidating and falling, the limsestone powder and small brick built
And what do you want me to do?i may neglect
you for a while
my friend
for i am speaking to
a neighbor
just a stone throw away
from where
i am standing
it is different
when i speak using
my native tongue
i feel my roots down
under my feet
on the other hand
how it feels is like
seeing my old mother
again
back in the house of
our childhood
outside the guava
trees are bearing so
much fruits
heavy on its branches
tomorrow perhaps all
will be ripe
but the sad thing is
this: there is no child
anymore here
who is for the pickingIn your hands you have the sun
In my heart I have the moon & stars
We fold this wide distance like
A paper, a letter where we have once written
Words that rekindle some old fires
Long, long time ago
I sleep in the dark and there you are
Lost and finding your way out
From so much lighthello mawe, if you are stil there
alive and listening
if you still have the shadow of
autumn and spring
if you still stand there beside the glass
walls of malls
staring at the thick snow beyond you
mawe, my friend, please tell me
'what does the snow of chicago tell you? '
please tell me what is it
that still bothers
the calm waters of your heart?
merry christmas.
happy new year.
why are you more silent than the snow?Tough streets of Chicago, you made me who I am.
Tough streets of Chicago, for me you had a plan.
You forced me to observe, what kids my age did not.
You taught me to look and see, always looking for a plot.
You taught me to react, and kept me on my toes.
You taught me to examine, the actions of my foes.
You forced me to react, in situations dire.
You made sure I would function, when I came under fire.
You made sure I was tough, made sure I'd understand,
the skills that I would need, when I joined uncle Sam.
Tough streets of Chicago, I almost went insane.
Tough streets of Chicago, you caused me so much pain.
You made me grow up fast, always dodging death.
You made me run from danger, could hardly catch my breath.
You took most of my friends, why, I'll never understand.
You made it possible to count, all my friends on one hand.
You took them in their teens, you took them very young.
You took them way before, to live they had begun.
Tough streets of Chicago, my tour is almost up.
Tough streets of Chicago, with your gangster posting up.
Tough streets of Chicago, can't get you off my mind.
Tough streets of Chicago, I miss those streets of mine.
Tough streets of Chicago...............................Chicago
this other
Paris
With first-rate museums, a world-famous aquarium, and miles of bike paths and trails along Lake Michigan, any time is the right time to visit the Windy City, even winter. See Chicago's forest of skyscrapers from the observation deck of the 110-story-high Sears Tower, the tallest building in North America. On the Loop's streets, find sculptures by Picasso, Miró, Chagall, and other masters, as well as cafes serving some of the country's best deep-dish pizza. At Millennium Park, a 24.5-acre urban oasis, take a spin on the skating rink and see 'Cloud Gate, ' an impressive jelly bean sculpture reflecting the city’s famed skyline.Millennium Park Cloud Gate
our cameras freeze
a part of the millennium
Millennium Park Cloud Gate
coming out of my mouth
the millennium inside me
Millennium Park Cloud Gate
the millennium inside me cheers
on the millennium outisde
Millennium Park Cloud Gate
we freeze the millennium
with a click of our cameras
Millennium Park Cloud Gate
we stop the millennium
for a friendship picture
Millennium Park Cloud Gate
grinning at the fists
at our own faces
he throws a millenium joke
as she takes his picture
'that's the smartest guy on earth'
Millennium Park Cloud Gate
we take fist at own face pictures
in  the steel mirror
Millennium Park Cloud Gate
scowling our faces
for the picture of the millennium
Cloud Gate Steel Mirror
raising my hand up ala
statues of liberty
Chicago
With world-class museums, unparalleled food, and first-rate theater, Chicago's got a legit claim to fame. Check out one of the city's newer additions, Millennium Park, with its quirky public art and fun, warm weather activities. Start off the weekend with yoga in the park and cool off in the fountains, or catch an evening music or dance performance after eating some authentic Chicago deep dish pizza on nearby Michigan Avenue.Drive! !
Arrive,
Dive into the truth;
Trump-Tower in Chicago!
Live,
Alive! ! !
Facing the facts of life.January 14, 1880
CHICAGO sounds rough to the maker of verse;
One comfort we have--Cincinnati sounds worse;
If we only were licensed to say Chicago!
But Worcester and Webster won't let us, you know.
No matter, we songsters must sing as we can;
We can make some nice couplets with Lake Michigan,
And what more resembles a nightingale's voice,
Than the oily trisyllable, sweet Illinois?
Your waters are fresh, while our harbor is salt,
But we know you can't help it--it is n't your fault;
Our city is old and your city is new,
But the railroad men tell us we're greener than you.
You have seen our gilt dome, and no doubt you've been told
That the orbs of the universe round it are rolled;
But I'll own it to you, and I ought to know best,
That this is n't quite true of all stars of the West.
You'll go to Mount Auburn,--we'll show you the track,--
And can stay there,--unless you prefer to come back;
And Bunker's tall shaft you can climb if you will,
But you'll puff like a paragraph praising a pill.
You must see--but you have seen--our old Faneuil Hall,
Our churches, our school-rooms, our sample-rooms, all;
And, perhaps, though the idiots must have their jokes,
You have found our good people much like other folks.
There are cities by rivers, by lakes, and by seas,
Each as full of itself as a cheese-mite of cheese;
And a city will brag as a game-cock will crow
Don't your cockerels at home--just a little, you know?
But we'll crow for you now--here's a health to the boys,
Men, maidens, and matrons of fair Illinois,
And the rainbow of friendship that arches its span
From the green of the sea to the blue Michigan!'My age, my beast!' - Osip Mandelstam
On the lips a taste of tolling we are blind
The light drifts like dust over faces
We wear masks on our genitals
You've heard of lighting cigarettes with banknotes we used to light ours with Jews
History is made of bricks you can't go through it
And bricks are made of bones and blood and
Bones and blood are made of little tiny circles that nothing can go through Except a piano with rabies
Blood gushes into, not from, our wounds
Vietnamese Cuban African bloods
Constellations of sperm upon our bodies
Drunk as dogs before our sons
The bearded foetus lines up at the evolution-trough
Swarmy bloods in the rabid piano
The air over Chicago is death's monogram
This is the Were-Age rushing past
Speed: 10,000 men per minute
This is the species bred of death
The manshriek of flesh
The lifeless sparks of flesh
Covering the deep drums of vision
O new era race-wars jugular-lightning
Dark glance bursting from the over-ripe future
Know we are not the smilelines of dreams
Nor the pores of the Invisible
Piano with rabies we are victorious over
The drum and the wind-chime
We bite back a voice that might have emerged
To tame these dead bodies aid wet ashesWaiting patiently a quarter to one,
we heard the whistle blow.
I looked at the others, took deep breaths,
it’s almost time to go.
The train approached, there it was
bigger than life in front of me.
my first time to jump the coal train
and take that coal for free.
We ran with strength and agility,
sprung like jumping jacks.
Took our places a top the car,
zooming along the railroad tracks.
Quickly with all the strength we had,
we threw coal to the ground.
The next task was to bag it up
and sell it in our town.
The coal train came everyday
at a quarter to one,
my first day would be my last,
I put my coal bag down.
Another true story of my childhood in Sydney Nova
Scotia.  Jumping the old coal train to make a few cents,
very little gain indeed.  Looking back once again, I see
the danger of the act, for what was profited certainly
wasn’t worth all that.  A word to the young, “stay out
of harms way, remain honest and true,  the coal train
was not for me and certainly not for you.
Written:  March 27/2007[NOTE: THIS POEM IS NOT TO BE USED ANYWHERE WITHOUT MY CONCENT. PLEASE USE THE LINKS IN MY BIOGRAPHY OR MESSAGES ON THIS SITE TO CONTACT ME. THANKS.]
I can't remember,
Skipping rocks on the pond,
My childhoods forgotten,
My Childhoods lost,
Going to the lake,
Sitting on the beach,
Playing with friends,
or dancing in the streets,
I can't remember,
The crash in the fog,
My childhood was forgotten,
My childhood was lost,
The doctor doing surgery,
Me getting pills,
I can't remember any of it,
None of it's clear,
I still can't remember,
How it is gone,
My childhood forgotten,
My childhood's lost!
Well I'm gonna end it right now,
I gonna kill myself off,
A childhood Forgotten,
A childhood lostHear someone giggle,
Peer out, there is no one... puzzled;
am here smiled drizzle.Some call it checkers,
I call it draughts.
Don't play with me
If you think it's just a game
And you don't mind losing.
I play a mean game. I play to win.
Old Peter Salaveros taught me
When I was a boy.
We played on a scrubbed table
In the seamen's mess,
Just him and me.
We played seriously.
Neither of us smiled.I am glad I met you on the edge
Of your barbarous childhood
In what purity of pleasure
You danced alone like a peasant
For the stamping joy's own sake!
How, set in their sandy sockets,
Your clear, truthful, transparent eyes
Shone out of the black frozen landscape
Of those gray-clothed schoolboys!
How your shy hand offered
The total generosity
Of original unforewarned fearful trust,
In a world grown old in iron hatred!
I am glad to set down
The first and ultimate you,
Your inescapable soul. Although
It fade like a fading smile
Or light falling from faces
Which some grimmer preoccupation replaces.
This happens everywhere at every time:
Joy lacks the cause for joy,
Love the answering love,
And truth the objectless persistent loneliness,
As they grow older,
To become later what they were
In childhood earlier,
In a world of cheating compromise.
Childhood, its own flower,
Flushes from the grasses with no reason
Except the sky of that season.
But the grown desires need objects
And taste of these corrupts the tongue
And the natural need is scattered
In satisfactions which satisfy
A debased need.
Yet all prayers are on die side of
Giving strength to naturalness,
So I pray for nothing new,
I pray only, after such knowledge,
That you may have the strength to be you.
And I shall remember
You who, being younger,
Will probably forget.A COUPLET OF PABLO NERUDA HAD INSPIRED ME TO COMPOSE THIS POEM. COMPOSED ON 8TH OCTOBER 1980.
**************************************** *************************************
Oh beauty! Thy face is
Slumber and pale so deep
In the smalt of night,
In this silent hour.
Oh dreams! Thy rainbow feathers
I saw in my bed
Void of that golden hue
That once my years filled.
Oh song! So echoing thy strings-
Was so enchanting once.
Now with tears engrave on thy grave
An ode in this silhouette.
Oh sweet days! Why now weep
Fondling in silence with candid feelings?
That quiet little brook whispers unto me
Of our childhood avenues so sacred.
Oh my soul! Thou from the distant past
Bring me a faint whiff of my childhood.
You were my first delight, you gifted me
Umpteen poems to light my solemn hours.My mother stands at the screen door, laughing.
“Out out damn Spot,” she commands our silly dog.
I wonder what this means. I rise into adult air
like a hollyhock, I’m so proud to be loved
like this. The air is tight to my nervous body.
I use new clothes and shoes the way the corn-studded
soil around here uses nitrogen, giddily.
Ohio, Ohio, Ohio. Often I sing
to myself all day like a fieldful of August
insects, just things I whisper, really,
a trance in sneakers. I’m learning
to read from my mother and soon I’ll go to school,
I hate it when anyone dies or leaves and the air
goes slack around my body and I have to hug myself,
a cloud, an imaginary friend, the stream in the road-
side park. I love to be called for dinner.
Spot goes out and I go in and the lights
in the kitchen go on and the dark,
which also has a body like a cloud’s,
leans lightly against the house. Tomorrow
I’ll find the sweat stains it left, little grey smudges.
Here’s a sky no higher than a street lamp,
and a stack of morning papers cinched by wire.
It’s 4:00 A.M. A stout dog, vaguely beagle,
minces over the dry, fresh-fallen snow;
and here’s our sleep-sodden paperboy
with his pliers, his bike, his matronly dog,
his unclouding face set for paper route
like an alarm clock. Here’s a memory
in the making, for this could be the morning
he doesn’t come home and his parents
two hours later drive his route until
they find him asleep, propped against a street lamp,
his papers all delivered and his dirty paper-
satchel slack, like an emptied lung,
and he blur-faced and iconic in the morning
air rinsing itself a paler and paler blue
through which a last few dandruff-flecks
of snow meander casually down.
The dog squeaks in out of the dark,
snuffling me too me too. And here he goes
home to memory, and to hot chocolate
on which no crinkled skin forms like infant ice,
and to the long and ordinary day,
school, two triumphs and one severe
humiliation on the playground, the past
already growing its scabs, the busride home,
dinner, and evening leading to sleep
like the slide that will spill him out, come June,
into the eye-reddening chlorine waters
of the municipal pool. Here he goes to bed.
Kiss. Kiss. Teeth. Prayers. Dark. Dark.
Here the dog lies down by his bed,
and sighs and farts. Will he always be
this skinny, chicken-bones?
He’ll remember like a prayer
how his mother made breakfast for him
every morning before he trudged out
to snip the papers free. Just as
his mother will remember she felt
guilty never to wake up with him
to give him breakfast. It was Cream
of Wheat they always or never had together.
It turns out you are the story of your childhood
and you’re under constant revision,
like a lonely folktale whose invisible folks
are all the selves you’ve been, lifelong,
shadows in fog, grey glimmers at dusk.
And each of these selves had a childhood
it traded for love and grudged to give away,
now lost irretrievably, in storage
like a set of dishes from which no food,
no Cream of Wheat, no rabbit in mustard
sauce, nor even a single raspberry,
can be eaten until the afterlife,
which is only childhood in its last
disguise, all radiance or all humiliation,
and so it is forfeit a final time.
In fact it was awful, you think, or why
should the piecework of grief be endless?
Only because death is, and likewise loss,
which is not awful, but only breathtaking.
There’s no truth about your childhood,
though there’s a story, yours to tend,
like a fire or garden. Make it a good one,
since you’ll have to live it out, and all
its revisions, so long as you all shall live,
for they shall be gathered to your deathbed,
and they’ll have known to what you and they
would come, and this one time they’ll weep for you.
The map in the shopping center has an X
signed “you are here.” A dream is like that.
In a dream you are never eighty, though
you may risk death by other means:
you’re on a ledge and memory calls you
to jump, but a deft cop talks you in
to a small, bright room, and snickers.
And in a dream, you’re everyone somewhat,
but not wholly. I think I know how that
works: for twenty-one years I had a father
and then I became a father, replacing him
but not really. Soon my sons will be fathers.
Surely, that’s what middle-aged means,
being father and son to sons and father.
That a male has only one mother is another
story, told wherever men weep wholly.
Though nobody’s replaced. In one dream
I’m leading a rope of children to safety,
through a snowy farm. The farmer comes out
and I have to throw snowballs well to him
so we may pass. Even dreaming, I know
he’s my father, at ease in his catcher’s
squat, and that the dream has revived
to us both an old unspoken fantasy:
we’re a battery. I’m young, I’m brash,
I don’t know how to pitch but I can
throw a lamb chop past a wolf. And he
can handle pitchers and control a game.
I look to him for a sign. I’d nod
for anything. The damn thing is hard to grip
without seams, and I don’t rely only
on my live, young arm, but throw by all
the body I can get behind it, and it fluffs
toward him no faster than the snow
in the dream drifts down. Nothing
takes forever, but I know what the phrase
means. The children grow more cold
and hungry and cruel to each other
the longer the ball’s in the air, and it begins
to melt. By the time it gets to him we’ll be
our waking ages, and each of us is himself
alone, and we all join hands and go.
Toward dawn, rain explodes on the tin roof
like popcorn. The pale light is streaked by grey
and that green you see just under the surface
of water, a shimmer more than a color.
Time to dive back into sleep, as if into
happiness, that neglected discipline ....
In those sixth-grade book reports
you had to say if the book was optimistic
or not, and everyone looked at you
the same way: how would he turn out?
He rolls in his sleep like an otter.
Uncle Ed has a neck so fat it’s funny,
and on the way to work he pries the cap
off a Pepsi. Damn rain didn’t cool one weary
thing for long; it’s gonna be a cooker.
The boy sleeps with a thin chain of sweat
on his upper lip, as if waking itself,
becoming explicit, were hard work.
Who knows if he’s happy or not?
A child is all the tools a child has,
growing up, who makes what he can.On that November noon, as we drove in
To my home town, at the foot of Shivalik hills.
I realised, why it is so close to my heart,
This is where my parents gave me a start.
So many fond memories come rushing in.
It seems yesterday I was a kid creating din.
My nephew who had got posted to my town,
Urged me, Aunt why don’t you come down.
Saying, he had waited to see the city,
And through my eyes, built memories
I recall he was tall, lanky and all of ten,
When he came for my wedding celebrations.
Now he is a renowned heart surgeon,
Kind, compassionate and a genial person.
I rang him when a family wedding took me there,
Well son, let me show you around now that I am here.
So we drove into the city beautiful.
For mid November it was pretty cool.
My heart was swelling with pride,
As I pointed to him different sights.
Rose garden here is best you will find
In entire Asia, don’t look surprised.
Big, small, frail, exotic, pale multi hued,
Flowers were covered with droplets of dew.
Later we drove to my sprawling alma mater
And showed him where I got my love for literature
Recounting tales of our famous escapades
How my bespectacled professor regaled
Us while teaching us in his inimitable style Yeats.
Oh, how overwhelmed I felt once inside the gates.
Later I told him lets just park the Chevrolet,
And pay some money to the attendant.
We walked at a leisurely pace, and I pointed out,
Library, auditorium and canteen- our favourite haunt
Steaming hot cups of tea and samosas
Can you believe all for just thirty paise?
The avenue was lined with eucalyptus trees,
Birds were chirping flitting about free.
As we caught with each others lives,
We realised we had come far and walked miles.
We had reached a village with dense mango groves
We lingered and amused watched cocks and crows
As we drove back home, I said much hasn’t changed,
Although I have been away from here for decades…
This is an affair that began in childhood
i would like to settle here if i could...
City Beautiful- Chandigarh
Mamta
26.11.08Tangled in thought am I,
Stumble in speech do I?
Do I blunder and blush for the reason why?
Wander aloof do I,
Lean over gates and sigh,
Making friends with the bee and the butterfly?
If thus and thus I do,
Dazed by the thought of you,
Walking my sorrowful way in the early dew,
My heart cut through and through
In this despair of you,
Starved for a word or a look will my hope renew:
give then a thought for me
Walking so miserably,
Wanting relief in the friendship of flower or tree;
Do but remember, we
Once could in love agree,
Swallow your pride, let us be as we used to be.light. strikes
a silver hand
outstreached
waving goodbye
to the sounds of life
to butterflies
and ice cream
frozen
in the moment
light.
creeps down
the gleeming figure
tracing childhood's
outline
every band-aid covered
elbow
kissing memories
goodbyeI missed out on having a childhood
went from a little girl to womanhood.
I think the way my parents raised their children
was only the best of what they're parents could.
I always felt like their Cinderella
always cleaning, ironing and straightening up it seemed.
Taking care of my little sisters and brother
never spending time to be just that child which I need.
I always felt that I had missed out on something
and searched for that missing link throughout my life.
Been married too many times to speak of
been a mother to two sons and a loving wife.
I always promised myself not to repeat
what and how I had been raised.
But to give my sons all of my love
with Respect and Love and Praise.
To allow them to be a child
the best child that they could be.
And always keep myself in check
remembering that missing part of that child in me.There is a place from our childhood;
we like to visit now and then,
to recapture our youth,
through the years that has slipped away.
A place that has a magic touch,
even through the years it has changed.
A place where sunshine,
still dances on the water
of rippling waves.
Where the wildlife still gather,
free from harm.
A place of solitude,
where you can find
a little peace of mind.
A place within a city that has not
been strangled by any human hand.
Somewhere you can while time away,
with dreams of another day.Just lately I went walking
On the roads of yesteryear;
I went walking through my childhood,
When the air was crisp and pure.
I could see the old house standing
And the smokehouse, and the well;
I could still see my dear mother.
As she rang the dinner bell.
I could see my mother's garden
And beyond, the briar patch.
Oh! Those juicy, ripe blackberries
Were well worth each itch and scratch.
In the meadows were the pastures,
Where the cows were gently lowing,
Where the butterflies were wafting
And the thick wildflowers growing.
In the grain field stood my father,
He, with others threshing wheat;
And I saw a small lad toting
Water, for them, in the heat.
Oft, we'd walk the pike to Grandpa's;
It was just a mile or two,
Past the stream where we went fishing;
It was there the willows grew.
Further on the little church stood,
Where the parson would expound;
Then we'd go into the church yard,
To have dinner on the ground.
These scenes, just some of many,
In my memories still endure,
As I go walking through my childhood
On the roads of yesteryear.If I don't
go and
go
when I need to
go
I still
go
anyway
without
going thereThe sun would volley
Live coals on bodies
In threadbare clothes
The sun would blink
Through the meager waters
That’s left of a river
Sand dunes with scanty vegetation
Scattered all over
The small raft wouldn’t move
On thin layer of water
Where did the fish disappear?
Bedrooms shifted to isolated
Shades under trees
Leaves perspiring and choking
Under the smarting sun
The fires set ablaze to settle scores
Around the town increased
The mercury in the thermometer
Where’s water to put off the fires
On all the four sides of the town
With three intersecting canals
And the mighty Krishna
Coming to a halt?
We longingly would look
Towards the west
For the sun to set
When did the sun really ‘set? ’
The sun would always be
In the middles of the sky
Day in and day out
In the nights he would be
Substituted by hot gales
Which mom would counter
By placing raw onions on
Our skimpy beds and replenishing
Our thin tongues with water
Waking us up from the sun-laden sleep
Afternoons were time for fighting out
The live-coal sun with games under the
Scattered shades emitting the rawness of
Flower-laden mango trees
And biting into tender mangoes
For a moment the sun would take a retreat
Looking at the faces reflecting the sourness
Somehow the birds never really left
The nests they wove for the season to follow
They would wake us early in the morning
And in the mornings all we saw of them would be
By way of droppings on our heads
Sometimes they would swoop down
To take a sip from the flat earthen plates
Dad filled with water exclusively for them
They would even balance on the edge
Of a small vessel he would place
Filling it up with grains…
It was sapping heat
But never did it sap us
It was mercury at its high
But never disturbed us
We countered all
As if it’s just another
Season to live through
We would be habituated
To every facet by draping
Ourselves in damp clothing
And drawing long sips of water
From the fresh earthen pots
Sun is so much part of our day
Sun is our day!
02dec2010
12.45hrsAnd as we grew older
Childhood became so distant
We were too busy being
great, being brilliant
That we stopped seeing
But were we ever young and crazy
What were our teenage years
But the yearn to be older
To be established, free from fears
We just kept getting colder
Youth is not a matter of age
But a state of mind
Fully live each day
or soon you'll find
You can't honestly say
'It's not yet too late'OH there is blessing in this gentle breeze,
A visitant that while it fans my cheek
Doth seem half-conscious of the joy it brings
From the green fields, and from yon azure sky.
Whate'er its mission, the soft breeze can come
To none more grateful than to me; escaped
From the vast city, where I long had pined
A discontented sojourner: now free,
Free as a bird to settle where I will.
What dwelling shall receive me? in what vale
Shall be my harbour? underneath what grove
Shall I take up my home? and what clear stream
Shall with its murmur lull me into rest?
The earth is all before me. With a heart
Joyous, nor scared at its own liberty,
I look about; and should the chosen guide
Be nothing better than a wandering cloud,
I cannot miss my way. I breathe again!
Trances of thought and mountings of the mind
Come fast upon me: it is shaken off,
That burthen of my own unnatural self,
The heavy weight of many a weary day
Not mine, and such as were not made for me.
Long months of peace (if such bold word accord
With any promises of human life),
Long months of ease and undisturbed delight
Are mine in prospect; whither shall I turn,
By road or pathway, or through trackless field,
Up hill or down, or shall some floating thing
Upon the river point me out my course?
Dear Liberty! Yet what would it avail
But for a gift that consecrates the joy?
For I, methought, while the sweet breath of heaven
Was blowing on my body, felt within
A correspondent breeze, that gently moved
With quickening virtue, but is now become
A tempest, a redundant energy,
Vexing its own creation. Thanks to both,
And their congenial powers, that, while they join
In breaking up a long-continued frost,
Bring with them vernal promises, the hope
Of active days urged on by flying hours,--
Days of sweet leisure, taxed with patient thought
Abstruse, nor wanting punctual service high,
Matins and vespers of harmonious verse!
Thus far, O Friend! did I, not used to make
A present joy the matter of a song,
Pour forth that day my soul in measured strains
That would not be forgotten, and are here
Recorded: to the open fields I told
A prophecy: poetic numbers came
Spontaneously to clothe in priestly robe
A renovated spirit singled out,
Such hope was mine, for holy services.
My own voice cheered me, and, far more, the mind's
Internal echo of the imperfect sound;
To both I listened, drawing from them both
A cheerful confidence in things to come.
Content and not unwilling now to give
A respite to this passion, I paced on
With brisk and eager steps; and came, at length,
To a green shady place, where down I sate
Beneath a tree, slackening my thoughts by choice
And settling into gentler happiness.
'Twas autumn, and a clear and placid day,
With warmth, as much as needed, from a sun
Two hours declined towards the west; a day
With silver clouds, and sunshine on the grass,
And in the sheltered and the sheltering grove
A perfect stillness. Many were the thoughts
Encouraged and dismissed, till choice was made
Of a known Vale, whither my feet should turn,
Nor rest till they had reached the very door
Of the one cottage which methought I saw.
No picture of mere memory ever looked
So fair; and while upon the fancied scene
I gazed with growing love, a higher power
Than Fancy gave assurance of some work
Of glory there forthwith to be begun,
Perhaps too there performed. Thus long I mused,
Nor e'er lost sight of what I mused upon,
Save when, amid the stately grove of oaks,
Now here, now there, an acorn, from its cup
Dislodged, through sere leaves rustled, or at once
To the bare earth dropped with a startling sound.
From that soft couch I rose not, till the sun
Had almost touched the horizon; casting then
A backward glance upon the curling cloud
Of city smoke, by distance ruralised;
Keen as a Truant or a Fugitive,
But as a Pilgrim resolute, I took,
Even with the chance equipment of that hour,
The road that pointed toward the chosen Vale.
It was a splendid evening, and my soul
Once more made trial of her strength, nor lacked
Aeolian visitations; but the harp
Was soon defrauded, and the banded host
Of harmony dispersed in straggling sounds,
And lastly utter silence! 'Be it so;
Why think of anything but present good?'
So, like a home-bound labourer, I pursued
My way beneath the mellowing sun, that shed
Mild influence; nor left in me one wish
Again to bend the Sabbath of that time
To a servile yoke. What need of many words?
A pleasant loitering journey, through three days
Continued, brought me to my hermitage.
I spare to tell of what ensued, the life
In common things--the endless store of things,
Rare, or at least so seeming, every day
Found all about me in one neighbourhood--
The self-congratulation, and, from morn
To night, unbroken cheerfulness serene.
But speedily an earnest longing rose
To brace myself to some determined aim,
Reading or thinking; either to lay up
New stores, or rescue from decay the old
By timely interference: and therewith
Came hopes still higher, that with outward life
I might endue some airy phantasies
That had been floating loose about for years,
And to such beings temperately deal forth
The many feelings that oppressed my heart.
That hope hath been discouraged; welcome light
Dawns from the east, but dawns to disappear
And mock me with a sky that ripens not
Into a steady morning: if my mind,
Remembering the bold promise of the past,
Would gladly grapple with some noble theme,
Vain is her wish; where'er she turns she finds
Impediments from day to day renewed.
And now it would content me to yield up
Those lofty hopes awhile, for present gifts
Of humbler industry. But, oh, dear Friend!
The Poet, gentle creature as he is,
Hath, like the Lover, his unruly times;
His fits when he is neither sick nor well,
Though no distress be near him but his own
Unmanageable thoughts: his mind, best pleased
While she as duteous as the mother dove
Sits brooding, lives not always to that end,
But like the innocent bird, hath goadings on
That drive her as in trouble through the groves;
With me is now such passion, to be blamed
No otherwise than as it lasts too long.
When, as becomes a man who would prepare
For such an arduous work, I through myself
Make rigorous inquisition, the report
Is often cheering; for I neither seem
To lack that first great gift, the vital soul,
Nor general Truths, which are themselves a sort
Of Elements and Agents, Under-powers,
Subordinate helpers of the living mind:
Nor am I naked of external things,
Forms, images, nor numerous other aids
Of less regard, though won perhaps with toil
And needful to build up a Poet's praise.
Time, place, and manners do I seek, and these
Are found in plenteous store, but nowhere such
As may be singled out with steady choice;
No little band of yet remembered names
Whom I, in perfect confidence, might hope
To summon back from lonesome banishment,
And make them dwellers in the hearts of men
Now living, or to live in future years.
Sometimes the ambitious Power of choice, mistaking
Proud spring-tide swellings for a regular sea,
Will settle on some British theme, some old
Romantic tale by Milton left unsung;
More often turning to some gentle place
Within the groves of Chivalry, I pipe
To shepherd swains, or seated harp in hand,
Amid reposing knights by a river side
Or fountain, listen to the grave reports
Of dire enchantments faced and overcome
By the strong mind, and tales of warlike feats,
Where spear encountered spear, and sword with sword
Fought, as if conscious of the blazonry
That the shield bore, so glorious was the strife;
Whence inspiration for a song that winds
Through ever-changing scenes of votive quest
Wrongs to redress, harmonious tribute paid
To patient courage and unblemished truth,
To firm devotion, zeal unquenchable,
And Christian meekness hallowing faithful loves.
Sometimes, more sternly moved, I would relate
How vanquished Mithridates northward passed,
And, hidden in the cloud of years, became
Odin, the Father of a race by whom
Perished the Roman Empire: how the friends
And followers of Sertorius, out of Spain
Flying, found shelter in the Fortunate Isles,
And left their usages, their arts and laws,
To disappear by a slow gradual death,
To dwindle and to perish one by one,
Starved in those narrow bounds: but not the soul
Of Liberty, which fifteen hundred years
Survived, and, when the European came
With skill and power that might not be withstood,
Did, like a pestilence, maintain its hold
And wasted down by glorious death that race
Of natural heroes: or I would record
How, in tyrannic times, some high-souled man,
Unnamed among the chronicles of kings,
Suffered in silence for Truth's sake: or tell,
How that one Frenchman, through continued force
Of meditation on the inhuman deeds
Of those who conquered first the Indian Isles,
Went single in his ministry across
The Ocean; not to comfort the oppressed,
But, like a thirsty wind, to roam about
Withering the Oppressor: how Gustavus sought
Help at his need in Dalecarlia's mines:
How Wallace fought for Scotland; left the name
Of Wallace to be found, like a wild flower,
All over his dear Country; left the deeds
Of Wallace, like a family of Ghosts,
To people the steep rocks and river banks,
Her natural sanctuaries, with a local soul
Of independence and stern liberty.
Sometimes it suits me better to invent
A tale from my own heart, more near akin
To my own passions and habitual thoughts;
Some variegated story, in the main
Lofty, but the unsubstantial structure melts
Before the very sun that brightens it,
Mist into air dissolving! Then a wish,
My last and favourite aspiration, mounts
With yearning toward some philosophic song
Of Truth that cherishes our daily life;
With meditations passionate from deep
Recesses in man's heart, immortal verse
Thoughtfully fitted to the Orphean lyre;
But from this awful burthen I full soon
Take refuge and beguile myself with trust
That mellower years will bring a riper mind
And clearer insight. Thus my days are past
In contradiction; with no skill to part
Vague longing, haply bred by want of power,
From paramount impulse not to be withstood,
A timorous capacity, from prudence,
From circumspection, infinite delay.
Humility and modest awe, themselves
Betray me, serving often for a cloak
To a more subtle selfishness; that now
Locks every function up in blank reserve,
Now dupes me, trusting to an anxious eye
That with intrusive restlessness beats off
Simplicity and self-presented truth.
Ah! better far than this, to stray about
Voluptuously through fields and rural walks,
And ask no record of the hours, resigned
To vacant musing, unreproved neglect
Of all things, and deliberate holiday.
Far better never to have heard the name
Of zeal and just ambition, than to live
Baffled and plagued by a mind that every hour
Turns recreant to her task; takes heart again,
Then feels immediately some hollow thought
Hang like an interdict upon her hopes.
This is my lot; for either still I find
Some imperfection in the chosen theme,
Or see of absolute accomplishment
Much wanting, so much wanting, in myself,
That I recoil and droop, and seek repose
In listlessness from vain perplexity,
Unprofitably travelling toward the grave,
Like a false steward who hath much received
And renders nothing back.
Was it for this
That one, the fairest of all rivers, loved
To blend his murmurs with my nurse's song,
And, from his alder shades and rocky falls,
And from his fords and shallows, sent a voice
That flowed along my dreams? For this, didst thou,
O Derwent! winding among grassy holms
Where I was looking on, a babe in arms,
Make ceaseless music that composed my thoughts
To more than infant softness, giving me
Amid the fretful dwellings of mankind
A foretaste, a dim earnest, of the calm
That Nature breathes among the hills and groves.
When he had left the mountains and received
On his smooth breast the shadow of those towers
That yet survive, a shattered monument
Of feudal sway, the bright blue river passed
Along the margin of our terrace walk;
A tempting playmate whom we dearly loved.
Oh, many a time have I, a five years' child,
In a small mill-race severed from his stream,
Made one long bathing of a summer's day;
Basked in the sun, and plunged and basked again
Alternate, all a summer's day, or scoured
The sandy fields, leaping through flowery groves
Of yellow ragwort; or, when rock and hill,
The woods, and distant Skiddaw's lofty height,
Were bronzed with deepest radiance, stood alone
Beneath the sky, as if I had been born
On Indian plains, and from my mother's hut
Had run abroad in wantonness, to sport
A naked savage, in the thunder shower.
Fair seed-time had my soul, and I grew up
Fostered alike by beauty and by fear:
Much favoured in my birth-place, and no less
In that beloved Vale to which erelong
We were transplanted;--there were we let loose
For sports of wider range. Ere I had told
Ten birth-days, when among the mountain slopes
Frost, and the breath of frosty wind, had snapped
The last autumnal crocus, 'twas my joy
With store of springes o'er my shoulder hung
To range the open heights where woodcocks run
Along the smooth green turf. Through half the night,
Scudding away from snare to snare, I plied
That anxious visitation;--moon and stars
Were shining o'er my head. I was alone,
And seemed to be a trouble to the peace
That dwelt among them. Sometimes it befell
In these night wanderings, that a strong desire
O'erpowered my better reason, and the bird
Which was the captive of another's toil
Became my prey; and when the deed was done
I heard among the solitary hills
Low breathings coming after me, and sounds
Of undistinguishable motion, steps
Almost as silent as the turf they trod.
Nor less, when spring had warmed the cultured Vale,
Moved we as plunderers where the mother-bird
Had in high places built her lodge; though mean
Our object and inglorious, yet the end
Was not ignoble. Oh! when I have hung
Above the raven's nest, by knots of grass
And half-inch fissures in the slippery rock
But ill sustained, and almost (so it seemed)
Suspended by the blast that blew amain,
Shouldering the naked crag, oh, at that time
While on the perilous ridge I hung alone,
With what strange utterance did the loud dry wind
Blow through my ear! the sky seemed not a sky
Of earth--and with what motion moved the clouds!
Dust as we are, the immortal spirit grows
Like harmony in music; there is a dark
Inscrutable workmanship that reconciles
Discordant elements, makes them cling together
In one society. How strange, that all
The terrors, pains, and early miseries,
Regrets, vexations, lassitudes interfused
Within my mind, should e'er have borne a part,
And that a needful part, in making up
The calm existence that is mine when I
Am worthy of myself! Praise to the end!
Thanks to the means which Nature deigned to employ;
Whether her fearless visitings, or those
That came with soft alarm, like hurtless light
Opening the peaceful clouds; or she would use
Severer interventions, ministry
More palpable, as best might suit her aim.
One summer evening (led by her) I found
A little boat tied to a willow tree
Within a rocky cave, its usual home.
Straight I unloosed her chain, and stepping in
Pushed from the shore. It was an act of stealth
And troubled pleasure, nor without the voice
Of mountain-echoes did my boat move on;
Leaving behind her still, on either side,
Small circles glittering idly in the moon,
Until they melted all into one track
Of sparkling light. But now, like one who rows,
Proud of his skill, to reach a chosen point
With an unswerving line, I fixed my view
Upon the summit of a craggy ridge,
The horizon's utmost boundary; far above
Was nothing but the stars and the grey sky.
She was an elfin pinnace; lustily
I dipped my oars into the silent lake,
And, as I rose upon the stroke, my boat
Went heaving through the water like a swan;
When, from behind that craggy steep till then
The horizon's bound, a huge peak, black and huge,
As if with voluntary power instinct,
Upreared its head. I struck and struck again,
And growing still in stature the grim shape
Towered up between me and the stars, and still,
For so it seemed, with purpose of its own
And measured motion like a living thing,
Strode after me. With trembling oars I turned,
And through the silent water stole my way
Back to the covert of the willow tree;
There in her mooring-place I left my bark,--
And through the meadows homeward went, in grave
And serious mood; but after I had seen
That spectacle, for many days, my brain
Worked with a dim and undetermined sense
Of unknown modes of being; o'er my thoughts
There hung a darkness, call it solitude
Or blank desertion. No familiar shapes
Remained, no pleasant images of trees,
Of sea or sky, no colours of green fields;
But huge and mighty forms, that do not live
Like living men, moved slowly through the mind
By day, and were a trouble to my dreams.
Wisdom and Spirit of the universe!
Thou Soul that art the eternity of thought
That givest to forms and images a breath
And everlasting motion, not in vain
By day or star-light thus from my first dawn
Of childhood didst thou intertwine for me
The passions that build up our human soul;
Not with the mean and vulgar works of man,
But with high objects, with enduring things--
With life and nature--purifying thus
The elements of feeling and of thought,
And sanctifying, by such discipline,
Both pain and fear, until we recognise
A grandeur in the beatings of the heart.
Nor was this fellowship vouchsafed to me
With stinted kindness. In November days,
When vapours rolling down the valley made
A lonely scene more lonesome, among woods,
At noon and 'mid the calm of summer nights,
When, by the margin of the trembling lake,
Beneath the gloomy hills homeward I went
In solitude, such intercourse was mine;
Mine was it in the fields both day and night,
And by the waters, all the summer long.
And in the frosty season, when the sun
Was set, and visible for many a mile
The cottage windows blazed through twilight gloom,
I heeded not their summons: happy time
It was indeed for all of us--for me
It was a time of rapture! Clear and loud
The village clock tolled six,--I wheeled about,
Proud and exulting like an untired horse
That cares not for his home. All shod with steel,
We hissed along the polished ice in games
Confederate, imitative of the chase
And woodland pleasures,--the resounding horn,
The pack loud chiming, and the hunted hare.
So through the darkness and the cold we flew,
And not a voice was idle; with the din
Smitten, the precipices rang aloud;
The leafless trees and every icy crag
Tinkled like iron; while far distant hills
Into the tumult sent an alien sound
Of melancholy not unnoticed, while the stars
Eastward were sparkling clear, and in the west
The orange sky of evening died away.
Not seldom from the uproar I retired
Into a silent bay, or sportively
Glanced sideway, leaving the tumultuous throng,
To cut across the reflex of a star
That fled, and, flying still before me, gleamed
Upon the glassy plain; and oftentimes,
When we had given our bodies to the wind,
And all the shadowy banks on either side
Came sweeping through the darkness, spinning still
The rapid line of motion, then at once
Have I, reclining back upon my heels,
Stopped short; yet still the solitary cliffs
Wheeled by me--even as if the earth had rolled
With visible motion her diurnal round!
Behind me did they stretch in solemn train,
Feebler and feebler, and I stood and watched
Till all was tranquil as a dreamless sleep.
Ye Presences of Nature in the sky
And on the earth! Ye Visions of the hills!
And Souls of lonely places! can I think
A vulgar hope was yours when ye employed
Such ministry, when ye, through many a year
Haunting me thus among my boyish sports,
On caves and trees, upon the woods and hills,
Impressed, upon all forms, the characters
Of danger or desire; and thus did make
The surface of the universal earth,
With triumph and delight, with hope and fear,
Work like a sea?
Not uselessly employed,
Might I pursue this theme through every change
Of exercise and play, to which the year
Did summon us in his delightful round.
We were a noisy crew; the sun in heaven
Beheld not vales more beautiful than ours;
Nor saw a band in happiness and joy
Richer, or worthier of the ground they trod.
I could record with no reluctant voice
The woods of autumn, and their hazel bowers
With milk-white clusters hung; the rod and line,
True symbol of hope's foolishness, whose strong
And unreproved enchantment led us on
By rocks and pools shut out from every star,
All the green summer, to forlorn cascades
Among the windings hid of mountain brooks.
--Unfading recollections! at this hour
The heart is almost mine with which I felt,
From some hill-top on sunny afternoons,
The paper kite high among fleecy clouds
Pull at her rein like an impetuous courser;
Or, from the meadows sent on gusty days,
Beheld her breast the wind, then suddenly
Dashed headlong, and rejected by the storm.
Ye lowly cottages wherein we dwelt,
A ministration of your own was yours;
Can I forget you, being as you were
So beautiful among the pleasant fields
In which ye stood? or can I here forget
The plain and seemly countenance with which
Ye dealt out your plain comforts? Yet had ye
Delights and exultations of your own.
Eager and never weary we pursued
Our home-amusements by the warm peat-fire
At evening, when with pencil, and smooth slate
In square divisions parcelled out and all
With crosses and with cyphers scribbled o'er,
We schemed and puzzled, head opposed to head
In strife too humble to be named in verse:
Or round the naked table, snow-white deal,
Cherry or maple, sate in close array,
And to the combat, Loo or Whist, led on
A thick-ribbed army; not, as in the world,
Neglected and ungratefully thrown by
Even for the very service they had wrought,
But husbanded through many a long campaign.
Uncouth assemblage was it, where no few
Had changed their functions: some, plebeian cards
Which Fate, beyond the promise of their birth,
Had dignified, and called to represent
The persons of departed potentates.
Oh, with what echoes on the board they fell!
Ironic diamonds,--clubs, hearts, diamonds, spades,
A congregation piteously akin!
Cheap matter offered they to boyish wit,
Those sooty knaves, precipitated down
With scoffs and taunts, like Vulcan out of heaven:
The paramount ace, a moon in her eclipse,
Queens gleaming through their splendour's last decay,
And monarchs surly at the wrongs sustained
By royal visages. Meanwhile abroad
Incessant rain was falling, or the frost
Raged bitterly, with keen and silent tooth;
And, interrupting oft that eager game,
From under Esthwaite's splitting fields of ice
The pent-up air, struggling to free itself,
Gave out to meadow grounds and hills a loud
Protracted yelling, like the noise of wolves
Howling in troops along the Bothnic Main.
Nor, sedulous as I have been to trace
How Nature by extrinsic passion first
Peopled the mind with forms sublime or fair,
And made me love them, may I here omit
How other pleasures have been mine, and joys
Of subtler origin; how I have felt,
Not seldom even in that tempestuous time,
Those hallowed and pure motions of the sense
Which seem, in their simplicity, to own
An intellectual charm; that calm delight
Which, if I err not, surely must belong
To those first-born affinities that fit
Our new existence to existing things,
And, in our dawn of being, constitute
The bond of union between life and joy.
Yes, I remember when the changeful earth,
And twice five summers on my mind had stamped
The faces of the moving year, even then
I held unconscious intercourse with beauty
Old as creation, drinking in a pure
Organic pleasure from the silver wreaths
Of curling mist, or from the level plain
Of waters coloured by impending clouds.
The sands of Westmoreland, the creeks and bays
Of Cumbria's rocky limits, they can tell
How, when the Sea threw off his evening shade,
And to the shepherd's hut on distant hills
Sent welcome notice of the rising moon,
How I have stood, to fancies such as these
A stranger, linking with the spectacle
No conscious memory of a kindred sight,
And bringing with me no peculiar sense
Of quietness or peace; yet have I stood,
Even while mine eye hath moved o'er many a league
Of shining water, gathering as it seemed,
Through every hair-breadth in that field of light,
New pleasure like a bee among the flowers.
Thus oft amid those fits of vulgar joy
Which, through all seasons, on a child's pursuits
Are prompt attendants, 'mid that giddy bliss
Which, like a tempest, works along the blood
And is forgotten; even then I felt
Gleams like the flashing of a shield;--the earth
And common face of Nature spake to me
Rememberable things; sometimes, 'tis true,
By chance collisions and quaint accidents
(Like those ill-sorted unions, work supposed
Of evil-minded fairies), yet not vain
Nor profitless, if haply they impressed
Collateral objects and appearances,
Albeit lifeless then, and doomed to sleep
Until maturer seasons called them forth
To impregnate and to elevate the mind.
--And if the vulgar joy by its own weight
Wearied itself out of the memory,
The scenes which were a witness of that joy
Remained in their substantial lineaments
Depicted on the brain, and to the eye
Were visible, a daily sight; and thus
By the impressive discipline of fear,
By pleasure and repeated happiness,
So frequently repeated, and by force
Of obscure feelings representative
Of things forgotten, these same scenes so bright,
So beautiful, so majestic in themselves,
Though yet the day was distant, did become
Habitually dear, and all their forms
And changeful colours by invisible links
Were fastened to the affections.
I began
My story early--not misled, I trust,
By an infirmity of love for days
Disowned by memory--ere the breath of spring
Planting my snowdrops among winter snows:
Nor will it seem to thee, O Friend! so prompt
In sympathy, that I have lengthened out
With fond and feeble tongue a tedious tale.
Meanwhile, my hope has been, that I might fetch
Invigorating thoughts from former years;
Might fix the wavering balance of my mind,
And haply meet reproaches too, whose power
May spur me on, in manhood now mature
To honourable toil. Yet should these hopes
Prove vain, and thus should neither I be taught
To understand myself, nor thou to know
With better knowledge how the heart was framed
Of him thou lovest; need I dread from thee
Harsh judgments, if the song be loth to quit
Those recollected hours that have the charm
Of visionary things, those lovely forms
And sweet sensations that throw back our life,
And almost make remotest infancy
A visible scene, on which the sun is shining?
One end at least hath been attained; my mind
Hath been revived, and if this genial mood
Desert me not, forthwith shall be brought down
Through later years the story of my life.
The road lies plain before me;--'tis a theme
Single and of determined bounds; and hence
I choose it rather at this time, than work
Of ampler or more varied argument,
Where I might be discomfited and lost:
And certain hopes are with me, that to thee
This labour will be welcome, honoured Friend!You'll never have
another chance
as good
as this
you'll never be
more bolder
more able to
than this
so have your mid-life crisis
when you're 7 or  8
(don't leave it too late)
so that
you can get on
&
grow up to be
the self that you
should be.Among the things enriching,
That helped to shape my life,
Was the county fair
With fond memories in rife.
October of each year,
The fair would come to town.
The rides were fun, and the air cool—
With temperatures way down.
Hotdog, soda, candy apple—
There was much to eat.
But popcorn and cotton candy
Were my favorite treats.
Neon signs. Booming music.
Electrifying atmosphere.
Rides. Zoo. And exhibits.
Haunted houses—if you'd dare.
Ferris wheel for the sedentary.
Roller coaster for the brave.
Merry-go-round for the toddler.
The bumper car was raved.
A chance to win stuffed animals,
Dinnerware, and all else.
Just play the game, and hit it right;
Then choose the prize yourself.
The crowds were huge and excited,
Folks from everywhere.
‘Twas hard to find a parking space
At the county fair.
Life can be so much fun,
In spite of everything else.
So, take time to smell the roses,
And enjoy yourself.Most of us had childhood books
The meant so much to us long ago
We can remember the story if not the words
It seems we cannot let it go
That’s the way I feel about my favorite
Called Poppy the Four Inch Fairy
I’ve looked and looked on the internet
I’ve sent out so many queries
But nothing, my friend, have I gotten
For feedback of my favorite book
Little Poppy is lost forever
She is nowhere that I look
So I guess she will live only in my memory
I can picture her with her light brown curls
Investigating a dollhouse because
Into the world of giants she was hurled
I’ll bet you have special memories too
Of childhood books from long ago
That will stay in your mind forever
And you too cannot let them go!It would be good to reminisce
of all that's lost from childhood afternoons,
can they return to me, I miss
those endless hours that are now in ruins.
It does return now, gently, still
perhaps in all the drops of a warm rain
yet we've forgotten what it will
remind us now of riches and no bane
of seeing and just living without care
like creatures yet as humans with no fear
and filled up to the locks of children's hair
a figure of a Thing, it would appear.
The shepherd's loneliness then, in the end
weighed down with endless distances today
and called as if ordained, touched by a friend
a lengthy thread of images, astray
in which it is no use simply to dwell
there is no memory for us to know
and to a stranger, childhood thoughts will tell
of afternoons, where life itself was slow.
Written 1906 in Paris
My version of a translation.The sharp, irregular knock of wooden
brush’s shoulder against skirting-board,
punctuated with the lighter tap
of brush on pan, the contents neatly
tapped back into its metal or plastic maw;
the knocks, sometimes gentle
with the happiness of home and heart;
sometimes, sharper, as if they carry
unspoken messages of time too short,
and tempers too..
not today the hoovering intake of that continuous
indrawn mechanical breath that so disturbs
domestic pets; that brings unease to the couch potato,
a guilt just short of offer to assist…
these unexpected  memories stirred
of simpler times and childhood’s unappreciated
securities, then taken so for granted..
how sweet, nostalgia’s evocations of the so selective heart…
fact is, there comes a time when wisdom’s word
is that it's now the time of life when one would be advised
to risk no longer, the pythonic entanglements,
the tempted fate, Miltonic fall,
domestic heaven turned disjointed hell,
of vacuuming the stairs…
*   [and a Betjemanesque coda for Dan Tyler: ]
Time now to cease unequal fight;
Nor trip on cord - Satanic the machine;
Hoover no longer to dust-free Jerusalem
In England's suburbs, leafy, green...When I was very little
I use to dream that I could fly.
I'd put some rubber bans around my shoes
leaped up and I was flying in the sky!
Flying over hill and dale
looking down on those I knew.
They would look up at me in wonder
all wondering how I flew.
I'm older now and don't seem to dream that way
was that only for that time?
How complex the human brain can be
all those thoughts trapped in our minds.
I dream today, that is for certain
but some I can't recall.
And then there are days, they all go away
before I awake I've lost them all.
Where do these dreams originate?
Are they coming from another place and time?
Or are they just the brains way of escaping
the daily stresses of my mind?
For now I'll just have to sleep and dream
dream what my mind has in store.
But I hope one day, Childhood dreams of flight
of jumping high in the sky to sore!Sunlight peeps thru closed curtains
like a sleepy child, nodding in - out
yet you sleep. the wave of pre-dawn
passion, renaming lost childhood dreams
I often wonder about some childhood friend,
how at the time we were pardners, for life
what has become of him? is he sitting
somewhere with a cup of coffee?
I touch your skin, to gently introduce you
to a new day, and you with a smile, say
'I was just dreaming about you' thus
leaving my thoughts of childhood friendsChildhood Faded away,
to a far away land,
simple, so simple were we,
Days of Play,
Going our Way,
Having fun, no care,
for another day,
time for us stood still,
playing king of the hill
Childhood Faded away
thinking of another day,
summer time was fine,
when friends were kind,
swiming holes were filled,
our hearts were thrilled
Childhood Faded Away
to a time that makes me sway
many years have passed away,
since childhood faded to another day,
Childhood Faded to places,
UNKNOWN TO US
floating somewhere in time.
wrote 1-15-07Cheap and charming items
Settle on the numerous tables
Of my grandparents' customary yard sale.
Bugs visit them all on this hot but vital weekend.
One object stands out in somewhat of a spotlight.
The item is a pink dollhouse full of memory-rooms.
Once I explored it with youthful eyes –
Now that type of immature play I despise.
If I could put a price on Childhood – what would it be?
A penny or two – at the most – three.Rummaging our way,
Through the school backyard,
Borrowing chalks, the ball, and
The bun from Mrs.Cook...
(But we ain't asking permission)
I never felt sorry...
Because she was with me...
Jumping over the stone fence
Into Old Mr.Grumpy's orchard...
Stealing oranges and hurling grapes at him...
When he chases us around....the shivering creature...
I never felt any pity...
When she was near me....
Sticking out our tongues at minors...
Grabbing lollipops off their hands...
Handing them a candy,
We smirk round the corner...
(A wrap around a stone...Hehe)
I never felt culpable...
Indeed, she was with me...
Blaming each other when caught...
So elders might confuse...
Hiding their keys,
For a day and a night....
I never felt guilty,
When she was with me....There was a time when I was very small,
When my whole frame was but an ell in height;
Sweetly, as I recall it, tears do fall,
And therefore I recall it with delight.
I sported in my tender mother's arms,
And rode a-horseback on best father's knee;
Alike were sorrows, passions and alarms,
And gold, and Greek, and love, unknown to me,
Then seemed to me this world far less in size,
Likewise it seemed to me less wicked far;
Like points in heaven, I saw the stars arise,
And longed for wings that I might catch a star.
I saw the moon behind the island fade,
And thought, 'Oh, were I on that island there,
I could find out of what the moon is made,
Find out how large it is, how round, how fair!'
Wondering, I saw God's sun, through western skies,
Sink in the ocean's golden lap at night,
And yet upon the morrow early rise,
And paint the eastern heaven with crimson light;
And thought of God, the gracious Heavenly Father,
Who made me, and that lovely sun on high,
And all those pearls of heaven thick-strung together,
Dropped, clustering, from his hand o'er all the sky.
With childish reverence, my young lips did say
The prayer my pious mother taught to me:
'O gentle God! oh, let me strive alway
Still to be wise, and good, and follow Thee!'
So prayed I for my father and my mother,
And for my sister, and for all the town;
The king I knew not, and the beggar-brother,
Who, bent with age, went, sighing, up and down.
They perished, the blithe days of boyhood perished,
And all the gladness, all the peace I knew!
Now have I but their memory, fondly cherished;--
God! may I never lose that too!So good being a happy kid,
playing with your kit,
even producing sound in a pot,
when the country's in peace actually.
having someone to rely on,
Elder ones tells you come on,
you feel like flying on,
you with confidence of protection.
Dreams of being high,
everything becomes possible,
even escaping to die,
fighting Ghost your capable.
Dreaming being in the middle of every things,
sometimes on merry-go-round,
or in the middle of the foods you like to eat,
even finding money on every step you're stepping.
Acting your Father if he isn't scary,
running to mama when you are scared,
hiding you body putting your hands on your eyes
every thing's possible with simple formula r.I lay my head sideways on the desk,
My fingers interlocked under my cheekbones,
My eyes closed. It was a three-room schoolhouse,
White, with a small bell tower, an oak tree.
From where I sat, on still days, I'd watch
The oak, the prisoner of that sky, or read
The desk carved with adults' names: Marietta
Martin, Truman Finnell, Marjorie Elm;
The wood hacked or lovingly hollowed, the flies
Settling on the obsolete & built-in inkwells.
I remember, tonight, only details, how
Mrs. Avery, now gone, was standing then
In her beige dress, its quiet, gazelle print
Still dark with lines of perspiration from
The day before; how Gracie Chin had just
Shown me how to draw, with chalk, a Chinese
Ideogram. Where did she go, white thigh
With one still freckle, lost in silk?
No one would say for sure, so that I'd know,
So that all shapes, for days after, seemed
Brushstrokes in Chinese: countries on maps
That shifted, changed colors, or disappeared:
Lithuania, Prussia, Bessarabia;
The numbers four & seven; the question mark.
That year, I ate almost nothing.
I thought my parents weren't my real parents,
I thought there'd been some terrible mistake.
At recess I would sit alone, seeing
In the print of each leaf shadow, an ideogram—
Still, indecipherable, beneath the green sound
The bell still made, even after it had faded,
When the dust-covered leaves of the oak tree
Quivered, slightly, if I looked up in time.
And my father, so distant in those days,
Where did he go, that autumn, when he chose
The chaste, faint ideogram of ash, & I had
To leave him there, white bones in a puzzle
By a plum tree, the sun rising over
The Sierras? It is not Chinese, but English—
When the past tense, when you first learn to use it
As a child, throws all the verbs in the language
Into the long, flat shade of houses you
Ride past, & into town. Your father's driving.
On winter evenings, the lights would come on earlier.
People would be shopping for Christmas. Each hand,
With the one whorl of its fingerprints, with twenty
Delicate bones inside it, reaching up
To touch some bolt of cloth, or choose a gift,
A little different from any other hand.
You know how the past tense turns a sentence dark,
But leaves names, lovers, places showing through:
Gracie Chin, my father, Lithuania;
A beige dress where dark gazelles hold still?
Outside, it's snowing, cold, & a New Year.
The trees & streets are turning white.
I always thought he would come back like this.
I always thought he wouldn't dare be seen.In a land far far away
Lived pixies
and elves
and fairies
and goblins
A fantasy which I had fallen in love with.
In a deep dark cave
Lived a huge, dangerous
Monster
That was loud and ferocious
And that was an example of
What scared little children like me.
In the mysterious blue sea
Lived a beautiful mermaid
She was so pretty
That whoever set sight on her
Was mesmerized
How I wished to have had her beauty.
In an eerie, weird forest
Hid a sly, wicked witch
Who casts evil spells
Who abducts naughty children
And locks them up in a cell.
How frightening it was!
In the bizarre outer space...Come on people move
For childhood is calling
time to get up and groove
there is no time for stalling
Enjoy the warm sunny day
and chase all of your blues away
this is a day that is so enthralling
listen, as your childhood is calling
old men sit and are soon recalling
and slowly as their hair is graying
they hear the siren song of youth playing
saying that their childhood is calling
the time is slipping away so quickly,
so run fast and catch the dying sun
for childhood is calling
and your life has just begun
JPM 1/4/2008 - 1/11/2008down the rabbit hole
of childhood memories
we tumble into lost world
watching Tobby Grandma’s dog
leap with incredible canine joy
baited by tumbling flowing water
of garden hose patterned fountains
my Father makes beside the path above
grass to entice Tobbies aerial antics
somersaults all viewing smile must
delight in, like magic, Tobby appears
across paddock with elfin liquid speed
always seeming to know when Father
waters the vegetable garden with sixth
dog sense following nose on summer
days yesteryear breezes leaps small boys
also into a myriad of adventures running
in fleeting moccasin grasses like an Indian
running playing chase in tall tree branches
with imaginative spirit that knew Great Spirit
despite an ocean of time and cultural difference
Copyright © Terence George CraddockBack when I was a kid at play,
we played  games throughout the day,
Telephone wires that snapped on the ground,
were our skipping ropes we had found.
Stilts were made from wood poles so grand,
Walked my brother from a roof tops  across the land.
Back yard swamps were cleared during autumn rush,
Which made winter skating go from Dawn to Dusk.
An important  roll my big brother did play,
Tying a rope around me,  on hot swimming days,
Someone would ask,  'What good will that do.'
-'Just pull me up,  if I  should turn blue.'
Needing some money,  we walked the ditch,
looking for pop bottles to make our pitch.
Our crew hiked to town,  It was our only way,
To see a good movie on a free Saturday.
Now the woods was a place of wonder
Rocking ourselves from one pine tree  to another.
Forts were built,  and hide and seek  played.
From the house,  the cars horn blew by end of day.
Oh how  I miss the days as a kid
When your imagination ran wild through your head
Friendships held strong,  throughout the years
The trust has remained,  as we laugh with tears.I use to sharpen the teacher's pencils
I erased the chalk from our classroom boards.
I always waited for you out at recess
by the swing sets or under a sliding board.
I carried your books for you to class
like any good friend would do.
But one day you forgot, of who I was
in that time that I knew of you.
My name is of no importance now
I'm a face you wouldn't even know.
But as children sharing cookies and milk
these are those Childhood Memories I hold.
Your desk was right in front of mine
I remember the smell, of your braided shampooed hair.
And when you were home, with some sickness unknown
I made sure to go sit in your chair.
I carved my initials in the top of your desk
and surrounded it with a heart.
Was hoping one day, while you were away
to give your initials their beginning, their start.
I was moved and never got my chance
to finish what was I had started.
But one day I hope, to send you this note
Telling you how sad, that are lives have parted.
Maybe you'll find, some memories of mine
in a moment you bring to thought.
Then you will see, what your memories have meant to me
in a childhood memory of me you lost.Rays of light flow through the glass,
Flittering memories of the past.
Of happy times and playful things,
like a baby bird spreading its wings.
Flying through the sunlit air,
without worries without cares.
Its simple nature so soft and calm,
Beckons everyone like a charm.
A little fox running through the trees,
fields of flowers and their bees.
So close to heart and yet so far,
A child's life is like a shining star.CHILDHOOD MEMORIES
I still remember my childhood,
Love, affection and chide of my mother,
Weeping in a false manner,
Playing in the moonlight,
Struggles with cousins and companions,
Psuedo-chide of my father,
I still have everything with me,
But i miss,
Those childhood memoriesSome people have a childhood garden
Filled with green and growing things
Some people have a childhood garden
Filled with purple peonies
Mine is sere
Throughout the year
Nothing grows here
Some people have a childhood rainbow
A sea of colors all aglow
Some people have a childhood rainbow
Red to violet in a row
Mine is gray
Bow of clay
Without a ray
Some people have a childhood temple
Covered with a million treasured dreams
Some people have a childhood temple
A sunny Wat of Gods and kings
Mine is plain
Squats in the rain
Functional 'n sane
Where childhood memories abound
Life flows vividly around
Where childhood memories have fled
Hearts lie deadI become stronger when I am in her presence
For even she knows that she is my quintessence
I watch her sleep trying to unveil her identity
As those pretty coloured eyes open to greet me
A smile forms on her beautiful face
Unsurprisingly sleep hasn't left it's trace
My lips met her lips to greet them to a new day
Eyes lingering on her wrists as I pull away
I can feel her heart beginning to race
As I see the aching pain on her innocent face
Fresh scars that I never knew exist
Have taken their place on her fragile wrist
Taking her hands in mine I kiss the scars on her wrist
Tears rolled from her eyes the moment I had kissed
I whisper in her ears that everything will be fine
Whilst wishing all of her pain becomes mine
Watching her suffer continues to tear me apart
Will her childhood memories ever depart
She cuts herself to ease the unbearable pain
No matter how hard she tries it's all in vain
My mind asks how long will this pain go on for?
Common sense tells me I can't take no more
Instinct reassures me that I will make it through
After all the advice I still don’t know what to do
I wonder when the healing process will start
So that her past and present can drift apart
Will pain take mercy on her innocent soul
Or will it crush her wings causing her to fall
I wait for her pain to be washed away by the rain
So that she can forget her past to start all over againThe most enjoying period in one's life,
Is the exciting childhood life.
There is so much time for play,
And also make things with clay.
We make many friends,
And chat away to no ends.
There is no need to worry,
Or to be in a hurry.
There are no tensions,
For we do'nt look for pensions.
Such a quiet, pleasant life,
Is the wonderful Childhood life.
There is no need to carry loads,
Or work day in and out laying roads.
But a much simpler job-Studying,
Which is the only short cut for prospering.
Oh! childhood, how I wish to get it back,
But could recollect memories preserved in a rack.
So friend, enjoy the childhood to the content of the heart,
But without neglecting the studies part.Ah me! conceiv'd in sin, and born in sorrow,
A nothing, here to day, but gone to morrow,
Whose mean beginning, blushing can't reveal,
But night and darkness must with shame conceal.
My mother's breeding sickness, I will spare,
Her nine months' weary burden not declare.
To shew her bearing pangs, I should do wrong,
To tell that pain, which can't be told by tongue.
With tears into this world I did arrive;
My mother still did waste, as I did thrive,
Who yet with love and all alacrity,
Spending was willing to be spent for me.
With wayward cries, I did disturb her rest,
Who sought still to appease me with her breast;
With weary arms, she danc'd, and By, By, sung,
When wretched I (ungrate) had done the wrong.
When Infancy was past, my Childishness
Did act all folly that it could express.
My silliness did only take delight
In that which riper age did scorn and slight,
In Rattles, Bables, and such toyish stuff.
My then ambitious thoughts were low enough.
My high-born soul so straitly was confin'd
That its own worth it did not know nor mind.
This little house of flesh did spacious count,
Through ignorance, all troubles did surmount,
Yet this advantage had mine ignorance,
Freedom from Envy and from Arrogance.
How to be rich, or great, I did not cark,
A Baron or a Duke ne'r made my mark,
Nor studious was, Kings favours how to buy,
With costly presents, or base flattery;
No office coveted, wherein I might
Make strong my self and turn aside weak right.
No malice bare to this or that great Peer,
Nor unto buzzing whisperers gave ear.
I gave no hand, nor vote, for death, or life.
I'd nought to do, 'twixt Prince, and peoples' strife.
No Statist I: nor Marti'list i' th' field.
Where e're I went, mine innocence was shield.
My quarrels, not for Diadems, did rise,
But for an Apple, Plumb, or some such prize.
My strokes did cause no death, nor wounds, nor scars.
My little wrath did cease soon as my wars.
My duel was no challenge, nor did seek.
My foe should weltering, with his bowels reek.
I had no Suits at law, neighbours to vex,
Nor evidence for land did me perplex.
I fear'd no storms, nor all the winds that blows.
I had no ships at Sea, no fraughts to loose.
I fear'd no drought, nor wet; I had no crop,
Nor yet on future things did place my hope.
This was mine innocence, but oh the seeds
Lay raked up of all the cursed weeds,
Which sprouted forth in my insuing age,
As he can tell, that next comes on the stage.
But let me yet relate, before I go,
The sins and dangers I am subject to:
From birth stained, with Adam's sinful fact,
From thence I 'gan to sin, as soon as act;
A perverse will, a love to what's forbid;
A serpent's sting in pleasing face lay hid;
A lying tongue as soon as it could speak
And fifth Commandment do daily break;
Oft stubborn, peevish, sullen, pout, and cry;
Then nought can please, and yet I know not why.
As many was my sins, so dangers too,
For sin brings sorrow, sickness, death, and woe,
And though I miss the tossings of the mind,
Yet griefs in my frail flesh I still do find.
What gripes of wind, mine infancy did pain?
What tortures I, in breeding teeth sustain?
What crudities my cold stomach hath bred?
Whence vomits, worms, and flux have issued?
What breaches, knocks, and falls I daily have?
And some perhaps, I carry to my grave.
Sometimes in fire, sometimes in water fall:
Strangely preserv'd, yet mind it not at all.
At home, abroad, my danger's manifold
That wonder 'tis, my glass till now doth hold.
I've done: unto my elders I give way,
For 'tis but little that a child can say.I.
That idol, black eyes and yellow mop, without parents or court,
nobler than Mexican and Flemish fables;
his domain, insolent azure and verdure,
runs over beaches called by the shipless waves,
names ferociously Greek, Slav, Celt.
At the border of the forest-- dream flowers tinkle, flash, and flare,--
the girl with orange lips, knees
crossed in the clear flood that gushes from the fields,
nakedness shaded, traversed, dressed by rainbow, flora, sea.
Ladies who stroll on terraces adjacent to the sea;
baby girls and giantesses,
superb blacks in the verdigris moss,
jewels upright on the rich ground
of groves and little thawed gardens,--
young mothers and big sisters with eyes full of pilgrimages,
sultanas, princesses tyrannical of costume and carriage,
little foreign misses and young ladies gently unhappy.
What boredom, the hour of the 'dear body' and 'dear heart.'
II.
It is she, the little girl, dead behind the rosebushes. --
The young mamma, deceased, comes down the stoop.--
The cousin's carriage creaks on the sand.--
The little brother (he is in India!) there,
before the western sky in the meadow of pinks.
The old men who have been buried upright
in the rampart overgrown with gillyflowers.
Swarms of golden leaves surround the general's house.
They are in the south.--
You follow the red road to reach the empty inn.
The chateau is for sale; the shutters are coming off.
The priest must have taken away the key of the church.
Around the park the keepers' cottages are uninhabited.
The enclosures are so high that nothing
can be seen but the rustling tree tops.
Besides, there is nothing to be seen within.
The meadows go up to the hamlets without anvils or cocks.
The sluice gate is open.
O the Calvaries and the windmills of the desert,
the islands and the haystacks!
Magic flowers droned.
The slopes cradled him.
Beasts of a fabulous elegance moved about.
The clouds gathered over the high sea,
formed of an eternity of hot tears.
III.
In the woods there is a bird;
his song stops you and makes you blush.
There is a clock that never strikes.
There is a hollow with a nest of white beasts.
There is a cathedral that goes down and a lake that goes up.
There is a little carriage abandoned in the copse
or that goes running down the road beribboned.
There is a troupe of little actors in costume, glimpsed on the road
through the border of the woods.
And then, when you are hungry and thirsty,
there is someone who drives you away.
IV.
I am the saint at prayer on the terrace
like the peaceful beasts
that graze down to the sea of Palestine.
I am the scholar of the dark armchair.
Branches and rain hurl themselves at the windows of my library.
I am the pedestrian of the highroad by way of the dwarf woods;
the roar of the sluices drowns my steps.
I can see for a long time the melancholy wash of the setting sun.
I might well be the child abandoned on the jetty
on its way to the high seas, the little farm boy following the lane,
its forehead touching the sky. The paths are rough.
The hillocks are covered with broom.
The air is motionless. How far away are the birds and the springs!
It can only be the end of the world ahead.
V.
Let them rent me this whitewashed tomb, at last,
with cement lines in relief,-- far down under ground.
I lean my elbows on the table,
the lamp shines brightly on these newspapers
I am fool enough to read again, these stupid books.
An enormous distance above my subterranean parlor,
houses take root, fogs gather.
The mud is red or black.
Monstrous city, night without end!
Less high are the sewers. At the sides,
nothing but the thickness of the globe.
Chasms of azure, wells of fire perhaps.
Perhaps it is on these levels that moons and comets meet,
fables and seas. In hours of bitterness,
I imagine balls of sapphire, of metal.
I am master of silence.
Why should the semblance of an opening
pale under one corner of the vault?Memories of childhood prattle sweet,
Strange, funny utterances incomplete;
Toddling walk on the faltering feet,
Falling down, the same to repeat.
The fondly fight among the siblings,
Pulling one another's strings,
Shielding us to mom we cling,
Affectionately she sweet kisses flings.
Later through sweet sour we wade,
Asking mom for sweet lemonade;
Never bothered about sun and shade,
All the day with friends we played.
When came back in game hurt,
With all sort of soil on shirt;
Silently and stealthily came in home
Dad's scolding on us large loom.
Passing away of grandpas
Of great grief it was a cause,
Of saving grace they were straws,
That day our grief we couldn't gauze.
The memories of childhood sweet or sour,
Make a person bloom as crimson flower;
When I think of the affectionate bower,
I feel as fresh as if I just had a shower.Childhood, sweet and sunny childhood,
With its careless, thoughtless air,
Like the verdant, tangled wildwood,
Wants the training hand of care.
See it springing all around us --
Glad to know, and quick to learn;
Asking questions that confound us;
Teaching lessons in its turn.
Who loves not its joyous revel,
Leaping lightly on the lawn,
Up the knoll, along the level,
Free and graceful as a fawn?
Let it revel; it is nature
Giving to the little dears
Strength of limb, and healthful features,
For the toil of coming years.
He who checks a child with terror,
Stops its play, and stills its song,
Not alone commits an error,
But a great and moral wrong.
Give it play, and never fear it --
Active life is no defect;
Never, never break its spirit --
Curb it only to direct.
Would you dam the flowing river,
Thinking it would cease to flow?
Onward it must go forever --
Better teach it where to go.
Childhood is a fountain welling,
Trace its channel in the sand,
And its currents, spreading, swelling,
Will revive the withered land.
Childhood is the vernal season;
Trim and train the tender shoot;
Love is to the coming reason,
As the blossom to the fruit.
Tender twigs are bent and folded --
Art to nature beauty lends;
Childhood easily is moulded;
Manhood breaks, but seldom bends.She does not know that rooms are bleak and bare,
That poverty dwells with us all the while;
It is enough for her that I am there
To praise her little deeds, to sing and smile.
She does not know that heartache hovers near
Above the place where lie her dolls asleep,
That eyes grow wide and dark with naked fear
And life seems such a tired trust to keep.
Sunlight to her is earth's most precious gold,
Daisies and buttercups are jewels rare,
A clump of mignonette is wealth untold,
Her crown a wreath of flowers in her hair.
No banquet hall in all the bounteous land
Has half the glory of a picnic spread
Out on a shining beach, with sun and sand,
Wind in her face, and seagulls overhead.
Oh, may our hearts be glad for common things,
Whitecaps at sea and tattered driftwood piled,
Finding in these the peace that Heaven brings.
Grant us the simple wisdom of a child.I was unable to read and understand
What were papa up to and his stand?
When he will be angry or loose temper?
When he will embrace me or pamper?
I was feeling secure and happy as child
Mother was always very kind and mild
She looked to me as ocean of love
Ready with delicious food and serve
In her warmth I could feel bright day
She was almost there to show the way
She may forgo her comfort of sleep and say
I must be good boy and attention must pay
Her words are stored as unforgettable memory
When she is not seen around I feel so sorry
I search her here and there with utmost concern
So many things I had yet to follow and learn
Papa sometimes come heavily on me and scolds
Mother at the same time come and warmly holds
What a greatness to shower love with difference?
One must understand and draw lesson with inference
Papa seemed to me very harsh as head of family
He used to hold my hand firmly for mistakes silly
Mother may not interfere and make father angry
She may feed me with love when I felt hungry
Still I felt immense love for father
He was determined to take me further
He made me to look different from others
So I should be of my own and needn’t bother
As parent they taught me lesson with high morality
They did all they could do as per their ability
How to express why I hold then in high esteem? |
May be their intense love which to me possibly seem
Many children may not find situation like this
They might have lost parents and surely miss
Childhood is most important thing to cherish
Their sweet memories remain and don’t vanishI cannot reach it; and my striving eye
Dazzles at it, as at eternity.
Were now that chronicle alive,
Those white designs which children drive,
And the thoughts of each harmless hour,
With their content, too, in my power,
Quickly would I make my path even,
And by mere playing go to heaven.
Why should men love
A wolf more than a lamb or dove?
Or choose hell-fire and brimstone streams
Before bright stars and God's own beams?
Who kisseth thorns will hurt his face,
But flowers do both refresh and grace,
And sweetly living - fie on men! -
Are, when dead, medicinal then;
If seeing much should make staid eyes,
And long experience should make wise,
Since all that age doth teach is ill,
Why should I not love childhood still?
Why, if I see a rock or shelf,
Shall I from thence cast down myself?
Or by complying with the world,
From the same precipice be hurled?
Those observations are but foul
Which make me wise to lose my soul.
And yet the practice worldlings call
Business, and weighty action all,
Checking the poor child for his play,
But gravely cast themselves away.
Dear, harmless age! the short, swift span
Where weeping Virtue parts with man;
Where love without lust dwells, and bends
What way we please without self-ends.
An age of mysteries! which he
Must live twice that would God's face see;
Which angels guard, and with it play,
Angels! which foul men drive away.
How do I study now, and scan
Thee more than e'er I studied man,
And only see through a long night
Thy edges and thy bordering light!
Oh for thy center and midday!
For sure that is the narrow way!These recollections with the scent of ferns
Are the idyll of early years
(Gregorio Gutierrez González)
Accompanying the hazy memories
Time so generously glorifies,
Returning to a welcoming heart
And flocking like white butterflies,
Come fantasies of happy childhood days.
Blue Beard, Little Red Ridinghood,
Lilliputians and the giant Gulliver,
All of you, floating in the mist of dreams,
Spread your wings, fly,
So I, the happy journeyer
Through storybooks, may summon you
To join with other, beloved characters.
O blessed youth! Eyes aglimmer
With dawning discovery
Follow the weary teacher’s hand
Across the big red figures
In the tattered primer,
Where traces of vague recognition,
Rewarding periods of youthful despondency,
Beneath indifferent shadows
Begin forming letters into words
On a dewy, white,
Luminous, restless August morning,
Helping a blazing sun rise
On wings of the breeze
Toward skies dotted with drifting clouds;
Listening to a grandmother’s
Exemplary fairy tales;
Skipping school
To organize a clamorous battle
In which rocks rattle like bullets
And a rumpled kerchief becomes a flag.
Constructing a manger scene
Of materials gathered from the woods,
Then, after the long, rowdy outing
Arranging the grasses,
Coral twigs, and treasured mosses,
And on strange and alien landscapes,
Perspectives never seen or dreamed,
Creating roads of golden sand
And waterfalls of gleaming tinsel.
Positioning the Wise Men on the hill
And overhead
The star that led them from afar;
In the crib, the laughing Baby Jesus
In his bed of
Softest mosses and leafy ferns.
Pristine soul, blush-pink cheeks,
Skin like ermine on the snow,
Flaxen curls,
Sparkling yet peaceful eyes, how fair
In memory the innocent babe!
Childhood, hallowed valley
Of blessed calm and coolness,
Where rays that will later blast our days
So softly shine,
How saintly your pure innocence,
How fleeting your brief happiness,
How sweet in hours of bitterness
To turn back to the past
And call upon those memories!Childhood is rare
Unlike a bear
Childhood is fun
Unlike eating a bun
Childhood is like fire
Like the excitment of getting hired
Childhood is like honey
Like a hopping bunny
Appreciate childhood
Like when you first stood
Appreciate childhood...At the height of sun-pressed summer
the tar on the seaside pavement
stuck to the Start-Rite sandals
with a sound like half-dried glue.
Gg-luck, went each step. Bliss.
Life needed nothing else.
Because we have not yet lived our life
we do not know - to grasp, or hoard -
that this - to live in the present with every sense,
without a thought, without a care -
is a totality of happiness
we may yearn for later
but may remember
properly
without sentiment,
without regret;
and thus,
forever.Childhood is not a real hood.Childhood...
Childhood...
Childhood...
C hildhood...
everyone will always remember there
past times..
we share them with our
friends and family
I sometimes wish
im still in my childhood year
it was so much fun,
playing with my cousins
going to fun places.
Childhood...
Ederley people share it with
the grandkids
I miss my childhood year: (
although i'll never forget it
it'll always be in my heart were
it would never go away.Listen to their laughter
Listen to them sing
Watch them on the roundabout
Watch them on the swings
See them playing football
See them beam and glow
Innocence of childhood
Why does it not show…
Us … as we get older
How sweet life could be
If … just now and then
We could look and see …
The child … still deep within us
Gentle simplicity
That years and years obliterate
As we become less free
So caught up in the world
It’s complications too…
Wouldn’t it be nicer
If our childhood lasted through….
All our life upon this earth
It’s gentle innocence
Making mankind kinder………
And maybe have more sense…..It would be good to give much thought, before
you try to find words for something so lost,
for those long childhood afternoons you knew
that vanished so completely -and why?
We're still reminded-: sometimes by a rain,
but we can no longer say what it means;
life was never again so filled with meeting,
with reunion and with passing on
as back then, when nothing happened to us
except what happens to things and creatures:
we lived their world as something human,
and became filled to the brim with figures.
And became as lonely as a sheperd
and as overburdened by vast distances,
and summoned and stirred as from far away,
and slowly, like a long new thread,
introduced into that picture-sequence
where now having to go on bewilders us.I
The bitterness. the misery, the wretchedness of childhood
Put me out of love with God.
I can't believe in God's goodness;
I can believe
In many avenging gods.
Most of all I believe
In gods of bitter dullness,
Cruel local gods
Who scared my childhood.
II
I've seen people put
A chrysalis in a match-box,
"To see," they told me, "what sort of moth would come."
But when it broke its shell
It slipped and stumbled and fell about its prison
And tried to climb to the light
For space to dry its wings.
That's how I was.
Somebody found my chrysalis
And shut it in a match-box.
My shrivelled wings were beaten,
Shed their colours in dusty scales
Before the box was opened
For the moth to fly.
III
I hate that town;
I hate the town I lived in when I was little;
I hate to think of it.
There wre always clouds, smoke, rain
In that dingly little valley.
It rained; it always rained.
I think I never saw the sun until I was nine --
And then it was too late;
Everything's too late after the first seven years.
The long street we lived in
Was duller than a drain
And nearly as dingy.
There were the big College
And the pseudo-Gothic town-hall.
There were the sordid provincial shops --
The grocer's, and the shops for women,
The shop where I bought transfers,
And the piano and gramaphone shop
Where I used to stand
Staring at the huge shiny pianos and at the pictures
Of a white dog looking into a gramaphone.
How dull and greasy and grey and sordid it was!
On wet days -- it was always wet --
I used to kneel on a chair
And look at it from the window.
The dirty yellow trams
Dragged noisily along
With a clatter of wheels and bells
And a humming of wires overhead.
They threw up the filthy rain-water from the hollow lines
And then the water ran back
Full of brownish foam bubbles.
There was nothing else to see --
It was all so dull --
Except a few grey legs under shiny black umbrellas
Running along the grey shiny pavements;
Sometimes there was a waggon
Whose horses made a strange loud hollow sound
With their hoofs
Through the silent rain.
And there was a grey museum
Full of dead birds and dead insects and dead animals
And a few relics of the Romans -- dead also.
There was a sea-front,
A long asphalt walk with a bleak road beside it,
Three piers, a row of houses,
And a salt dirty smell from the little harbour.
I was like a moth --
Like one of those grey Emperor moths
Which flutter through the vines at Capri.
And that damned little town was my match-box,
Against whose sides I beat and beat
Until my wings were torn and faded, and dingy
As that damned little town.
IV
At school it was just as dull as that dull High Street.
The front was dull;
The High Street and the other street were dull --
And there was a public park, I remember,
And that was damned dull, too,
With its beds of geraniums no one was allowed to pick,
And its clipped lawns you weren't allowed to walk on,
And the gold-fish pond you mustn't paddle in,
And the gate made out of a whale's jaw-bones,
And the swings, which were for "Board-School children,"
And its gravel paths.
And on Sundays they rang the bells,
From Baptist and Evangelical and Catholic churches.
They had a Salvation Army.
I was taken to a High Church;
The parson's name was Mowbray,
"Which is a good name but he thinks too much of it --"
That's what I heard people say.
I took a little black book
To that cold, grey, damp, smelling church,
And I had to sit on a hard bench,
Wriggle off it to kneel down when they sang psalms
And wriggle off it to kneel down when they prayed,
And then there was nothing to do
Except to play trains with the hymn-books.
There was nothing to see,
Nothing to do,
Nothing to play with,
Except that in an empty room upstairs
There was a large tin box
Containing reproductions of the Magna Charta,
Of the Declaration of Independence
And of a letter from Raleigh after the Armada.
There were also several packets of stamps,
Yellow and blue Guatemala parrots,
Blue stags and red baboons and birds from Sarawak,
Indians and Men-of-war
From the United States,
And the green and red portraits
Of King Francobello
Of Italy.
V
I don't believe in God.
I do believe in avenging gods
Who plague us for sins we never sinned
But who avenge us.
That's why I'll never have a child,
Never shut up a chrysalis in a match-box
For the moth to spoil and crush its brght colours,
Beating its wings against the dingy prison-wall.I miss my old home
It had a broken mirror
I couldn't see my face
I miss my childhood
It had a broken memory
It was a lonely place
But it felt comforting
We have one childhood
Whether it's good or bad
We remember those days
and all the fun we had
But it could also be ugly
The way it was for me
I was picked on alot
They made fun of me
Now I'm getting older
But, I'm still a child
This world gets colder
For each and every child.The younger years may fade but childhood remains within
Like a constant trace which can never be erased by time.
Always bound to a paradise that is evergreen
Where all poets never lose any enchanting rhyme.
I remember the time when the glow calls attention
As the nightingale and robin join in one chorus,
The sea reflects the glory of the blue horizon
And the harmony combines with no one to refuse.
The energy I spent in games has never been lost.
Everything I did rewinds unto me like a dream.
I have gained experiences that I can proudly boast,
For they are treasures to keep when comes the moonlight gleam.
O my friends! I can never forget those faithful years,
The times we wished upon the stars as we share our joys!
I cherish the times we group to dry each other’s tears
And satisfy the mute and silent with friendly voice.
Rest assured, all these things I can never forget,
For they are simple precious gems unworthy of trade.
Childhood sings with me in a legendary duet
Like the old times when history is perfectly made.
Thanks to Him who taught me to live and gave what I need.
Now I bear the fruits of summer from being a seed!
(Here's a version with Mr. Luke Easter)
Childhood Remains Within
Where are he younger years and how dare they not remain?
Fleeting, as the flowerbed seems like it went before it came,
Usually a constant traced that can never be erased by time,
Until black/brown turns to gray, clouds covering up my mind.
The juvenile days of marshmallow roasts abandon the stream,
From a paradise bound to be a forest forever no longer green,
Where poets remain like Anacondas, silent enchanting rhyme,
Yet everything must yield to Mother Nature, even Father Time,
As nightingale and robin join in one chorus to usher the moon,
Ocean’s reflect the glory of a blue horizon the sun is too soon,
Their harmony combines where no other species might refuse,
If it was downtown Chicago you would swear it was the blues.
The energy I spent in games never won has never been lost,
Everything I did rewinds with me like a dream there is a cost,
Gained experiences from childhood that I can proudly boast,
At a midnight sandbox I repelled Casper the Friendly Ghost.
Who ever heard of Witch’s and Goblins not making you fear?
O my friends! I’ll never forget those faithful childhood years,
One night we wished upon the stars in the middle of a storm,
Because good friends huddle together & everyone was warm.
Rest assured that all of these friendly memories I shall forget,
They are special precious gems unworthy of trading and yet,
For one more childhood hoop and holler in a legendary duet,
Would I relinquish my wealth for old times, hell yeah you bet.
Thanks to Him who taught me to live and giving what I need,
Now I shall plant the summer fruits for my coming little seed,
To satisfy vicariously from daddy’s offspring one day I’ll see,
Spirit joy filled laughter my parents experienced through me.
Is that not how growth begins and expands within the earth?
Nothing begets anything unless a seed of life is planted first,
Only what is planted will regenerate and determine it’s worth,
Silent darkness of the underground or warmth of the hearth?
Seasons oh seasons, dragging on forever, fall, winter, spring,
As ushering in the summer seemed like your only good thing,
Will always remember my first little league homerun I was 10,
No matter how many years flee, “Childhood Remains Within.”memories of childhood...
such a wonderful, hazy, warm feeling,
special memories, filled with love
come welling up, and send my senses reeling,
aromatic fragrance, wafting up from the kitchen,
aroma of my mothers cooking,
father getting ready for work,
how handome he is looking,
I'm ready for school., hair plaited,
clutch my little, sisters hand tightly
bags perched securely on our backs
and off we go, skipping lightly,
lessons and studies, dilligently done,
supervised by dad, but always fun,
carefree, happy times were those
one could do, what one chose....
the familiar house, and the close kinship
so many friends, and closely knit friendship,
no cares, no worries, they were not for us,
only love and protection, and a special fuss,
what wonderful years I can never forget
a happy childhood is an important asset
and now we are grown........
only memories are left....
when we are feeling down, or nostalgic,
just go back to those magical years...
relive those times, that sparkling innocence,
that time, devoid of from doubt and fears
oh childhood...so quickly did you fly
your very memory makes us sigh...
and remember.and smile, and feel content
for the Godgiven wonderful years, so well spent...
oh childhood, I hope I have been a good mother,
what I learnt from you, I hope I have given another,
a treasure for my children, to recall, and  to cherish
a treasure to revel in and sustain, when we perish.CHIPS OFF THE OLD BLOKE
This face(our face)    is
passed amongst us three...brothers.
Each of us wearing
it as our own. Only Dad
owning the original.
********
FIRST LOVE
My name scrawled in chalk
coloured with the confines
of a big red heart.
Your name now...entwined with mine.
Sunlight glints off our glasses.
********
AND THE FIRST SHALL BE LAST
Winning...the sack race!
Me out on my own...winning
by a smile...easy!
Take pity on poor struggling
No.2...ahhh...let him win!
********
L’ÉTRANGER
He re, everything is
foreign...strange...unknown to him
lost now as he...is
in the streets of his childhood.
Everything...as it was...no more.
Written all over my face.
********
DÓNALL’S TRAVELS
Here, his big bedroom
shrunk to tiny box room.
His lake...a mere pond.
He now a giant among things
in the lost land of his childhood.How advanced they are, these children of the future,
Like small adults, within their tiny frames,
They grow up in a fast 'speed driven' culture,
Where 'learning pressures' change their kind of games,
Where is their childhood, in all this hurly burly,
Where is their pure untainted view of things,
Why do they have to grow so old, so early,
And lose the joy that only childhood brings.
Our childhood was filled with thoughts of joy and gladness,
We lived our lives, oblivious to the world
And all the hardships, wars, the grief and sadness,
We stood, waiting for our lives to be unfurled.
We had time to grow, and gain an understanding,
Of each new phase, each change along the way,
As we grew slowly, our senses all expanding,
So with clarity, we slowly changed our play.
We had a framework on which to build and flourish,
Slow and steady, this was no rushed affair,
Taking each step, then step by step to nourish,
Our childhood, so finally adulthood we would share.
What will become, of these 'New Century' learners,
I doubt if they, a dreamy childhood see,
Will they then tell to all those bright discerners
Of their own, how they remembered their childhood to be.I used to be
in the Girl Guides
but I was thrown out
when it was found out
...I was a boy!
I mean...why?
I had the girls tied up
in knots of laugter
& always won the contest to see
who could pee the furtherest!Underground, down in the dugout
when during the second world war
a siren wailed a last warning
before the darkest pall... plunging;
insecurity;  screaming soon commenced
higher;  higher it seemed to climb
human fear greeting the silence.
As hunger gnawed at his belly
a youngster decided to run
away up out of the shelter
in search of action and fun.
Wow!  It was just so exciting
watching war planes in the night sky
as the enemy passed over
left behind, their lethal bye-bye's.
Far better than the cinema!
For these were Hitler's men!  Pow! Pow!
And were really up above... BOOM!
With searchlights;  chaos and mayhem.
He could see Britain was fighting
and his Dad was a soldier too
but Mum was down in the dugout...
from here;  such a fantastic view!
When they got back he'd be for it!
Oh but couldn't care less right now
when the bombing left off in a
moment... get up, out on patrol.
As hunger gnawed at his belly
recalling the meal from last night;
that cat was really quite tasty
but what could they all eat tonight?
Taking off into the distance
with nothing to wear on his feet;
perhaps the house was still upright
people started to pass on the street.
As hunger gnawed at his belly
slowly turning to where he thought:
Was it here our home had been standing?
Must tell Mum we've been bombed out!I thought I was prepared.
People asked
''Are you excited? ''
I always answered
''Heck yes I am! ''
My ''baby-girl''
heading off to college
to become a police officer
filled me with more pride than I ever imagined.
But-
also never imagined...
the emptiness left
in her absence.
Felt immediately.
After the truckload of
''college essentials''
were carried to her tiny dorm room
we said our goodbyes
and it hit me...
her childhood is over!
There is no more time
to schedule those
''One day we'll take the kids there...''trips.
No more
''When we get the money we'll do this...''.
Broken promises
flooded my ears.
All I heard was my own voice
reassuring her that ''One day we'll....''.
The tears have dried over the past 3 weeks.
But the lesson learned
will stay forever.
I will not mourn
the death of a childhood,
I will celebrate the life
of a beautiful young woman.Outside the house an ash-tree hung its terrible whips,
And at night when the wind arose, the lash of the tree
Shrieked and slashed the wind, as a ship’s
Weird rigging in a storm shrieks hideously.
Within the house two voices arose in anger, a slender lash
Whistling delirious rage, and the dreadful sound
Of a thick lash booming and bruising, until it drowned
The other voice in a silence of blood, ’neath the noise of the ash.'lie still, and be forevermore a child'  Christopher Dowson
Your remote beauty is impressive
but not lovely.
I fear, the sudden aloof awareness
of these barren heights to which
no longer child you foolishly aspire -
and ruthlessly descend -
self banished from your elfin realm;
In which you dwelt and frolicked.How we loved them.
In an otherwise grey world
These blinkered, patient creatures
Gave us such delight as
Massive, sinewy strong, they pulled the carts
Piled high with metal parts
Over the cobbled streets
To the docks and back.
Gentle giants, with gleaming coats
Friendly, allowing us to stroke them and call their names.
These huge horses trudging along
Proud, strong workers.
Once each year-the annual fair-
They came in procession,
Bedecked in leather, silver and brass.
Garlands and roses entwined in their hair.
Like the war-horses of old
They stood stately and proud
Caparaisoned in all their finery,
Heads high, knightly in bearing,
Magnificent to behold.
One day they were gone.
The shipyards closed-
Orders gone to Japan.
They had become 'economically unviable',
An anachronism in our brave new post-war world.
But we children missed them;
They'd been our friends.
And when our eyes met theirs
We had understood each other.Up on the hill
In the posh areas
Where the Victorian villas
Were set back from tree lined roads,
The gas lamps in the streets were
Wrought iron, carved and elegant.
The lampleerie would open them
And light each lamp
One by one.
As each glowed with a warm soft light
They seemed like necklaces;
Shining jewels beading
Their way around the night.
Down near the docks
The tenements were dark and dank.
Their closes shadowed
With children's ghostly fears.
But every night at twilight
Our leerie came down from the hill.
With his long pole
He stretched up, turned on the taps.
Spluttering flames first blue
Then coming to brilliant life,
Spreading wide arcs of welcoming light.
And all our  bogeymen took flight.An open space, pitted with ditches,
Jagged places, filled with debris.
We were warned not to play there
But what child could resist it?
There we built palaces
From which princesses were rescued;
Plains where cowboys fought indians.
Among the ruins we played hide and seek,
Cops and robbers, kick the can,
And other childhood  games.
In summer we climbed mountains,
Explored new continents,
Hacked our way through jungles.
In winter we sledged on icy slopes,
Had vicious snowball battles.
And when it rained we made paper boats
That sailed a brief moment,
Then sank in muddy puddles.Happy childhood memories the best memories of all
And my younger years in Millstreet I will always recall
On evenings in Summer up to the mid Fall
In the Townpark at the West End we played gaelic football
My friends of my youth where might they be today
Like me have the years left them balder and gray
Though some of them in the home Parish did stay
In life one might say we just went our own way
Since those days so many years have come and gone
And time does not wait it just ticks on and on
Many of the friends of my youth I may not see again
Though good memories of them with me does remain
And in fancy I chase the football up and down
With my happy young friends in the Park of the Town.Downward through the evening twilight,
In the days that are forgotten,
In the unremembered ages,
From the full moon fell Nokomis,
Fell the beautiful Nokomis,
She a wife, but not a mother.
She was sporting with her women,
Swinging in a swing of grape-vines,
When her rival the rejected,
Full of jealousy and hatred,
Cut the leafy swing asunder,
Cut in twain the twisted grape-vines,
And Nokomis fell affrighted
Downward through the evening twilight,
On the Muskoday, the meadow,
On the prairie full of blossoms.
"See! a star falls!" said the people;
"From the sky a star is falling!"
There among the ferns and mosses,
There among the prairie lilies,
On the Muskoday, the meadow,
In the moonlight and the starlight,
Fair Nokomis bore a daughter.
And she called her name Wenonah,
As the first-born of her daughters.
And the daughter of Nokomis
Grew up like the prairie lilies,
Grew a tall and slender maiden,
With the beauty of the moonlight,
With the beauty of the starlight.
And Nokomis warned her often,
Saying oft, and oft repeating,
"Oh, beware of Mudjekeewis,
Of the West-Wind, Mudjekeewis;
Listen not to what he tells you;
Lie not down upon the meadow,
Stoop not down among the lilies,
Lest the West-Wind come and harm you!"
But she heeded not the warning,
Heeded not those words of wisdom,
And the West-Wind came at evening,
Walking lightly o'er the prairie,
Whispering to the leaves and blossoms,
Bending low the flowers and grasses,
Found the beautiful Wenonah,
Lying there among the lilies,
Wooed her with his words of sweetness,
Wooed her with his soft caresses,
Till she bore a son in sorrow,
Bore a son of love and sorrow.
Thus was born my Hiawatha,
Thus was born the child of wonder;
But the daughter of Nokomis,
Hiawatha's gentle mother,
In her anguish died deserted
By the West-Wind, false and faithless,
By the heartless Mudjekeewis.
For her daughter long and loudly
Wailed and wept the sad Nokomis;
"Oh that I were dead!" she murmured,
"Oh that I were dead, as thou art!
No more work, and no more weeping,
Wahonowin! Wahonowin!"
By the shores of Gitche Gumee,
By the shining Big-Sea-Water,
Stood the wigwam of Nokomis,
Daughter of the Moon, Nokomis.
Dark behind it rose the forest,
Rose the black and gloomy pine-trees,
Rose the firs with cones upon them;
Bright before it beat the water,
Beat the clear and sunny water,
Beat the shining Big-Sea-Water.
There the wrinkled old Nokomis
Nursed the little Hiawatha,
Rocked him in his linden cradle,
Bedded soft in moss and rushes,
Safely bound with reindeer sinews;
Stilled his fretful wail by saying,
"Hush! the Naked Bear will hear thee!"
Lulled him into slumber, singing,
"Ewa-yea! my little owlet!
Who is this, that lights the wigwam?
With his great eyes lights the wigwam?
Ewa-yea! my little owlet!"
Many things Nokomis taught him
Of the stars that shine in heaven;
Showed him Ishkoodah, the comet,
Ishkoodah, with fiery tresses;
Showed the Death-Dance of the spirits,
Warriors with their plumes and war-clubs,
Flaring far away to northward
In the frosty nights of Winter;
Showed the broad white road in heaven,
Pathway of the ghosts, the shadows,
Running straight across the heavens,
Crowded with the ghosts, the shadows.
At the door on summer evenings
Sat the little Hiawatha;
Heard the whispering of the pine-trees,
Heard the lapping of the waters,
Sounds of music, words of wonder;
'Minne-wawa!" said the Pine-trees,
Mudway-aushka!" said the water.
Saw the fire-fly, Wah-wah-taysee,
Flitting through the dusk of evening,
With the twinkle of its candle
Lighting up the brakes and bushes,
And he sang the song of children,
Sang the song Nokomis taught him:
"Wah-wah-taysee, little fire-fly,
Little, flitting, white-fire insect,
Little, dancing, white-fire creature,
Light me with your little candle,
Ere upon my bed I lay me,
Ere in sleep I close my eyelids!"
Saw the moon rise from the water
Rippling, rounding from the water,
Saw the flecks and shadows on it,
Whispered, "What is that, Nokomis?"
And the good Nokomis answered:
"Once a warrior, very angry,
Seized his grandmother, and threw her
Up into the sky at midnight;
Right against the moon he threw her;
'T is her body that you see there."
Saw the rainbow in the heaven,
In the eastern sky, the rainbow,
Whispered, "What is that, Nokomis?"
And the good Nokomis answered:
"'T is the heaven of flowers you see there;
All the wild-flowers of the forest,
All the lilies of the prairie,
When on earth they fade and perish,
Blossom in that heaven above us."
When he heard the owls at midnight,
Hooting, laughing in the forest,
'What is that?" he cried in terror,
"What is that," he said, "Nokomis?"
And the good Nokomis answered:
"That is but the owl and owlet,
Talking in their native language,
Talking, scolding at each other."
Then the little Hiawatha
Learned of every bird its language,
Learned their names and all their secrets,
How they built their nests in Summer,
Where they hid themselves in Winter,
Talked with them whene'er he met them,
Called them "Hiawatha's Chickens."
Of all beasts he learned the language,
Learned their names and all their secrets,
How the beavers built their lodges,
Where the squirrels hid their acorns,
How the reindeer ran so swiftly,
Why the rabbit was so timid,
Talked with them whene'er he met them,
Called them "Hiawatha's Brothers."
Then Iagoo, the great boaster,
He the marvellous story-teller,
He the traveller and the talker,
He the friend of old Nokomis,
Made a bow for Hiawatha;
From a branch of ash he made it,
From an oak-bough made the arrows,
Tipped with flint, and winged with feathers,
And the cord he made of deer-skin.
Then he said to Hiawatha:
"Go, my son, into the forest,
Where the red deer herd together,
Kill for us a famous roebuck,
Kill for us a deer with antlers!"
Forth into the forest straightway
All alone walked Hiawatha
Proudly, with his bow and arrows;
And the birds sang round him, o'er him,
"Do not shoot us, Hiawatha!"
Sang the robin, the Opechee,
Sang the bluebird, the Owaissa,
"Do not shoot us, Hiawatha!"
Up the oak-tree, close beside him,
Sprang the squirrel, Adjidaumo,
In and out among the branches,
Coughed and chattered from the oak-tree,
Laughed, and said between his laughing,
"Do not shoot me, Hiawatha!"
And the rabbit from his pathway
Leaped aside, and at a distance
Sat erect upon his haunches,
Half in fear and half in frolic,
Saying to the little hunter,
"Do not shoot me, Hiawatha!"
But he heeded not, nor heard them,
For his thoughts were with the red deer;
On their tracks his eyes were fastened,
Leading downward to the river,
To the ford across the river,
And as one in slumber walked he.
Hidden in the alder-bushes,
There he waited till the deer came,
Till he saw two antlers lifted,
Saw two eyes look from the thicket,
Saw two nostrils point to windward,
And a deer came down the pathway,
Flecked with leafy light and shadow.
And his heart within him fluttered,
Trembled like the leaves above him,
Like the birch-leaf palpitated,
As the deer came down the pathway.
Then, upon one knee uprising,
Hiawatha aimed an arrow;
Scarce a twig moved with his motion,
Scarce a leaf was stirred or rustled,
But the wary roebuck started,
Stamped with all his hoofs together,
Listened with one foot uplifted,
Leaped as if to meet the arrow;
Ah! the singing, fatal arrow,
Like a wasp it buzzed and stung him!
Dead he lay there in the forest,
By the ford across the river;
Beat his timid heart no longer,
But the heart of Hiawatha
Throbbed and shouted and exulted,
As he bore the red deer homeward,
And Iagoo and Nokomis
Hailed his coming with applauses.
From the red deer's hide Nokomis
Made a cloak for Hiawatha,
From the red deer's flesh Nokomis
Made a banquet to his honor.
All the village came and feasted,
All the guests praised Hiawatha,
Called him Strong-Heart, Soan-ge-taha!
Called him Loon-Heart, Mahn-go-taysee!I am a lot wiser now than in my childhood
Because in my childhood I always wanted my way
And sometimes in my childhood I used to get my wayI look through my childhood as if I were there,
but yet remain in this grown up body, which in life is not fair,
I have forgotten the good times in my past,
I can't believe that my childhood moved on very fast,
I thought it would last, and last forever,
but I was wrong, it did not last, it never.
but all happens for the best,
so that I could grow up to be a man and experience life
which comes in han 'd'.
I look through my childhood.I remember my childhood
Whenever I am in the mood
I remember my childhood
With the bad and the good
I remember my childhood
With the variety of available junk food
Funny, the old want to be young
While kids endeavour to be old and strong
Girls wanted to grow up fast as women
Boys wanted to grow up fast as men
Before they could walk right or learn
Those were good times
With very little crime
We had fun with little a dime
How is that for a rhyme?
Mum would call us for biscuits and cakes
While we played games and learnt from mistakes
We all went anxiously to school
To see what best pranks any of us could pull
I remember my childhood
I was always polite and not rude
I remember my childhood
If I could then you should
We as kids all had dreams
Which we shared as a team
We all loved to rock but hated homework
I mean what was the point of so much paperwork
And what is really bizarre
Is that I was always after
The bedtime stories from Mama and Papa
I also enjoyed the view of the nightly stars from afar
Same way I loved presents at Christmas and Easter
Mama always used to say
A gift no matter how little will lift anyone's spirit any day
I remember my childhood
And the adventures in the woods
I remember my childhood
With all the includes and excludes
I remember my childhood
And till today there are still things I've never understood
Copyright 2006 - Sylvia Chidi
www.sylviachidi.co.ukthings don't die or remain damaged
but return: stumps grow back hands,
a head reconnects to a neck,
a whole corpse rises blushing and newly elastic.
Later this vision is not True:
the grandmother remains dead
not hibernating in a wolf's belly.
Or the blue parakeet does not return
from the little grave in the fern garden
though one may wake in the morning
thinking mother's call is the bird.
Or maybe the bird is with grandmother
inside light. Or grandmother was the bird
and is now the dog
gnawing on the chair leg.
Where do the gone things go
when the child is old enough
to walk herself to school,
her playmates already
pumping so high the swing hiccups?I find myself praying to Jesus
When once again
I’m lost in an unsympathetic city
Feeling lovelorn and alone
Or utterly disgusted with myself
For some abandonment or abuse
Of a fragile and beautiful friend.
Certain days are drunk in the daylight,
Certain attitudes are vile and disgraceful,
Certain failures in matters of faithfulness
Destroy the soul.
I’m walking by a park where I played
When I had an innocent heart.
Drifting back to a happier time,
I’ve got tears in both my eyes
And I’m praying to the Jesus of my childhoodL'enfant chantait; la mère au lit, exténuée,
Agonisait, beau front dans l'ombre se penchant ;
La mort au-dessus d'elle errait dans la nuée ;
Et j'écoutais ce râle, et j'entendais ce chant.
L'enfant avait cinq ans, et près de la fenêtre
Ses rires et ses jeux faisaient un charmant bruit ;
Et la mère, à côté de ce pauvre doux être
Qui chantait tout le jour, toussait toute la nuit.
La mère alla dormir sous les dalles du cloître ;
Et le petit enfant se remit à chanter...
La douleur est un fruit ; Dieu ne le fait pas croître
Sur la branche trop faible encor pour le porter.
Childhood
The Child was singing, and the Mother lay
Stretched on the bed which pain and anguish throng,
Death's cloud fast closing on her parting day:
I heard her laboring breath, I heard the song.
The Child its gambols by the lattice plied;
Its sport, its laughter, sounded glad and bright;
And the poor Mother by her darling's side,
Who sang all day, coughed through the painful night.
The Mother sleeps the cloister's stones below;
The Child sings, heedless of its orphan state:
Grief is a fruit that God forbids to grow
On boughs too feeble to support its weight.Ice-cold fear has slowly decreased
As my bones have grown, my height increased.
Though I shiver in snow of dreams, I shall never
Freeze again in a noonday terror.
I shall never break, my sinews crumble
As God-the-headmaster's fingers fumble
At the other side of unopening doors
Which I watch for a hundred thousand years.
I shall never feel my thin blood leak
While darkness stretches a paw to strike
Or Nothing beats an approaching drum
Behind my back in a silent room.
I shall never, alone, meet the end of my world
At the bend of a path, the turn of a wall:
Never, or once more only, and
That will be once and an end of end.Childhood Is
when the world to come
is an adventure to be met
Childhood Is
running and hiding
peeking around blind corners
hoping you have been followed
Childhood Is
ducking and diving
dreaming of being in the best
football team in the world
and scoring the winning goal
in the Cup FInal
Childhood Is
being the perfect person
(or not being caught out
when you're not being
the perfect person)
Childhood Is
a mass of contradictions
you don't want to unravel
Childhood Is
a nice cosy bed,
clean sheets
and Mummy's kissesWe were little girls
Living next door to one another
I was an only child
She had three younger brothers
We became close friends
We pedaled together on a bike ride
We liked singing with songs on the radio
We did our homework side by side
Skillfully we climbed an old fruit tree
And sat on branches with legs dangling
We’d snatch apples and eat them green…
Our throats were gripped by tart strangling
We were actresses without a written script
What a story our young minds could weave…
When our imaginations convincingly took over
the roles we played truly made us believe
Many years have passed since we kept company
We both grew older and went our separate ways
Only today... I thought back to that carefree time
I wonder now, if she ever thinks of those days
(6/29/07)my childhood garden
my childhood garden
lush and green
it was so happy it made me scream
my joy and hopes
and all my mopes
my childhood garden
my childhood garden
with the ups and downs
when i jumped i could not touch the ground
with my purle ponys
it made it homey
my childhood garden
my childhood garden
flying high
with the little lies
the grass fine
up in the sky my kite
my childhood garden
my childhood garden
now in the past
i now know that it can never last
now as i get taller
it was differnt when i was smaller
my childhood gardenI
My childhood's home I see again,
And sadden with the view;
And still, as memory crowds my brain,
There's pleasure in it too.
O Memory! thou midway world
'Twixt earth and paradise,
Where things decayed and loved ones lost
In dreamy shadows rise,
And, freed from all that's earthly vile,
Seem hallowed, pure, and bright,
Like scenes in some enchanted isle
All bathed in liquid light.
As dusky mountains please the eye
When twilight chases day;
As bugle-tones that, passing by,
In distance die away;
As leaving some grand waterfall,
We, lingering, list its roar--
So memory will hallow all
We've known, but know no more.
Near twenty years have passed away
Since here I bid farewell
To woods and fields, and scenes of play,
And playmates loved so well.
Where many were, but few remain
Of old familiar things;
But seeing them, to mind again
The lost and absent brings.
The friends I left that parting day,
How changed, as time has sped!
Young childhood grown, strong manhood gray,
And half of all are dead.
I hear the loved survivors tell
How nought from death could save,
Till every sound appears a knell,
And every spot a grave.
I range the fields with pensive tread,
And pace the hollow rooms,
And feel (companion of the dead)
I'm living in the tombs.
II
But here's an object more of dread
Than ought the grave contains--
A human form with reason fled,
While wretched life remains.
Poor Matthew! Once of genius bright,
A fortune-favored child--
Now locked for aye, in mental night,
A haggard mad-man wild.
Poor Matthew! I have ne'er forgot,
When first, with maddened will,
Yourself you maimed, your father fought,
And mother strove to kill;
When terror spread, and neighbors ran,
Your dange'rous strength to bind;
And soon, a howling crazy man
Your limbs were fast confined.
How then you strove and shrieked aloud,
Your bones and sinews bared;
And fiendish on the gazing crowd,
With burning eye-balls glared--
And begged, and swore, and wept and prayed
With maniac laught[ter?] joined--
How fearful were those signs displayed
By pangs that killed thy mind!
And when at length, tho' drear and long,
Time smoothed thy fiercer woes,
How plaintively thy mournful song
Upon the still night rose.
I've heard it oft, as if I dreamed,
Far distant, sweet, and lone--
The funeral dirge, it ever seemed
Of reason dead and gone.
To drink it's strains, I've stole away,
All stealthily and still,
Ere yet the rising God of day
Had streaked the Eastern hill.
Air held his breath; trees, with the spell,
Seemed sorrowing angels round,
Whose swelling tears in dew-drops fell
Upon the listening ground.
But this is past; and nought remains,
That raised thee o'er the brute.
Thy piercing shrieks, and soothing strains,
Are like, forever mute.
Now fare thee well--more thou the cause,
Than subject now of woe.
All mental pangs, by time's kind laws,
Hast lost the power to know.
O death! Thou awe-inspiring prince,
That keepst the world in fear;
Why dost thos tear more blest ones hence,
And leave him ling'ring here?Childhood memories are often steeped in mystery.
The older we get the memories exclude
sometimes things we might find painful as we journeyed on.
I tried to visualise my childhood as a happy one,
though I know in my heart it was a very much lonely one.
Not only was I shy, but I never mixed very well.
I spent so much of my time nearly always on my own.
The only exciting time I can remember
was one summer I spent with friends of my father
whom I referred to as Aunt Elsie and Uncle Jim.
For the two months I spent with them
in a small town called Allison
hold some of the best memories of my childhood.
It was away from my parents
and into someone’s house that cared.
I went fishing every day
in the stream at the end of the garden,
made many friends
and had one of the most enjoyable times
of my childhood
that will always live within me.
5-6 June 2008My childhood was fun,
tough and exciting.
My childhood was one
where there wasn't much fighting.
This was my childhood.
My childhood was filled
with family and friends.
My childhood was filled
with love that tied up loose ends.
This was my childhood.
My childhood came
with a grandmother that cared.
When she left me
I remembered all the times we shared.
This was my childhood.
My childhood was filled
with classwork and homework.
My childhood was filled
with parents who hated work.
This was my childhood.
My childhood was filled
with fun in the hood,
and food that tasted like Campbell's,
'Umm Umm Good! '
This was my childhood.
My childhood was filled
with tricycles and bicycles.
My childhood was filled
with popsicles and Dill pickles.
This was my childhood.
My childhood was filled
with lots of happy holidays.
Holidays that aren't
just the same nowadays.
This was my childhood.
Now my childhood
has become nothing but memories,
But all the good times
will live on within me.
This was my childhood.My mother tells me about it,
And I also remember a bit,
The time when I was too innocent,
The time which was superb and excellent.
I used to play with my toys,
And my life filled with happiness and joy,
Life was then exciting and alluring,
But now, it is becoming boring,
I cant't forget those days of mine,
In darkness of my life, like the jewels, they all shine,
By chance, due to good deeds of mine,
If God will ask me for my wish at any time,
I will wish to become smart and good,
But my first preference will be my Childhood.my childhood was the time when i was innocent
when the world seemed to be fair
when my universe was around my toys
my childhood was the time when 9i lived in dreams
when everyone was selfless
when everyone appeared to be a friend
my childhood was the time when my life was full of colours
when sorrows never knocked my door
when smile was gift presented to everyone
my childhood was the time when love was pure
when there were no obligations
when tenderness prevailed
my childhood was the time which is long gone
tears flow from my eyes when i go back in my childhood
my childhood will never come back but
the child in me will never goHomework, said my teacher,
Is to write a poem,
About your fondest
Childhood memory
Immediately, I began to shake
And within minutes
A cold sweat had
Come over me
I had dreaded,
Absolutely dreaded,
This day,
This moment in time.
I thought perhaps
I might find an excuse
Such as dogs dying
Or broken water pipes
I wondered
If I dropped the course
Would I get
A rebate?
And then
It dawned on me
The perfect line...
I'm afraid
I've had amnesia
All these years.soil soil and soil, , playing in the soil,
No fear of disease, no fear of toil.
What a wonderful days that was,
i always remember my childhood, my innocent childhood..
Only friend no foes,
no thinking of what dont and what does.
No fear of future, no thinking of present,
i always remember my childhood, my innocent childhood..
What was the past, leave it, it surpassed,
what has to happen, lets face when it comes.
Future planning! What is this?
i always remember my childhood, my innocent childhood..
Play was religion and play was God,
only thing which gave fear, was my fathers rod.
Crying crying crying a lot, then said love you pappa,
i always remember my childhood, my innocent childhood..The Child is father of the Man;
And I could wish my days to be
Bound each to each by natural piety.
I
There was a time when meadow, grove, and stream,
The earth, and every common sight,
To me did seem
Apparelled in celestial light,
The glory and the freshness of a dream.
It is not now as it hath been of yore; -
Turn wheresoe'er I may,
By night or day,
The things which I have seen I now can see no more.
II
The Rainbow comes and goes,
And lovely is the Rose,
The Moon doth with delight
Look round her when the heavens are bare;
Waters on a starry night
Are beautiful and fair;
The sunshine is a glorious birth;
But yet I know, where'er I go,
That there hath past away a glory from the earth.
III
Now, while the birds thus sing a joyous song,
And while the young lambs bound
As to the tabor's sound,
To me alone there came a thought of grief:
A timely utterance gave that thought relief,
And I again am strong:
The cataracts blow their trumpets from the steep;
No more shall grief of mine the season wrong;
I hear the Echoes through the mountains throng,
The Winds come to me from the fields of sleep,
And all the earth is gay;
Land and sea
Give themselves up to jollity,
And with the heart of May
Doth every Beast keep holiday; -
Thou Child of Joy,
Shout round me, let me hear thy shouts, thou happy Shepherd-boy!
IV
Ye blesse`d Creatures, I have heard the call
Ye to each other make; I see
The heavens laugh with you in your jubilee;
My heart is at your festival,
My head hath its coronal,
The fulness of your bliss, I feel- I feel it all.
Oh evil day! if I were sullen
While the Earth herself is adorning,
This sweet May-morning,
And the Children are culling
On every side,
In a thousand valleys far and wide,
Fresh flowers; while the sun shines warm,
And the Babe leaps up on his Mother's arm:-
I hear, I hear, with joy I hear!
- But there's a Tree, of many, one,
A single Field which I have looked upon,
Both of them speak of something that is gone:
The Pansy at my feet
Doth the same tale repeat:
Whither is fled the visionary gleam?
Where is it now, the glory and the dream?
V
Our birth is but a sleep and a forgetting:
The Soul that rises with us, our life's Star,
Hath had elsewhere its setting,
And cometh from afar:
Not in entire forgetfulness,
And not in utter nakedness,
But trailing clouds of glory do we come
From God, who is our home:
Heaven lies about us in our infancy!
Shades of the prison-house begin to close
Upon the growing Boy,
But He beholds the light, and whence it flows,
He sees it in his joy;
The Youth, who daily farther from the east
Must travel, still is Nature's Priest,
And by the vision splendid
Is on his way attended;
At length the Man perceives it die away,
And fade into the light of common day.
VI
Earth fills her lap with pleasures of her own;
Yearnings she hath in her own natural kind,
And, even with something of a Mother's mind,
And no unworthy aim,
The homely Nurse doth all she can
To make her Foster-child, her Inmate Man,
Forget the glories he hath known,
And that imperial palace whence he came.
VII
Behold the Child among his new-born blisses,
A six years' Darling of a pigmy size!
See, where 'mid work of his own hand he lies,
Fretted by sallies of his mother's kisses,
With light upon him from his father's eyes!
See, at his feet, some little plan or chart,
Some fragment from his dream of human life,
Shaped by himself with newly-learned art;
A wedding or a festival,
A mourning or a funeral;
And this hath now his heart,
And unto this he frames his song:
Then will he fit his tongue
To dialogues of business, love, or strife;
But it will not be long
Ere this be thrown aside,
And with new joy and pride
The little Actor cons another part;
Filling from time to time his 'humorous stage'
With all the Persons, down to palsied Age,
That Life brings with her in her equipage;
As if his whole vocation
Were endless imitation.
VIII
Thou, whose exterior semblance doth belie
Thy Soul's immensity;
Thou best Philosopher, who yet dost keep
Thy heritage, thou Eye among the blind,
That, deaf and silent, read'st the eternal deep,
Haunted for ever by the eternal mind,-
Might Prophet! Seer blest!
On whom those truths do rest,
Which we are toiling all our lives to find,
In darkness lost, the darkness of the grave;
Thou, over whom thy Immortality
Broods like the Day, a Master o'er a Slave,
A Presence which is not to be put by;
[To whom the grave
Is but a lonely bed without the sense or sight
Of day or the warm light,
A place of thought where we in waiting lie; ]
Thou little Child, yet glorious in the might
Of heaven-born freedom on thy being's height,
Why with such earnest pains dost thou provoke
The years to bring the inevitable yoke,
Thus blindly with thy blessedness at strife?
Full soon thy Soul shall have her earthly freight,
And custom lie upon thee with a weight,
Heavy as frost, and deep almost as life!
IX
O joy! that in our embers
Is something that doth live,
That nature yet remembers
What was so fugitive!
The thought of our past years in me doth breed
Perpetual benediction: not indeed
For that which is most worthy to be blest;
Delight and liberty, the simple creed
Of Childhood, whether busy or at rest,
With new-fledged hope still fluttering in his breast:-
Not for these I raise
The song of thanks and praise;
But for those obstinate questionings
Of sense and outward things,
Fallings from us, vanishings;
Blank misgivings of a Creature
Moving about in worlds not realised,
High instincts before which our mortal Nature
Did tremble like a guilty Thing surprised:
But for those first affections,
Those shadowy recollections,
Which, be they what they may,
Are yet the fountain-light of all our day,
Are yet a master-light of all our seeing;
Uphold us, cherish, and have power to make
Our noisy years seem moments in the being
Of the eternal Silence: truths that wake,
To perish never;
Which neither listlessness, nor mad endeavor,
Nor Man nor Boy,
Nor all that is at enmity with joy,
Can utterly abolish or destroy!
Hence in a season of calm weather
Though inland far we be,
Our Souls have sight of that immortal sea
Which brought us hither,
Can in a moment travel thither,
And see the Children sport upon the shore,
And hear the mighty waters rolling evermore.
X
Then sing, ye Birds, sing, sing a joyous song!
And yet the young Lambs bound
As to the tabor's sound!
We in thought will join your throng,
Ye that pipe and ye that play,
Ye that through your hearts to-day
Feel the gladness of the May!
What though the radiance which was once so bright
Be now for ever taken from my sight,
Though nothing can bring back the hour
Of splendour in the grass, of glory in the flower;
We will grieve not, rather find
Strength in what remains behind;
In the primal sympathy
Which having been must ever be;
In the soothing thoughts that spring
Out of human suffering;
In the faith that looks through death,
In years that bring the philosophic mind.
XI
And O, ye Fountains, Meadows, Hills, and Groves,
Forebode not any severing of our loves!
Yet in my heart of hearts I feel your might;
I only have relinquished one delight
To live beneath your more habitual sway.
I love the Brooks which down their channels fret,
Even more than when I tripped lightly as they;
The innocent brightness of a new-born Day
Is lovely yet;
The Clouds that gather round the setting sun
Do take a sober colouring from an eye
That hath kept watch o'er man's mortality;
Another race hath been, and other palms are won.
Thanks to the human heart by which we live,
Thanks to its tenderness, its joys, and fears,
To me the meanest flower that blows can give
Thoughts that do often lie too deep for tears.
[comp. 1802-1804(?): publ. 1807]We shall not ever meet them bearded in heaven
Nor sunning themselves among the bald of hell;
If anywhere, in the deserted schoolyard at twilight,
forming a ring, perhaps, or joining hands
In games whose very names we have forgotten.
Come memory, let us seek them there in the shadows.Elbowing our way, we run.
Someone is being beaten up in the market.
You wouldn’t want to miss it!
We pick up speed, racing to the uproar,
scooping up water in our felt boots
and forgetting to wipe our sniffles.
And stood stock-still. In our little hearts something tightened,
when we saw how the ring of sheepskin coats,
fur coats, hooded coats, was contracting,
how he stood up near the green vegetable stall
with his head pulled into his shoulders from the hail
of jabs, kicks, spitting, slaps in the face.
Suddenly someone from the right by the handcart
pushed his teeth in,
Suddenly someone from the left bashed his forehead with a
chunk of ice.
Blood appeared-and then they started in, in earnest.
All piled up in a heap they began to scream together,
pounding with sticks, reins,
and linchpins out of wheels.
In vain he wheezed to them: 'Mates,
you’re my mates-what’s the matter? '
The mob wanted to settle accounts fully.
The mob was deaf with rage.
The mob grumbled at those who weren’t putting their boots in,
and they trampled something that looked like a body
into the spring snow that was turning into mud.
They beat him up with relish. With ingenuity. Juicy.
I saw how skillfully and precisely
one man kept putting the boots in,
boots with greasy flaps on them,
right under the belt of the man who was down,
smothered in mud and dungy water.
Their owner, a guy with an honest enough mug,
very proud of his high principles,
was saying with each kick: 'Don’t try your tricks with us! '
booting him deliberately, with the utmost conviction,
and, sweat pouring, with a red face, he jovially called to me:
'Come on, youngster, get in it! '
I can’t remember-how many there were, making a din,
beating him up.
It may have been a hundred, it may have been more,
but I, just a boy, wept for shame.
And if a hundred are beating somebody up,
howling in a frenzy-even if for a good cause-
I will never make one hundred and one!
1963
Translated by Tina Tupikina-Glaessner, Geoffrey Dutton, and Igor Mezhakoff-Koriakin (revised)If I get a chance to bargain
Will ask the Almighty again;
‘O God! If thy really could
Give me back my childhood.
I want back my those days,
Innocent acts and plays,
Tricky games and cycle race,
Showing friends masked face,
Digging pits in soil of land,
Drawing sketches in the sand,
Running after the butterflies,
Watching planes in the sky,
Playing  with  the  puppy,
In parties becoming happy,
Hopping  in  the  streets
Going   to  buy   sweets,
Doing things not known to me,
At times crawling on knees,
After school watching cartoons,
Little sleeps in the afternoons,
Doing independent activities,
Free from all responsibilities,
Free from all kind of tensions,
Asking confound questions.’
Childhood is morning of life
From here life begins thrive;
No hardness, no tough heat,
Childhood is innocent n neat.
‘Return my childhood,
O God! if thy could.’
(c)  S. D. TiwariSome deem I'm gentle, some I'm kind:
It may be so,--I cannot say.
I know I have a simple mind
And see things in a simple way;
And like a child I love to play.
I love to toy with pretty words
And syllable them into rhyme;
To make them sing like sunny birds
In happy droves with silver chime,
In dulcet groves in summer time.
I pray, with hair more white than grey,
And second childhood coming on,
That yet with wonderment I may
See life as in its lucent dawn,
And be by beauty so beguiled
I'll sing as sings a child.I was not born with a fortune wholesome;
Born nor was I, as the only son-child;
Who cares if you are learned and handsome?
This world cares for only wealth that is piled!
Eighth son I’ as born of a teacher father;
Honest, he was but never worldly-wise!
So lucky was I, having a good mother;
The best education, they gave as prize.
I loved to work hard and do my duty;
Rest was assured; God only was my Friend;
I could not become rich- what a beauty!
This was the way, my life I yearned to end.
God gave me a great reward- that’s His Lute!
I was to play it like a Bard so cute.Can I forget my mother’s cooking skills,
Her punishments and kind advice at times?
Can I forget the games at school and drills,
My kindergarten teacher who taught rhymes?
Can I forget my siblings and my friends,
My father’s knowledge great that goaded me?
Can I forget my sins and my amends,
And how I asked God’s forgiveness dearly?
Can I forget the mosquitoes and ants,
That bit each one of us in yester-life?
Can I forget my hunger-pangs, half-pants,
My walks to school in rain and sun and strife?
My childhood years were filled with sadness, joys,
Innocent mistakes, tears and not much toys!
Dedicated to all today, on Mother Mary’s birthday
Copyright by Dr John Celes 9-8-2005Isn't it enough for me to be a blossom of humanity
to breath the beauty that is meant for a being
standing all alone in the rain of sorrow
walking all alone in the breeze of sighs
waiting all alone in the hope of escape
seeing silently the stealing of unseen childhood,
ain't enough time to let the words from wounded heart to depart
so my weary fate decided to wear the unheard words to impart
in an appearance of unasked yet unanswered questions:
Why I am painted with pain?
Why I am tagged with tradition?
Why I am extinct while existing?
For what reason? I have to keep the imposed treaty?
And for what reason? I have to veil my soul from equality?
and for how long the unknown heartache will be hidden from unknown reality?
wait a minute my stolen childhood, to whom am I speaking?
to this world where life is sold on conditionsDown the dimpled green-sward dancing
Bursts a flaxen-headed bevy,
Bud-lipt boys and girls advancing
Love's irregular little levy.
Rows of liquid eyes in laughter,
How they glimmer, how they quiver!
Sparkling one another after,
Like bright ripples on a river.
Tipsy band of rubious faces,
Flushed with joy's etheral spirit,
Make your mocks and sly grimaces
At Love's self, and do not fear it!--Was it for this
That one, the fairest of all Rivers, lov'd
To blend his murmurs with my Nurse's song,
And from his alder shades and rocky falls,
And from his fords and shallows, sent a voice
That flow'd along my dreams? For this, didst Thou,
O Derwent! travelling over the green Plains
Near my 'sweet Birthplace', didst thou, beauteous Stream
Make ceaseless music through the night and day
Which with its steady cadence, tempering
Our human waywardness, compos'd my thoughts
To more than infant softness, giving me,
Among the fretful dwellings of mankind,
A knowledge, a dim earnest, of the calm
That Nature breathes among the hills and groves.
When, having left his Mountains, to the Towers
Of Cockermouth that beauteous River came,
Behind my Father's House he pass'd, close by,
Along the margin of our Terrace Walk.
He was a Playmate whom we dearly lov'd.
Oh! many a time have I, a five years' Child,
A naked Boy, in one delightful Rill,
A little Mill-race sever'd from his stream,
Made one long bathing of a summer's day,
Bask'd in the sun, and plunged, and bask'd again
Alternate all a summer's day, or cours'd
Over the sandy fields, leaping through groves
Of yellow grunsel, or when crag and hill,
The woods, and distant Skiddaw's lofty height,
Were bronz'd with a deep radiance, stood alone
Beneath the sky, as if I had been born
On Indian Plains, and from my Mother's hut
Had run abroad in wantonness, to sport,
A naked Savage, in the thunder shower.
Fair seed-time had my soul, and I grew up
Foster'd alike by beauty and by fear;
Much favour'd in my birthplace, and no less
In that beloved Vale to which, erelong,
I was transplanted. Well I call to mind
('Twas at an early age, ere I had seen
Nine summers) when upon the mountain slope
The frost and breath of frosty wind had snapp'd
The last autumnal crocus, 'twas my joy
To wander half the night among the Cliffs
And the smooth Hollows, where the woodcocks ran
Along the open turf. In thought and wish
That time, my shoulder all with springes hung,
I was a fell destroyer. On the heights
Scudding away from snare to snare, I plied
My anxious visitation, hurrying on,
Still hurrying, hurrying onward; moon and stars
Were shining o'er my head; I was alone,
And seem'd to be a trouble to the peace
That was among them. Sometimes it befel
In these night-wanderings, that a strong desire
O'erpower'd my better reason, and the bird
Which was the captive of another's toils
Became my prey; and, when the deed was done
I heard among the solitary hills
Low breathings coming after me, and sounds
Of undistinguishable motion, steps
Almost as silent as the turf they trod.
Nor less in springtime when on southern banks
The shining sun had from his knot of leaves
Decoy'd the primrose flower, and when the Vales
And woods were warm, was I a plunderer then
In the high places, on the lonesome peaks
Where'er, among the mountains and the winds,
The Mother Bird had built her lodge. Though mean
My object, and inglorious, yet the end
Was not ignoble. Oh! when I have hung
Above the raven's nest, by knots of grass
And half-inch fissures in the slippery rock
But ill sustain'd, and almost, as it seem'd,
Suspended by the blast which blew amain,
Shouldering the naked crag; Oh! at that time,
While on the perilous ridge I hung alone,
With what strange utterance did the loud dry wind
Blow through my ears! the sky seem'd not a sky
Of earth, and with what motion mov'd the clouds!
The mind of Man is fram'd even like the breath
And harmony of music. There is a dark
Invisible workmanship that reconciles
Discordant elements, and makes them move
In one society. Ah me! that all
The terrors, all the early miseries
Regrets, vexations, lassitudes, that all
The thoughts and feelings which have been infus'd
Into my mind, should ever have made up
The calm existence that is mine when I
Am worthy of myself! Praise to the end!
Thanks likewise for the means! But I believe
That Nature, oftentimes, when she would frame
A favor'd Being, from his earliest dawn
Of infancy doth open out the clouds,
As at the touch of lightning, seeking him
With gentlest visitation; not the less,
Though haply aiming at the self-same end,
Does it delight her sometimes to employ
Severer interventions, ministry
More palpable, and so she dealt with me.
One evening (surely I was led by her)
I went alone into a Shepherd's Boat,
A Skiff that to a Willow tree was tied
Within a rocky Cave, its usual home.
'Twas by the shores of Patterdale, a Vale
Wherein I was a Stranger, thither come
A School-boy Traveller, at the Holidays.
Forth rambled from the Village Inn alone
No sooner had I sight of this small Skiff,
Discover'd thus by unexpected chance,
Than I unloos'd her tether and embark'd.
The moon was up, the Lake was shining clear
Among the hoary mountains; from the Shore
I push'd, and struck the oars and struck again
In cadence, and my little Boat mov'd on
Even like a Man who walks with stately step
Though bent on speed. It was an act of stealth
And troubled pleasure; not without the voice
Of mountain-echoes did my Boat move on,
Leaving behind her still on either side
Small circles glittering idly in the moon,
Until they melted all into one track
Of sparkling light. A rocky Steep uprose
Above the Cavern of the Willow tree
And now, as suited one who proudly row'd
With his best skill, I fix'd a steady view
Upon the top of that same craggy ridge,
The bound of the horizon, for behind
Was nothing but the stars and the grey sky.
She was an elfin Pinnace; lustily
I dipp'd my oars into the silent Lake,
And, as I rose upon the stroke, my Boat
Went heaving through the water, like a Swan;
When from behind that craggy Steep, till then
The bound of the horizon, a huge Cliff,
As if with voluntary power instinct,
Uprear'd its head. I struck, and struck again
And, growing still in stature, the huge Cliff
Rose up between me and the stars, and still,
With measur'd motion, like a living thing,
Strode after me. With trembling hands I turn'd,
And through the silent water stole my way
Back to the Cavern of the Willow tree.
There, in her mooring-place, I left my Bark,
And, through the meadows homeward went, with grave
And serious thoughts; and after I had seen
That spectacle, for many days, my brain
Work'd with a dim and undetermin'd sense
Of unknown modes of being; in my thoughts
There was a darkness, call it solitude,
Or blank desertion, no familiar shapes
Of hourly objects, images of trees,
Of sea or sky, no colours of green fields;
But huge and mighty Forms that do not live
Like living men mov'd slowly through the mind
By day and were the trouble of my dreams.
Wisdom and Spirit of the universe!
Thou Soul that art the eternity of thought!
That giv'st to forms and images a breath
And everlasting motion! not in vain,
By day or star-light thus from my first dawn
Of Childhood didst Thou intertwine for me
The passions that build up our human Soul,
Not with the mean and vulgar works of Man,
But with high objects, with enduring things,
With life and nature, purifying thus
The elements of feeling and of thought,
And sanctifying, by such discipline,
Both pain and fear, until we recognize
A grandeur in the beatings of the heart.
Nor was this fellowship vouchsaf'd to me
With stinted kindness. In November days,
When vapours, rolling down the valleys, made
A lonely scene more lonesome; among woods
At noon, and 'mid the calm of summer nights,
When, by the margin of the trembling Lake,
Beneath the gloomy hills I homeward went
In solitude, such intercourse was mine;
'Twas mine among the fields both day and night,
And by the waters all the summer long.
And in the frosty season, when the sun
Was set, and visible for many a mile
The cottage windows through the twilight blaz'd,
I heeded not the summons:--happy time
It was, indeed, for all of us; to me
It was a time of rapture: clear and loud
The village clock toll'd six; I wheel'd about,
Proud and exulting, like an untired horse,
That cares not for its home.--All shod with steel,
We hiss'd along the polish'd ice, in games
Confederate, imitative of the chace
And woodland pleasures, the resounding horn,
The Pack loud bellowing, and the hunted hare.
So through the darkness and the cold we flew,
And not a voice was idle; with the din,
Meanwhile, the precipices rang aloud,
The leafless trees, and every icy crag
Tinkled like iron, while the distant hills
Into the tumult sent an alien sound
Of melancholy, not unnoticed, while the stars,
Eastward, were sparkling clear, and in the west
The orange sky of evening died away.
Not seldom from the uproar I retired
Into a silent bay, or sportively
Glanced sideway, leaving the tumultuous throng,
To cut across the image of a star
That gleam'd upon the ice: and oftentimes
When we had given our bodies to the wind,
And all the shadowy banks, on either side,
Came sweeping through the darkness, spinning still
The rapid line of motion; then at once
Have I, reclining back upon my heels,
Stopp'd short, yet still the solitary Cliffs
Wheeled by me, even as if the earth had roll'd
With visible motion her diurnal round;
Behind me did they stretch in solemn train
Feebler and feebler, and I stood and watch'd
Till all was tranquil as a dreamless sleep.
Ye Presences of Nature, in the sky
And on the earth! Ye Visions of the hills!
And Souls of lonely places! can I think
A vulgar hope was yours when Ye employ'd
Such ministry, when Ye through many a year
Haunting me thus among my boyish sports,
On caves and trees, upon the woods and hills,
Impress'd upon all forms the characters
Of danger or desire, and thus did make
The surface of the universal earth
With triumph, and delight, and hope, and fear,
Work like a sea?       Not uselessly employ'd,
I might pursue this theme through every change
Of exercise and play, to which the year
Did summon us in its delightful round.
We were a noisy crew, the sun in heaven
Beheld not vales more beautiful than ours,
Nor saw a race in happiness and joy
More worthy of the ground where they were sown.
I would record with no reluctant voice
The woods of autumn and their hazel bowers
With milk-white clusters hung; the rod and line,
True symbol of the foolishness of hope,
Which with its strong enchantment led us on
By rocks and pools, shut out from every star
All the green summer, to forlorn cascades
Among the windings of the mountain brooks.
--Unfading recollections! at this hour
The heart is almost mine with which I felt
From some hill-top, on sunny afternoons
The Kite high up among the fleecy clouds
Pull at its rein, like an impatient Courser,
Or, from the meadows sent on gusty days,
Beheld her breast the wind, then suddenly
Dash'd headlong; and rejected by the storm.
Ye lowly Cottages in which we dwelt,
A ministration of your own was yours,
A sanctity, a safeguard, and a love!
Can I forget you, being as ye were
So beautiful among the pleasant fields
In which ye stood? Or can I here forget
The plain and seemly countenance with which
Ye dealt out your plain comforts? Yet had ye
Delights and exultations of your own.
Eager and never weary we pursued
Our home amusements by the warm peat-fire
At evening; when with pencil and with slate,
In square divisions parcell'd out, and all
With crosses and with cyphers scribbled o'er,
We schemed and puzzled, head opposed to head
In strife too humble to be named in Verse.
Or round the naked table, snow-white deal,
Cherry or maple, sate in close array,
And to the combat, Lu or Whist, led on
thick-ribbed Army; not as in the world
Neglected and ungratefully thrown by
Even for the very service they had wrought,
But husbanded through many a long campaign.
Uncouth assemblage was it, where no few
Had changed their functions, some, plebeian cards,
Which Fate beyond the promise of their birth
Had glorified, and call'd to represent
The persons of departed Potentates.
Oh! with what echoes on the Board they fell!
Ironic Diamonds, Clubs, Hearts, Diamonds, Spades,
A congregation piteously akin.
Cheap matter did they give to boyish wit,
Those sooty knaves, precipitated down
With scoffs and taunts, like Vulcan out of Heaven,
The paramount Ace, a moon in her eclipse,
Queens, gleaming through their splendour's last decay,
And Monarchs, surly at the wrongs sustain'd
By royal visages. Meanwhile, abroad
The heavy rain was falling, or the frost
Raged bitterly, with keen and silent tooth,
And, interrupting oft the impassion'd game,
From Esthwaite's neighbouring Lake the splitting ice,
While it sank down towards the water, sent,
Among the meadows and the hills, its long
And dismal yellings, like the noise of wolves
When they are howling round the Bothnic Main.
Nor, sedulous as I have been to trace
How Nature by extrinsic passion first
Peopled my mind with beauteous forms or grand,
And made me love them, may I well forget
How other pleasures have been mine, and joys
Of subtler origin; how I have felt,
Not seldom, even in that tempestuous time,
Those hallow'd and pure motions of the sense
Which seem, in their simplicity, to own
An intellectual charm, that calm delight
Which, if I err not, surely must belong
To those first-born affinities that fit
Our new existence to existing things,
And, in our dawn of being, constitute
The bond of union betwixt life and joy.
Yes, I remember, when the changeful earth,
And twice five seasons on my mind had stamp'd
The faces of the moving year, even then,
A Child, I held unconscious intercourse
With the eternal Beauty, drinking in
A pure organic pleasure from the lines
Of curling mist, or from the level plain
Of waters colour'd by the steady clouds.
The Sands of Westmoreland, the Creeks and Bays
Of Cumbria's rocky limits, they can tell
How when the Sea threw off his evening shade
And to the Shepherd's huts beneath the crags
Did send sweet notice of the rising moon,
How I have stood, to fancies such as these,
Engrafted in the tenderness of thought,
A stranger, linking with the spectacle
No conscious memory of a kindred sight,
And bringing with me no peculiar sense
Of quietness or peace, yet I have stood,
Even while mine eye has mov'd o'er three long leagues
Of shining water, gathering, as it seem'd,
Through every hair-breadth of that field of light,
New pleasure, like a bee among the flowers.
Thus, often in those fits of vulgar joy
Which, through all seasons, on a child's pursuits
Are prompt attendants, 'mid that giddy bliss
Which, like a tempest, works along the blood
And is forgotten; even then I felt
Gleams like the flashing of a shield; the earth
And common face of Nature spake to me
Rememberable things; sometimes, 'tis true,
By chance collisions and quaint accidents
Like those ill-sorted unions, work suppos'd
Of evil-minded fairies, yet not vain
Nor profitless, if haply they impress'd
Collateral objects and appearances,
Albeit lifeless then, and doom'd to sleep
Until maturer seasons call'd them forth
To impregnate and to elevate the mind.
--And if the vulgar joy by its own weight
Wearied itself out of the memory,
The scenes which were a witness of that joy
Remained, in their substantial lineaments
Depicted on the brain, and to the eye
Were visible, a daily sight; and thus
By the impressive discipline of fear,
By pleasure and repeated happiness,
So frequently repeated, and by force
Of obscure feelings representative
Of joys that were forgotten, these same scenes,
So beauteous and majestic in themselves,
Though yet the day was distant, did at length
Become habitually dear, and all
Their hues and forms were by invisible links
Allied to the affections.       I began
My story early, feeling as I fear,
The weakness of a human love, for days
Disown'd by memory, ere the birth of spring
Planting my snowdrops among winter snows.
Nor will it seem to thee, my Friend! so prompt
In sympathy, that I have lengthen'd out,
With fond and feeble tongue, a tedious tale.
Meanwhile, my hope has been that I might fetch
Invigorating thoughts from former years,
Might fix the wavering balance of my wind,
And haply meet reproaches, too, whose power
May spur me on, in manhood now mature,
To honorable toil. Yet should these hopes
Be vain, and thus should neither I be taught
To understand myself, nor thou to know
With better knowledge how the heart was fram'd
Of him thou lovest, need I dread from thee
Harsh judgments, if I am so loth to quit
Those recollected hours that have the charm
Of visionary things, and lovely forms
And sweet sensations that throw back our life
And almost make our Infancy itself
A visible scene, on which the sun is shining?
One end hereby at least hath been attain'd,
My mind hath been revived, and if this mood
Desert me not, I will forthwith bring down,
Through later years, the story of my life.
The road lies plain before me; 'tis a theme
Single and of determined bounds; and hence
I chuse it rather at this time, than work
Of ampler or more varied argument.When he asked about my childhood
I knew not where to start.
The scents began to flood my head
while strangling my heart.
My mind has instant recall
on those certain horrid scents.
Like overflowing ashtrays
in a car with blowing vents.
The smell of all night parties
mixed with the scent of a strangers love.
The sour stench of sweat and tears
it's hard to rise above.
The pungent smell of beer breath
in a young girls sleeping face.
The memories of childhood
are not so easily erased.
Some things are burnt in memory
no matter how we fight.
He quietly put a scented candle
on the table in plain sightwhen u once lived here
life was so much different
life was fun and kewl
life was always an adventure for me & u
Taylor & I are always gonna be
childhood besties
we're frens till the end
I got your back, you got mine
till the end of our life time
your my ride or die gurl
my smile or cry gurl
your always my gurl
Taylor M. Boyd
I maybbe here, your lyke way over there
I will always call you
my childhood bestie
you & I have so much in common
wow....think of us as a mystery
we we're always together
never apart
until the day my bestie tay moved away
she left me all alone & sad
she didnt even come see me and say goodbye
she left me at a bad time
she left when I needed her so bad
I was sad, lonely, and depressed
for the longest time I will admit
taylor your lyke my lil sister
I will no matter what always envy you
you where there when I needed you
I was always there for you
and you broke my heart
when you left me behind
but no worries TAY...
I will always think of you
as my best
childhood BESTIE =)Today I found a can of paint.
The paintbrush was there, too.
Mommy must have left it
when her painting was all through.
It was such a pretty color,
I learned you call it 'red'.
It made me think of pretty things
that same color in my head.
I painted rainbows from the sky,
and hearts, and bows for hair.
When Mommy saw it, she got mad
and sat me in a chair.
She told me I was naughty
and to think of what I’d done.
While I thought, she scrubbed and scrubbed
and cleaned off all my fun.
I’ll never understand my mom,
why she laughed when we were through...
I only said I wished
the pretty color had been blue.It comes in many flavors.
It comes in lots of smells.
It can keep a secret
and never, ever tell.
You'll know it when you hear it.
If you look, you'll see it, too.
It's everywhere around outside,
even there, inside of you.
It can turn a sad day happy.
It can turn a mad day glad.
It will even be there
when you've been really bad.
It's something in both day and night,
every second, every minute.
It's right there in your family
and everyone who's in it.
Did you guess my riddle?
Just a few things left to say -
If you want a lot of it,
then give it ALL away!
It's left and right.  It's all around.
It's under and above.
I think you've guessed the answer!
It's   L - O - V - E    love.Our neighbor, Mr. Brown,
came over yesterday.
He was yelling at my daddy
about the pothole in our lane.
'Surely the city should fix it!
Surely they know it's there.
It's the widest, deepest pothole!
Surely the city must care! '
I know Mr. Brown was angry,
and he's really a very nice man,
but why'd he call Daddy Shirley?
Some things I don't understand...When I think of the many people
who privately despise children,
I can't say I'm completely shocked,
having been one. I was not
exceptional, uncomfortable as that is
to admit, and most children are not
exceptional. The particulars of
cruelty, sizes Large and X-Large,
memory gnawing it like
a fat dog, are ordinary: Mean Miss
Smigelsky from the sixth grade;
the orthodontist who
slapped you for crying out. Children
frighten us, other people's and
our own. They reflect
the virused figures in which failure
began. We feel accosted by their
vulnerable natures. Each child turns
into a problematic ocean, a mirrored
body growing denser and more
difficult to navigate until
sunlight merely bounces
off the surface. They become impossible
to sound. Like us, but even weaker.I gotta play by myself today
cause Mommy is cleaning and mopping.
Then she’ll be calling a sitter
for when she goes grocery shopping.
The sitter, she’s really boring.
She’s always on the dumb phone,
or painting her nails or combing her hair
so I guess I’ll be playing alone …
I think I will get out my play dough
and make a spaghetti pie.
Or maybe, I'll feed all my dollies
so they won't be fussy and cry.
At two, I’ll watch my TV shows.
Till then, I'll build with my blocks.
When I'm done, I'll pick them all up
(if I can get 'em all back in the box) .
Maybe after, my secret friend and I
will draw a picture or two
with all my favorite crayons,
specially the reds greens and blues.
I really like my toys and games
and my other good stuff … but gee,
I think ALL playing is funner
when Mommy is here beside me.I walk among the rows of bowed heads--
the children are sleeping through fourth grade
so as to be ready for what is ahead,
the monumental boredom of junior high
and the rush forward tearing their wings
loose and turning their eyes forever inward.
These are the children of Flint, their fathers
work at the spark plug factory or truck
bottled water in 5 gallon sea-blue jugs
to the widows of the suburbs. You can see
already how their backs have thickened,
how their small hands, soiled by pig iron,
leap and stutter even in dreams. I would like
to sit down among them and read slowly
from The Book of Job until the windows
pale and the teacher rises out of a milky sea
of industrial scum, her gowns streaming
with light, her foolish words transformed
into song, I would like to arm each one
with a quiver of arrows so that they might
rush like wind there where no battle rages
shouting among the trumpets, Hal Ha!
How dear the gift of laughter in the face
of the 8 hour day, the cold winter mornings
without coffee and oranges, the long lines
of mothers in old coats waiting silently
where the gates have closed. Ten years ago
I went among these same children, just born,
in the bright ward of the Sacred Heart and leaned
down to hear their breaths delivered that day,
burning with joy. There was such wonder
in their sleep, such purpose in their eyes
dosed against autumn, in their damp heads
blurred with the hair of ponds, and not one
turned against me or the light, not one
said, I am sick, I am tired, I will go home,
not one complained or drifted alone,
unloved, on the hardest day of their lives.
Eleven years from now they will become
the men and women of Flint or Paradise,
the majors of a minor town, and I
will be gone into smoke or memory,
so I bow to them here and whisper
all I know, all I will never know.I WALK through the long schoolroom questioning;
A kind old nun in a white hood replies;
The children learn to cipher and to sing,
To study reading-books and histories,
To cut and sew, be neat in everything
In the best modern way -- the children's eyes
In momentary wonder stare upon
A sixty-year-old smiling public man.
I dream of a Ledaean body, bent
Above a sinking fire.  a tale that she
Told of a harsh reproof, or trivial event
That changed some childish day to tragedy --
Told, and it seemed that our two natures blent
Into a sphere from youthful sympathy,
Or else, to alter Plato's parable,
Into the yolk and white of the one shell.
III
And thinking of that fit of grief or rage
I look upon one child or t'other there
And wonder if she stood so at that age --
For even daughters of the swan can share
Something of every paddler's heritage --
And had that colour upon cheek or hair,
And thereupon my heart is driven wild:
She stands before me as a living child.
Her present image floats into the mind --
Did Quattrocento finger fashion it
Hollow of cheek as though it drank the wind
And took a mess of shadows for its meat?
And I though never of Ledaean kind
Had pretty plumage once -- enough of that,
Better to smile on all that smile, and show
There is a comfortable kind of old scarecrow.
What youthful mother, a shape upon her lap
Honey of generation had betrayed,
And that must sleep, shriek, struggle to escape
As recollection or the drug decide,
Would think her Son, did she but see that shape
With sixty or more winters on its head,
A compensation for the pang of his birth,
Or the uncertainty of his setting forth?
Plato thought nature but a spume that plays
Upon a ghostly paradigm of things;
Solider Aristotle played the taws
Upon the bottom of a king of kings;
World-famous golden-thighed Pythagoras
Fingered upon a fiddle-stick or strings
What a star sang and careless Muses heard:
Old clothes upon old sticks to scare a bird.
VII
Both nuns and mothers worship images,
But thos the candles light are not as those
That animate a mother's reveries,
But keep a marble or a bronze repose.
And yet they too break hearts -- O presences
That passion, piety or affection knows,
And that all heavenly glory symbolise --
O self-born mockers of man's enterprise;
VIII
Labour is blossoming or dancing where
The body is not bruised to pleasure soul.
Nor beauty born out of its own despair,
Nor blear-eyed wisdom out of midnight oil.
O chestnut-tree, great-rooted blossomer,
Are you the leaf, the blossom or the bole?
O body swayed to music, O brightening glance,
How can we know the dancer from the dance?There's an angel in my pocket
who is watching over me,
just a little voice down deep inside
that I can hear, not see.
I wish that I could let her out
so that everyone could see
'cause we have the greatest secrets,
many things she shares with me.
She whispers little things to do
to make my parents glad
and tells me when there's something
that I want to do that's bad.
Oh I wish that I could see her
not just hear her talk to me...
it's just a little voice down deep inside
that I can hear, not see.Angels all around me.
Angels high above.
Pretty angels everywhere
guarding me with love.
Angels at my bedside
help me start my prayers
while other angels hurry
mom and daddy up the stairs.
When it’s time to say night-night
the angels’ jobs aren’t through.
When I close my eyes to sleep,
they watch me all night, too.
Angels all around me.
Angels high above.
Pretty angels everywhere
guarding me with love.133
As Children bid the Guest "Good Night"
And then reluctant turn—
My flowers raise their pretty lips—
Then put their nightgowns on.
As children caper when they wake
Merry that it is Morn—
My flowers from a hundred cribs
Will peep, and prance again.My baby brother falls a lot.
I see how sad he feels.
Why don't baby brothers
come with training wheels?So, this is Christmas morning...
everyone is here.
I don't really understand it
cause it isn't very clear,
but Mom and Dad are happy,
there's pretty ribbons everywhere,
lots of things that they call presents
and even paper I can tear.
They keep showing me this new stuff,
balls and books and even soxes...
they don't seem to know how fun it is
just playing with these boxes.Hush now, barking spiders,
please don’t make a sound.
I’m at my birthday party.
I don’t need you guys around.
All my friends are here.
It’s important that you know
you didn’t get invited
so I wish that you’d just go.
I’m wearing all my birthday stuff,
shirt, pants and my new sandals.
If you won’t go, then please hush up
when I blow out my candles.The barking spiders all march in
just past dinner time.
Some big, some small, they come to call
floating on the wind behind.
Each is clearly noticed,
although they can't be seen.
You're positive they're there, though,
'cause your nose is very keen.
You know you can't outrun them
and a net won't get them caught.
Your friends laugh 'cause they're funny,
but your mom yells 'cause they're not.
So open all the windows!
Crack the vents, real fast!
'Cause these aren't normal spiders -
BARKING spiders are just gas.Those pesky barking spiders
followed me to church Sunday.
I tried to make them stay at home,
but they came anyway.
Then I did something naughty
'cause they were being bad.
When people turned and looked at me,
- I pointed at my dad.Bats can hit a baseball.
Girls can bat their eyes.
But the bats I want to talk about
fly with radar in the skies.
Bats are cute and furry.
I think bats are cool
and if I could only catch one
I’d bring it into school.
I’m sure you think they’re creepy.
They might even make you scream.
But where would we be without a bat
on scary Halloween?
I know it’s hard to like them.
It isn’t automatic.
Mom and dad don’t mind them though
IF... they don’t live in our attic.All things within this fading world hath end,
Adversity doth still our joys attend;
No ties so strong, no friends so dear and sweet,
But with death's parting blow are sure to meet.
The sentence past is most irrevocable,
A common thing, yet oh, inevitable.
How soon, my Dear, death may my steps attend,
How soon't may be thy lot to lose thy friend,
We both are ignorant, yet love bids me
These farewell lines to recommend to thee,
That when the knot's untied that made us one,
I may seem thine, who in effect am none.
And if I see not half my days that's due,
What nature would, God grant to yours and you;
The many faults that well you know I have
Let be interred in my oblivious grave;
If any worth or virtue were in me,
Let that live freshly in thy memory
And when thou feel'st no grief, as I no harmes,
Yet love thy dead, who long lay in thine arms,
And when thy loss shall be repaid with gains
Look to my little babes, my dear remains.
And if thou love thyself, or loved'st me,
These O protect from stepdame's injury.
And if chance to thine eyes shall bring this verse,
With some sad sighs honor my absent hearse;
And kiss this paper for thy dear love's sake,
Who with salt tears this last farewell did take.Wake up, Mom and Daddy.
We’ve got a BIG surprise.
Me and Sissy made you breakfast.
Please, open up your eyes.
Here’s the paper from the porch,
Just in case you want to read.
Please wake up and put your glasses on
so you guys can see.
There’s cereal with milk on it
and toast with butter, too.
(Sissy scraped the black stuff off) .
We made this ALL for you.
We didn’t make the coffee,
but, Mommy, that’s okay
‘cause me and Sissy found some
in the pot from yesterday.
The eggs look kind of funny,
not like the ones you make.
Ours are way too slickery.
They keep sliding off the plate.
We’re sorry there’s no muffin,
but there weren’t any more.
Well... the one that was left over
got smushed on the kitchen floor.
There used to be a donut, too,
and it was on the plate.
Me and Sissy got real hungry,
but it’s the only thing we ate.
When it comes to making breakfast,
there's a lot of work to do,
but we made it just to show you
Mom and Daddy, we love you.Children imitating cormorants
are even more wonderful
than cormorants.
Translated by Robert HassOur fathers wrung their bread from stocks and stones
And fenced their gardens with the Redmen's bones;
Embarking from the Nether Land of Holland,
Pilgrims unhouseled by Geneva's night,
They planted here the Serpent's seeds of light;
And here the pivoting searchlights probe to shock
The riotous glass houses built on rock,
And candles gutter by an empty altar,
And light is where the landless blood of Cain
Is burning, burning the unburied grain.I talked to Grammy yesterday
about a girl I know.
Her skin’s a different color
but I like her, even though
the other children tease her
and it makes her run away
because she looks so different
and they never let her play.
I think she looks just beautiful!
Her skin is chocolate brown.
She’s the nicest girl I’ve ever met
and it’s sad to see her frown.
Grammy held me on her lap
and told me she was proud.
She said that’s what’s important
and then my gram allowed
that children are life's rainbow,
black and yellow, red and white,
but the colors aren't what matter,
it's what's down deep inside.
I asked her if that’s what it means
when we say we’re colorblind.
She smiled and said it should mean that
in all hearts and in all minds.Children love, they laugh, they care.
Children, bless them, they know how to share.
Children try hard to be what you want,
Sometimes they can't and they start
To cry, that's when a hug or a
Kiss is the tool, no not a spanking
That's not the rule.
Children do good and children do bad,
Children are happy and children are sad.
Children must walk before they
Can run, all of us wake to the
Bright morning sun.
So cherish the children these
Treasures from God, for without
Them the Earth would be nothing
But water and sod.Come to me, O ye children!
For I hear you at your play,
And the questions that perplexed me
Have vanished quite away.
Ye open the eastern windows,
That look towards the sun,
Where thoughts are singing swallows
And the brooks of morning run.
In your hearts are the birds and the sunshine,
In your thoughts the brooklet's flow,
But in mine is the wind of Autumn
And the first fall of the snow.
Ah! what would the world be to us
If the children were no more?
We should dread the desert behind us
Worse than the dark before.
What the leaves are to the forest,
With light and air for food,
Ere their sweet and tender juices
Have been hardened into wood, --
That to the world are children;
Through them it feels the glow
Of a brighter and sunnier climate
Than reaches the trunks below.
Come to me, O ye children!
And whisper in my ear
What the birds and the winds are singing
In your sunny atmosphere.
For what are all our contrivings,
And the wisdom of our books,
When compared with your caresses,
And the gladness of your looks?
Ye are better than all the ballads
That ever were sung or said;
For ye are living poems,
And all the rest are dead.With beasts and gods, above, the wall is bright.
The child's head, bent to the book-colored shelves,
Is slow and sidelong and food-gathering,
Moving in blind grace ... yet from the mural, Care
The grey-eyed one, fishing the morning mist,
Seizes the baby hero by the hair
And whispers, in the tongue of gods and children,
Words of a doom as ecumenical as dawn
But blanched like dawn, with dew.
The children's cries
Are to men the cries of crickets, dense with warmth
-- But dip a finger into Fafnir, taste it,
And all their words are plain as chance and pain.
Their tales are full of sorcerers and ogres
Because their lives are: the capricious infinite
That, like parents, no one has yet escaped
Except by luck or magic; and since strength
And wit are useless, be kind or stupid, wait
Some power's gratitude, the tide of things.
Read meanwhile ... hunt among the shelves, as dogs do, grasses,
And find one cure for Everychild's diseases
Beginning: Once upon a time there was
A wolf that fed, a mouse that warned, a bear that rode
A boy. Us men, alas! wolves, mice, bears bore.
And yet wolves, mice, bears, children, gods and men
In slow preambulation up and down the shelves
Of the universe are seeking ... who knows except themselves?
What some escape to, some escape: if we find Swann's
Way better than our own, an trudge on at the back
Of the north wind to -- to -- somewhere east
Of the sun, west of the moon, it is because we live
By trading another's sorrow for our own; another's
Impossibilities, still unbelieved in, for our own ...
"I am myself still?" For a little while, forget:
The world's selves cure that short disease, myself,
And we see bending to us, dewy-eyed, the great
CHANGE, dear to all things not to themselves endeared.Christmas is really
for the children.
Especially for children
who like animals, stables,
stars and babies wrapped
in swaddling clothes.
Then there are wise men,
kings in fine robes,
humble shepherds and a
hint of rich perfume.
Easter is not really
for the children
unless accompanied by
a cream filled egg.
It has whips, blood, nails,
a spear and allegations
of body snatching.
It involves politics, God
and the sins of the world.
It is not good for people
of a nervous disposition.
They would do better to
think on rabbits, chickens
and the first snowdrop
of spring.
Or they'd do better to
wait for a re-run of
Christmas without asking
too many questions about
what Jesus did when he grew up
or whether there's any connection.I cry when I am hurting
and sometimes when I'm sad.
I cry when I get punished
'cause I've done something bad.
I cry when I am angry
(that means when I'm mad) ,
but grownups sure are funny...
Mommy cries when she is glad.Daddy left his boots for me
and here I have to stay
‘cause Daddy is a soldier,
I’m in charge while he’s away.
In Daddy’s boots I can pretend
that now I am the man
who does the things that Daddy does
as only Daddy can.
I help with little brother,
I help with folding clothes,
I help to set the table,
and I hope Daddy knows
that every day I wear his boots
so I’ll feel close to him
and I try to keep Mom happy
till he comes home again.
I know that he’s protecting us.
That’s what soldiers do,
but his boots are way too big for me
and my job, being him, is too.
Mom, when is Daddy coming home?
I miss him all the time.
She said Daddy would be proud of me
and his boots... fit me just fine.
(For my grandson, Will Jr., with love.  His daddy is in Iraq)On warm dark nights I think I see
beneath the weeping willow tree,
the fairies dancing in the grass
on tiny feet that fly so fast.
The music is the wind that blows
while fairies spin on bare tiptoes,
and fireflies jewel up the night
reflecting fairies in their light.
Round and round the fairies dance!
On bitsy feet they skip and prance
through tiny dew drops to and fro,
til morning comes, and then they go.
I wonder where the fairies live
and do they know what fun they give
to little girls and boys that see
beneath the weeping willow tree?Dear God,
I dreamed I came to Heaven
to have a talk with You.
I climbed right up some puffy clouds
til Heaven was in view.
It looked just like a castle!
It was high with many floors
and it seemed a million windows
overlooked the one huge door.
The door was gold and silver
and bright lights shined within.
Two boxes hung suspended there,
“Take a Prayer” and “Leave a Sin”.
Everywhere around me,
I saw people with white wings
and when I pushed the doorbell,
I heard angel voices sing.
Then the big door opened.
The kindest man stood there.
He said he’d be my tour guide
and to follow him upstairs.
Right inside the great big door,
I saw a handmade sign.
The lettering was very old
on wood of weathered pine.
The message was so simple.
It said only, “Welcome Home”
but that was enough to tell me,
here you'd never feel alone.
Each floor throughout the castle
was filled with happiness.
From the bottom to the top one,
I saw nothing but kindness.
Angels standing near the windows
stopped to hug and welcome me.
Others passing in the hallways
smiled and whispered quietly.
Each room on every floor there
had a sign above its door,
carved in ancient lettering
which said, “Always Room For More”.
When my tour was finished
and it was time to go,
I still had some questions left
that weren’t answered though.
Do just good kids go to Heaven?
Sometimes, I do naughty things.
Am I still a good girl, too?
Will I have angel’s wings?
My tour guide hugged me gently.
He said he thought I would
‘cause Heaven has so many rooms
and every child is good.
When I left the castle
and turned to wave goodbye,
an angel told me You had been
my Heavenly Tour Guide.Dear Mommy up in heaven,
you’re always in my mind.
I wish that you could tell me
why you left so much behind.
You left your bunny slippers,
fuzzy pink with big long ears,
and when Daddy holds your picture
he’s sad and cries real tears.
Your clothes are in the bedroom,
you left your perfume, too,
and when I need you close to me
I go there - it smells like you.
You must hum a lot in heaven.
Daddy says he thinks you might.
Sometimes I think I hear you
when I shut my eyes real tight.
I miss your hugs and kisses,
you took most of them with you,
but I’m glad you made me save some
in my jammy pockets, too.
Me and Daddy miss and love you
and we don’t mean to make a fuss.
I guess you loved us both so much
that you left your stuff for us.Did you ever wonder about dreaming?
How the pictures get in your head?
Why they’re only there when you’re sleeping?
Why they’re only there in your bed?
You can fly anywhere that you want to.
You can soar above houses and cars.
You can even go higher than that, if you want,
way, way up to the moon and the stars.
You can be someone great, someone special
who has magical powers to use
to save your brother from monsters -
or NOT save, if that’s what you choose.
Dreaming is different from movies.
You don’t get dressed up and go out.
And a dream can be different every night -
you make up what the dream is about.
It’s too bad dreaming's for bedtime,
but I guess that’s just how it must be.
If we walked around dreaming in daylight,
why would we ever need sleep?Blame us for these who were cradled and rocked in our chaos;
Watching our sidelong watching, fearing our fear;
Playing their blind-man's-bluff in our gutted mansions,
Their follow-my-leader on a stair that ended in air.
Submitted by Stephen FryerLittle Indian, Sioux, or Crow,
Little frosty Eskimo,
Little Turk or Japanee,
Oh! don't you wish that you were me?
You have seen the scarlet trees
And the lions over seas;
You have eaten ostrich eggs,
And turned the turtle off their legs.
Such a life is very fine,
But it's not so nice as mine:
You must often as you trod,
Have wearied NOT to be abroad.
You have curious things to eat,
I am fed on proper meat;
You must dwell upon the foam,
But I am safe and live at home.
Little Indian, Sioux or Crow,
Little frosty Eskimo,
Little Turk or Japanee,
Oh! don't you wish that you were me?Little shadows, little shadows
Dancing on the chamber wall,
While I sit beside the hearthstone
Where the red flames rise and fall.
Caps and nightgowns, caps and nightgowns,
My three antic shadows wear;
And no sound they make in playing,
For the six small feet are bare.
Dancing gayly, dancing gayly,
To and fro all together,
Like a family of daisies
Blown about in windy weather;
Nimble fairies, nimble fairies,
Playing pranks in the warm glow,
While I sing the nursery ditties
Childish phantoms love and know.
Now what happens, now what happens?
One small shadow's tumbled down:
I can see it on the carpet
Softly rubbing its hurt crown.
No one whimpers, no one whimpers;
A brave-hearted sprite is this:
See! the others offer comfort
In a silent, shadowy kiss.
Hush! they're creeping; hush! they're creeping,
Up about my rocking-chair:
I can feel their loving fingers
Clasp my neck and touch my hair.
Little shadows, little shadows,
Take me captive, hold me tight,
As they climb and cling and whisper,
"Mother dear, good night! good night!"Give Love to the children Children need love everyday
Give love to the children Guide them on their way
Love's like a burning flame consumes all that stands in the way
Love is the only power on earth to take all the hatred away
GIVE LOVE TO THE CHILDREN set the children free
To make their own decisions then they will clearly see
Love is the sun the moon and the stars love is a golden ring
Love is the one thing the whole world desires be it beggar or king
GIVE LOVE TO THE CHILDREN youth has not long to stay
Love is a long term investment the best you will find any day
Love like the rising sun takes all the darkness away
Our children will tell their children and their childrens children will say
Give love to the children they are our crock of gold
and if perchance they ever stray they will come back to the fold
Give love to the children the children of today
Give love to the children and love will come to stay.Being glad is simple
and sometimes glad is great.
Sometimes glad is liking
almost everything on my plate.
I feel that way with birthdays.
Birthdays make me glad.
I like writing “I love you”
in cards for Mom and Dad.
But sometimes glad is hard to find,
like when angry came last week.
Glad was no where, pushed away,
and sad ran down my cheek.
Angry didn’t stay too long,
that’s good cause it felt bad...
when it was gone, then it made room
to put back my friend, glad!God has pity on kindergarten children,
He pities school children -- less.
But adults he pities not at all.
He abandons them,
And sometimes they have to crawl on all fours
In the scorching sand
To reach the dressing station,
Streaming with blood.
But perhaps
He will have pity on those who love truly
And take care of them
And shade them
Like a tree over the sleeper on the public bench.
Perhaps even we will spend on them
Our last pennies of kindness
Inherited from mother,
So that their own happiness will protect us
Now and on other days.Children, you are very little,
And your bones are very brittle;
If you would grow great and stately,
You must try to walk sedately.
You must still be bright and quiet,
And content with simple diet;
And remain, through all bewild'ring,
Innocent and honest children.
Happy hearts and happy faces,
Happy play in grassy places--
That was how in ancient ages,
Children grew to kings and sages.
But the unkind and the unruly,
And the sort who eat unduly,
They must never hope for glory--
Theirs is quite a different story!
Cruel children, crying babies,
All grow up as geese and gabies,
Hated, as their age increases,
By their nephews and their nieces.There's a dear little home in Good-Children street -
My heart turneth fondly to-day
Where tinkle of tongues and patter of feet
Make sweetest of music at play;
Where the sunshine of love illumines each face
And warms every heart in that old-fashioned place.
For dear little children go romping about
With dollies and tin tops and drums,
And, my! how they frolic and scamper and shout
Till bedtime too speedily comes!
Oh, days they are golden and days they are fleet
With little folk living in Good-Children street.
See, here comes an army with guns painted red,
And swords, caps, and plumes of all sorts;
The captain rides gaily and proudly ahead
On a stick-horse that prances and snorts!
Oh, legions of soldiers you're certain to meet -
Nice make-believe soldiers - in Good-Children street.
And yonder Odette wheels her dolly about -
Poor dolly! I'm sure she is ill,
For one of her blue china eyes has dropped out
And her voice is asthmatic'ly shrill.
Then, too, I observe she is minus her feet,
Which causes much sorrow in Good-Children street.
'T is so the dear children go romping about
With dollies and banners and drums,
And I venture to say they are sadly put out
When an end to their jubilee comes:
Oh, days they are golden and days they are fleet
With little folk living in Good-Children street!
But when falleth night over river and town,
Those little folk vanish from sight,
And an angel all white from the sky cometh down
And guardeth the babes through the night,
And singeth her lullabies tender and sweet
To the dear little people in Good-Children Street.
Though elsewhere the world be o'erburdened with care,
Though poverty fall to my lot,
Though toil and vexation be always my share,
What care I - they trouble me not!
This thought maketh life ever joyous and Sweet:
There's a dear little home in Good-Children street.Gramma's gone but not forgotten,
that's her apron hanging there.
It still hangs in Grampa's kitchen
sometimes he looks at it and stares.
When Gramma wore her apron
it was magical to see.
The pockets held such treasures
for the grandkids just like me.
Saw it shine up Grampa's fender once,
just as pretty as you please,
and it wiped my brother's cheek off
one time when he sneezed.
It took cookies from the oven
and it rushed to wipe a tear.
Got a grain of sand out of your eye,
and made a lap for the stories we'd hear.
It wiped spills up from the countertop
when she was baking pies,
a symbol of her love and care
and it showed, too, in her eyes.
Sometimes I'm sad to look at it
when I see my Grampa stare.
Gramma's gone but not forgotten.
That's her apron hanging there.Daddy planted grass seeds
and up popped new green grass.
When mommy planted flower seeds,
pretty flowers came up fast.
I don’t understand it.
I planted my seeds too.
My spot has lots of sunshine.
I watered, but nothing grew.
I guess it’s something grownups know,
maybe kids just can’t plant seeds,
‘cause the bird seed that I planted
didn’t grow any birds for me.A long time ago, a little girl
believed that she could fly.
She saw the movie, 'Peter Pan'
and decided she would try.
She thought her happy thoughts,
let out a rooster's crow,
and as she shouted, 'I believe! '
she crashed to the floor below.
She woke up in a hospital.
Mom and dad were by the bed.
It took six stitches to sew up
where she had conked her head.
The little girl learned a lesson.
Be careful in what you believe -
some things will always be pretend.
The little girl?  Yeah, it was me.I love teeny tiny ants
and itchy bitsy fleas,
spiders, big and little,
and grouchy grumble bees,
butterflies that flutter by
and beetles when they run
from marching caterpillars.
I think bugs are fun.
Skeeters like to bite me,
but lightning bugs, they don’t,
and flies that get inside the house
could bite, but they won’t.
Silly racing centipedes
and slow and slimy slugs
are my very special favorites.
I
love
bugs.I’m just going to sit here.
I won’t say a word.
I’ll be like the children
who are seen and not heard.
If I talk I’ll say something
I know I’ll regret,
‘cause I’m so mad at Sissy,
I may never forget.
She broke all my crayons,
then she threw them away,
and she blamed me for spilling
her milk yesterday.
I keep thinking about
what I learned when just small:
either say something nice,
or say nothing at all.
If I say what I want to say,
I might be heard,
so I’m just going to sit here
and not say a word.I had eight birds hatched in one nest,
Four cocks there were, and hens the rest.
I nursed them up with pain and care,
Nor cost, nor labour did I spare,
Till at the last they felt their wing,
Mounted the trees, and learned to sing;
Chief of the brood then took his flight
To regions far and left me quite.
My mournful chirps I after send,
Till he return, or I do end:
Leave not thy nest, thy dam and sire,
Fly back and sing amidst this choir.
My second bird did take her flight,
And with her mate flew out of sight;
Southward they both their course did bend,
And seasons twain they there did spend,
Till after blown by southern gales,
They norward steered with filled sails.
A prettier bird was no where seen,
Along the beach among the treen.
I have a third of colour white,
On whom I placed no small delight;
Coupled with mate loving and true,
Hath also bid her dam adieu;
And where Aurora first appears,
She now hath perched to spend her years.
One to the academy flew
To chat among that learned crew;
Ambition moves still in his breast
That he might chant above the rest
Striving for more than to do well,
That nightingales he might excel.
My fifth, whose down is yet scarce gone,
Is 'mongst the shrubs and bushes flown,
And as his wings increase in strength,
On higher boughs he'll perch at length.
My other three still with me nest,
Until they're grown, then as the rest,
Or here or there they'll take their flight,
As is ordained, so shall they light.
If birds could weep, then would my tears
Let others know what are my fears
Lest this my brood some harm should catch,
And be surprised for want of watch,
Whilst pecking corn and void of care,
They fall un'wares in fowler's snare,
Or whilst on trees they sit and sing,
Some untoward boy at them do fling,
Or whilst allured with bell and glass,
The net be spread, and caught, alas.
Or lest by lime-twigs they be foiled,
Or by some greedy hawks be spoiled.
O would my young, ye saw my breast,
And knew what thoughts there sadly rest,
Great was my pain when I you fed,
Long did I keep you soft and warm,
And with my wings kept off all harm,
My cares are more and fears than ever,
My throbs such now as 'fore were never.
Alas, my birds, you wisdom want,
Of perils you are ignorant;
Oft times in grass, on trees, in flight,
Sore accidents on you may light.
O to your safety have an eye,
So happy may you live and die.
Meanwhile my days in tunes I'll spend,
Till my weak lays with me shall end.
In shady woods I'll sit and sing,
And things that past to mind I'll bring.
Once young and pleasant, as are you,
But former toys (no joys) adieu.
My age I will not once lament,
But sing, my time so near is spent.
And from the top bough take my flight
Into a country beyond sight,
Where old ones instantly grow young,
And there with seraphims set song;
No seasons cold, nor storms they see;
But spring lasts to eternity.
When each of you shall in your nest
Among your young ones take your rest,
In chirping language, oft them tell,
You had a dam that loved you well,
That did what could be done for young,
And nursed you up till you were strong,
And 'fore she once would let you fly,
She showed you joy and misery;
Taught what was good, and what was ill,
What would save life, and what would kill.
Thus gone, amongst you I may live,
And dead, yet speak, and counsel give:
Farewell, my birds, farewell adieu,
I happy am, if well with you.Get your ice cold glass of lemonade!
Hurry, before it's gone.
We made it just this morning.
See the table that it's on?
We promise that you'll like it
and there's sugar in it, too -
not like it was the other day
when mom and dad said Ewww.
Get your ice cold glass of lemonade!
Boy grownups sure are funny -
they smile a lot at little kids
who are trying to make money.
Thank you, maam, and thank you, sir,
you've helped us out a bunch.
Sissy, let's go make some more.
It's almost time for lunch.
Get your ice cold glass of lemonade!
Only fifteen cents a glass!
We've got to make more money
and we've got to make it fast.
Daddy said it wouldn't work,
that people wouldn't stop.
They'd hurry right on past us
and then they'd laugh a lot.
One last glass of lemonade!
This was so much fun!
Let's get this table put away
and then we've got to run.
Sissy look!  It's snowing!
But that will be all right...
now we have money for presents
and Santa Claus comes tonight.Mommy, Daddy, how I miss you
and I know you're missing me.
There are windows here in heaven
and every day I look and see
my toys all in the toybox
and my dolls up on the shelf
but I can't pull them in my wagon now
nor hold them to myself.
My little rocker's empty
and your arms feel empty too.
I can see the sadness in your face.
Mommy, Daddy, I love you.
My music box is quiet
but I don't need to hear it play.
Mommy, Daddy, it's not needed now -
angels here sing every day.
Please don't worry that I'm lonely,
there are children everywhere.
We are all His little angels
and there's so much love up here.
Mommy, Daddy, please don't cry for me,
heaven's such a lovely place.
God says you did your very best
and your love shows in my face.
Mommy, Daddy, when you need me
just look up and say a prayer.
I will see you through the windows
and I'll hear your voice up here.listen children
keep this in the place
you have for keeping
always
keep it all ways
we have never hated black
listen
we have been ashamed
hopeless tired mad
but always
all ways
we loved us
we have always loved each other
children all ways
pass it onLittle ants marching in single file
crossing my smooth window pane.
How do they know who to follow?
Do they each have their own name?
Where are they going in such a rush?
Have they nothing else better to do?
I watch them, my nose to the window,
and it looks like they’re watching me, too.
In my world, everyone’s different
and most people go their own way.
In their world, they follow a leader
and the little guys all look the same.
I like making choices in my life
not following someone all the time.
I wouldn’t like living in their world.
Are they wondering if they would like mine?I love jelly beans,
all but the black ones, they’re yucky.
Red ones trade best.
Orange is good.
Green tastes even better!
(all but the black ones, they’re yucky) .
White is like vanilla.
Sissy likes the white.
Purples bite, but I still like,
all but the black ones, they’re yucky.
I like pink, but it’s for girls.
Yellow is my favorite.
I love jelly beans,
all but the black ones, they’re yucky.Little sisters are adorable.
We've tried to tell ours, though...
you can have a lot of 'clothes',
but one dress is not a 'clo'.Mama, am I pretty?
'Why do you ask', she said.
She held me gently to her,
and kissed me lightly on my head.
'Your clothes are neatly ironed.
Your face and hands are clean.
You’re such a sweet child, little one,
what does your question mean? '
Mama, am I pretty?
I really need to know.
Am I pretty like the other girls
at school where we all go?
'You have a very loving heart,
You’re gentle, kind and good.
Your friends all think the world of you,
anybody would.'
But, Mama, am I pretty?
Sometimes kids point or stare.
I’ve got these real thick glasses
that I wish I didn’t wear.
Mama said my time would come,
be patient and I’d see.
The things that really matter
were there, inside of me.
But, Mama!  Am I pretty?
(I didn’t mean to shout) .
Then Mama smiled and told me,
'Sweetheart, yes, inside and out.'An old broken doll
remembers her first Christmas
many children ago.
Now, only the rain
plays with her hair.
(Christmas Poem for Tilly)My daddy calls me Will-dog.
PaPa calls me chief.
I’m always baby brother
to my sister - oh, good grief!
My Nana calls me punkin’.
Mama calls me little man.
I’m boo-boo bear to Grammy,
geez, I wonder WHO I am.
The mailman says, “Hey, sport! ”
Auntie calls me precious lamb
and when I act real silly,
MiMi says I’m quite a ham.
I guess it’s like my sneakers.
Some call them tennis shoes.
Both names mean the same thing.
It doesn’t matter which I use.
Or maybe like a puppy dog,
some people call them hounds.
It doesn’t really matter,
‘cause they both make barking sounds.
Maybe it’s not so awful
they don’t all call me the same.
I feel kinda-sorta special
that I have so many names!There once was a monkey named Mike
who headed out west on his bike.
He soon was stopped cold
with no token for toll
and the tollkeeper said, “Take a hike.”
But the monkey named Mike didn’t hike
and took a new route with his bike.
When one tire went flat,
a mechanic saw that
and told Mike his bike found a spike.
The mechanic then fixed the bike
and said to the monkey named Mike,
“Hey, Mike, you should FLY
and never again try
to ride your bike, Mike.  See the spike? ”Monkey see,
monkey do,
I used to want
to be one, too.
He doesn't have a bedtime.
Bet he doesn't eat green beans!
Monkeys get to play around
the whole day long, it seems.
He doesn't have to brush his teeth
or have to comb his hair.
If he had toys I'll bet his dad
wouldn't make him have to share.
Bet he doesn't 'scuse me'
after each and every sneeze.
And you won't hear him 'thank you'
after every single 'please'.
But Mommy said that monkeys
don't ever watch TV...
that's when I decided
I'd rather just stay me.There's a monster in my house!
It came in a great big box.
Mommy says it isn't so,
but something ate my socks.
I used to have a full sock drawer,
with red ones and some blue.
I even had some white ones,
'cause I wear white socks, too.
There's a monster in my house!
It came in a great big box
and I must make it angry
or it wouldn't eat my socks.
It lives around here, somewhere.
(whisper)    Shhhh!  I hope it's not around!
'Cause if you ever wake it up,
it makes such awful sounds.
Most times, it says, 'Yum-Yum! Yum-Yum! '
Sometimes, it just goes 'swish'.
But, I know it eats my socks up
without a spoon or dish.
Mom says they're underneath the bed
or spread around the floor.
(well the monster musta' burped 'em there
when she opened up the door) .
There's a monster in my house!
It came in a great big box!
Mom says it's just the washer...
but it's a monster that eats my socks!Today I'm cookin' the dinner.
I stir in all the stuff that I should
'cause I know just how to make it
so EVERYthing I cook tastes good.
I'm smushin' meatloaf without any onions
and veggies without any beans.
See how I squished the smashed 'tatoes?
Right by the macaronis and cheese.
Next I will make ice cream salad.
(Cookin' dinner is really fun work) .
Here's shovels and buckets of jello
and marshmallow pies for dessert.
Uh oh... it's startin' to rain.
Now mom will bring me inside...
The rain sure is wreckin' my cookin'
but rain will make MORE mud outside!My friend, Sherla, was hard to see
for Mom and Dad, not me.
My imaginary friend was all I had.
I’m an only child, you see.
Most times Sherla was really good.
We did puzzles, read, and played.
We made our beds and cleaned our room
ALMOST every single day.
But sometimes Sherla spilled my milk,
sometimes she wrote on walls,
sometimes she told me not to come
when Mom and Daddy called.
I had to have a talk with her
about being a naughty kid,
cause I’m the one who got time out
for all the things she did.
It’s different now, I go to school
and I have friends everywhere.
Sherla doesn’t come here now
and I thought I she didn’t care.
Mom told me Sherla’s ‘special’
cause only I could see,
but now she lives with someone else
who needs her more than me.I have a shadow hooked to me.
Sometimes he's big.
Sometimes he's small.
Sometimes he isn't there at all.
He doesn't seem to like the rain.
(Maybe thunder scares him, too) .
He's gone from me on days like that
'cause there isn't much to do.
But if it's really sunny out,
he doesn't like to hide.
He's hooked right there beside me
and we play all day outside.The toothfairy took my tooth lath night
and left thome money, too.
But now I can't thay wordth too well
and I don't know what I'll do.
What if my friendth all laugh at me
becauth I thpeak like thith?
What if they won't come over
and thereth no one to play with?
Hey gueth what?  My friend juth called.
He lotht hith tooth today!
You know what elth?  He thoundth like me
and he wanth to come and play!Night-night moon
Night-night stars
Night-night noisy
trucks and cars.
Night-night sand box
Night-night toys
Night-night other
girls and boys.
Night-night mom
Night-night dad
Night-night Boogie Man
who's not bad.
It's time to go to sleep now,
most all my night nights said.
Night-night blankie
Night-night bed.I made a paper Valentine
all red and edged with lace.
And on my paper Valentine,
I drew a pretty face.
I painted on two big blue eyes
and then a great big grin
and knew it wouldn't be complete
without a dimpled chin.
I love you, paper valentine,
and just between us two,
I hope someday when I grow up
I'll look as sweet as you.I don't have a little brother.
I don't have a sister, too.
It's just me and Mom and Daddy
but there's lots of things to do.
Sometimes we go on picnics
and play ball until it's dark.
Sometimes we play on slides and swings
when we go to the park.
We can go and see a movie,
other days go to the beach
where I can get sand dollars
and Daddy helps when I can't reach.
I wish I had a brother.
I'd like a sister, too,
but it's me and Mom and Daddy
and there's lots of things to do.Mom’s car has three foot pedals.
I think I’m gonna ask her -
Since daddy’s car has only two,
does her car pedal faster?Mommy's on the couch.
Daddy's in his chair.
I'm sitting in a corner on a stool...
they put me here
'cause I did something naughty
that I'm not supposed to do.
I invented Permagosh
mixing things with their shampoo.
First, a real long worm of toothpaste,
then then a cloud of shaving cream,
then two glugs of mouthwash
('cause I like the color, green) .
I stirred it in a mixing bowl.
Boy, it smelled real good!
It was even looking better
than I ever thought it would.
... could it be a cure for cancer?
... take the itch from skeeter bites?
... or maybe heal a sunburn
when it hurts to sleep at night?
Two shakes of baby powder
made it way too hard to stir,
so I added Mommy's perfume.
Permagosh smelled just like her!
Then the bowl tipped over...
Permagosh was on the floor,
and when I turned around,
Mom and Dad were by the door.
Now Mommy's on the couch.
Daddy's in his chair.
I'm sitting in a corner on a stool...
they put me here.I love to be a cowboy
and ride my horse around the room.
He's black and white and he won't bite
(he's really Mommy's broom) .
I shoot my guns at bad guys
when I ride down the trail.
(they're really just my dog and cat
and my closet is the jail) .
I ride and rope wild horses, too,
and bring them to my camp
(it's really just the 'lectric cord)
...uh oh, I broke a lamp!
Oops!  Here comes the Sheriff
and it looks like he is mad!
I'd better clean this mess up!
('cause the Sheriff's really Dad) .I think of all the things I have,
I like my pockets best.
Pockets hold just everything
and they give your hands a rest.
I never know just what I'll find,
what special things I'll see
to put inside my pockets ~~
these are treasures, just for me.
When Mommy's doing laundry though,
she says sometimes it's scary
finding rocks and frogs and beetles
and my spiders that are hairy.I like saying, spring has sprung.
I like the way it sounds.
And spring brings with it lots of rain,
(God's wringing out his clouds) .
Yay, rain means puddle stompin'!
After rain, they're everywhere.
No shoes or socks, I'm barefoot!
I get wet, but I don't care.
I don't think Mommy likes it
'cause I get muddy (ewwww) ,
but puddles just can't help it,
somehow mud gets in there, too.
Uh oh... here comes Mommy.
Hey, look at Mommy run!
Mommy's puddle stompin', too?
Now it's REALLY fun!Accursed from their birth they be
Who seek to find monogamy,
Pursuing it from bed to bed-
I think they would be better dead.Parents sure have lots of rules,
things to do and not do.
I’ll be glad when I get big
and growing up is gone through.
I won’t need a dentist
or a barber for my hair,
and I’ll go buy a chocolate cake
that I won’t have to share.
Maybe, I’ll stay up all night,
eat junk and watch TV.
If I want, I’ll sleep all day.
No more rules for me!
“How will you get up for work?
You might get fired”, Mom said.
“You won’t make any money
by sleeping late in bed.”
Why would I need money?
Who needs money anyway?
Rules are bad.  When I grow up
I’ll do fun things all day.
How would you pay your rent?
How will you buy a car?
How would you buy your big-boy clothes?
(you’ll be bigger than you are) .
You’ll have to buy the food you eat.
You’ll have to have a phone.
How will you pay the heating bill?
‘Cause surely you’ll buy a home.
I hadn’t thought of all of that.
I can’t do that stuff.
It doesn’t sound like fun at all
and I don’t know enough.
Mom said as I get bigger,
the rules get bigger, too,
but when we start at my age,
growing up is fun to do.
She said people grow like houses,
step by step and brick by brick.
That’s the way we all grow up
and having rules is part of it.I'm not afraid of thunder storms.
I've figured it out, you see.
I even smile when lightning comes
'cause God's taking a picture of ME.Today I found some scissors
by my Mommy's sewing chair.
I learned scissors can cut paper
and scissors can cut hair...
I learned scissors can cut many things,
lots of things you shouldn't oughta.
But the best thing that I learned today
is scissors can't cut water.My heart leaps up when I behold
A rainbow in the sky;
Contrariwise, my blood runs cold
When little boys go by.
For little boys as little boys,
No special hate I carry,
But now and then they grow to men,
And when they do, they marry.
No matter how they tarry,
Eventually they marry.
And, swine among the pearls,
They marry little girls.
Oh, somewhere, somewhere, an infant plays,
With parents who feed and clothe him.
Their lips are sticky with pride and praise,
But I have begun to loathe him.
Yes, I loathe with loathing shameless
This child who to me is nameless.
This bachelor child in his carriage
Gives never a thought to marriage,
But a person can hardly say knife
Before he will hunt him a wife.
I never see an infant (male),
A-sleeping in the sun,
Without I turn a trifle pale
And think is he the one?
Oh, first he'll want to crop his curls,
And then he'll want a pony,
And then he'll think of pretty girls,
And holy matrimony.
A cat without a mouse
Is he without a spouse.
Oh, somewhere he bubbles bubbles of milk,
And quietly sucks his thumbs.
His cheeks are roses painted on silk,
And his teeth are tucked in his gums.
But alas the teeth will begin to grow,
And the bubbles will cease to bubble;
Given a score of years or so,
The roses will turn to stubble.
He'll sell a bond, or he'll write a book,
And his eyes will get that acquisitive look,
And raging and ravenous for the kill,
He'll boldly ask for the hand of Jill.
This infant whose middle
Is diapered still
Will want to marry My daughter Jill.
Oh sweet be his slumber and moist his middle!
My dreams, I fear, are infanticiddle.
A fig for embryo Lohengrins!
I'll open all his safety pins,
I'll pepper his powder, and salt his bottle,
And give him readings from Aristotle.
Sand for his spinach I'll gladly bring,
And Tabasco sauce for his teething ring.
Then perhaps he'll struggle though fire and water
To marry somebody else's daughter.My brother's in a wheelchair
and he can't jump or run
but I can throw a ball to him
to catch and we have fun.
He can't do a lot of things
that other kids can do.
He needs help getting dressed
and he can't tie his shoes.
Mommy told me it's called 'special'
when a child is born that way.
I said I could have told her that...
My brother's special every day.On the unbreathing sides of hills
they play, a specklike girl and boy,
alone, but near a specklike house.
The Sun's suspended eye
blinks casually, and then they wade
gigantic waves of light and shade.
A dancing yellow spot, a pup,
attends them. Clouds are piling up;
a storm piles up behind the house.
The children play at digging holes.
The ground is hard; they try to use
one of their father's tools,
a mattock with a broken haft
the two of them can scarcely lift.
It drops and clangs. Their laughter spreads
effulgence in the thunderheads,
Weak flashes of inquiry
direct as is the puppy's bark.
But to their little, soluble,
unwarrantable ark,
apparently the rain's reply
consists of echolalia,
and Mother's voice, ugly as sin,
keeps calling to them to come in.
Children, the threshold of the storm
has slid beneath your muddy shoes;
wet and beguiled, you stand among
the mansions you may choose
out of a bigger house than yours,
whose lawfulness endures.
It's soggy documents retain
your rights in rooms of falling rain.I know our tongues have jobs to do,
licking lips or tasting food.
They also help us say our words
and see if our teeth are smooth.
After that, a tongue gets stupid,
stupid, stupid tongue...
Tongues don't seem to listen
and tongues act really dumb.
When we have a sharp loose tooth,
we tell our tongue to stay away
because it's really sharp right there
but tongues just won't behave.
Your tongue gets sore and it hurts to talk.
Your brain says, 'Tongue, don't take that walk! '
but tongues won't listen (or tongues don't care) ,
and pretty soon it goes back there,
the more it does, the more it hurts.
It just won't listen and I don't know
why it sneaks right back
when your brain says 'No'.
I know my tongue is helpful
and I'm glad I do have one...
but why are tongues so stupid?
Why are tongues so dumb?Thank God for little children,
Bright flowers by earth's wayside,
The dancing, joyous lifeboats
Upon life's stormy tide.
Thank God for little children;
When our skies are cold and gray,
They come as sunshine to our hearts,
And charm our cares away.
I almost think the angels,
Who tend life's garden fair,
Drop down the sweet wild blossoms
That bloom around us here.
It seems a breath of heaven
Round many a cradle lies,
And every little baby
Brings a message from the skies.
Dear mothers, guard these jewels.
As sacred offerings meet,
A wealth of household treasures
To lay at Jesus' feet.In Daddy's bedroom down the hall,
there's a special place, The Birthday Wall.
Every year about this time,
he hugs me then he draws my line.
We look at where I used to be
when I was small and only three.
Much higher, then, the one for four,
then five, then six, and now one more.
On the wall two names I see,
my little sister's, then there's me.
Sissy's line comes to my nose.
To look at mine, she's on tiptoes.
Sometimes when I am feeling small,
I go down to see The Birthday Wall
to see how big I'll be next time
Daddy hugs me and he draws my line.Down inside this grownup
lives the child that used to be.
When I look in my mirror,
she stares right back at me.
Now that I’m a grownup,
it’s an older face I see,
but the child’s still there, just hiding,
way down deep inside of me.
Sometimes we work together,
that little girl and me.
She comes up from her hiding place
and we write poetry.
I like being grownup
and I wouldn’t wanna swap.
Well... maybe a little younger face
with no grey hair on top.Out upon the sand-dunes thrive the coarse long grasses;
Herons standing knee-deep in the brackish pool;
Overhead the sunset fire and flame amasses
And the moon to eastward rises pale and cool.
Rose and green around her, silver-gray and pearly,
Chequered with the black rooks flying home to bed;
For, to wake at daybreak, birds must couch them early:
And the day's a long one since the dawn was red.
On the chilly lakelet, in that pleasant gloaming,
See the sad swans sailing: they shall have no rest:
Never a voice to greet them save the bittern's booming
Where the ghostly sallows sway against the West.
'Sister,' saith the gray swan, 'Sister, I am weary,'
Turning to the white swan wet, despairing eyes;
'O' she saith, 'my young one! O' she saith, 'my dearie !'
Casts her wings about him with a storm of cries.
Woe for Lir's sweet children whom their vile stepmother
Glamoured with her witch-spells for a thousand years;
Died their father raving, on his throne another,
Blind before the end came from the burning tears.
Long the swans have wandered over lake and river;
Gone is all the glory of the race of Lir:
Gone and long forgotten like a dream of fever:
But the swans remember the sweet days that were.
Hugh, the black and white swan with the beauteous feathers,
Fiachra, the black swan with the emerald breast,
Conn, the youngest, dearest, sheltered in all weathers,
Him his snow-white sister loves the tenderest.
These her mother gave her as she lay a-dying;
To her faithful keeping; faithful hath she been,
With her wings spread o'er them when the tempest's crying,
And her songs so hopeful when the sky's serene.
Other swans have nests made 'mid the reeds and rushes,
Lined with downy feathers where the cygnets sleep
Dreaming, if a bird dreams, till the daylight blushes,
Then they sail out swiftly on the current deep.
With the proud swan-father, tall, and strong, and stately,
And the mild swan-mother, grave with household cares,
All well-born and comely, all rejoicing greatly:
Full of honest pleasure is a life like theirs.
But alas ! for my swans with the human nature,
Sick with human longings, starved for human ties,
With their hearts all human cramped to a bird's stature.
And the human weeping in the bird's soft eyes.
Never shall my swans build nests in some green river,
Never fly to Southward in the autumn gray,
Rear no tender children, love no mates for ever;
Robbed alike of bird's joys and of man's are they.
Babbles Conn the youngest, 'Sister, I remember
At my father's palace how I went in silk,
Ate the juicy deer-flesh roasted from the ember,
Drank from golden goblets my child's draught of milk.
Once I rode a-hunting, laughed to see the hurry,
Shouted at the ball-play, on the lake did row;
You had for your beauty gauds that shone so rarely.'
'Peace' saith Fionnuala, 'that was long ago.'
'Sister,' saith Fiachra, 'well do I remember
How the flaming torches lit the banquet-hall,
And the fire leapt skyward in the mid-December,
And among the rushes slept our staghounds tall.
By our father's right hand you sat shyly gazing,
Smiling half and sighing, with your eyes a-glow,
As the bards sang loudly all your beauty praising. '
'Peace,' saith Fionnuala, 'that was long ago.'
'Sister,' then saith Hugh 'most do I remember
One I called my brother, one, earth's goodliest man,
Strong as forest oaks are where the wild vines clamber,
First at feast or hunting, in the battle's van.
Angus, you were handsome, wise, and true, and tender,
Loved by every comrade, feared by every foe:
Low, low, lies your beauty, all forgot your splendour.'
'Peace,' saith Fionnuala, 'that was long ago.'
Dews are in the clear air and the roselight paling;
Over sands and sedges shines the evening star;
And the moon's disc lonely high in heaven is sailing;
Silvered all the spear-heads of the rushes are.
Housed warm are all things as the night grows colder,
Water-fowl and sky-fowl dreamless in the nest;
But the swans go drifting, drooping wing and shoulder
Cleaving the still water where the fishes rest.For those that never know the light,
The darkness is a sullen thing;
And they, the Children of the Night,
Seem lost in Fortune's winnowing.
But some are strong and some are weak, --
And there's the story. House and home
Are shut from countless hearts that seek
World-refuge that will never come.
And if there be no other life,
And if there be no other chance
To weigh their sorrow and their strife
Than in the scales of circumstance,
'T were better, ere the sun go down
Upon the first day we embark,
In life's imbittered sea to drown,
Than sail forever in the dark.
But if there be a soul on earth
So blinded with its own misuse
Of man's revealed, incessant worth,
Or worn with anguish, that it views
No light but for a mortal eye,
No rest but of a mortal sleep,
No God but in a prophet's lie,
No faith for "honest doubt" to keep;
If there be nothing, good or bad,
But chaos for a soul to trust, --
God counts it for a soul gone mad,
And if God be God, He is just.
And if God be God, He is Love;
And though the Dawn be still so dim,
It shows us we have played enough
With creeds that make a fiend of Him.
There is one creed, and only one,
That glorifies God's excellence;
So cherish, that His will be done,
The common creed of common sense.
It is the crimson, not the gray,
That charms the twilight of all time;
It is the promise of the day
That makes the starry sky sublime;
It is the faith within the fear
That holds us to the life we curse; --
So let us in ourselves revere
The Self which is the Universe!
Let us, the Children of the Night,
Put off the cloak that hides the scar!
Let us be Children of the Light,
And tell the ages what we are!The day the circus came to town,
my favorite was the circus clown
with his great big shoes
and funny clothes,
a painted face,
and a big red nose.
A giant smile was painted there,
with children laughing, everywhere.
I wondered as I
looked at him,
was he frowning 'neath
his painted grin?
Now when I am feeling down,
I think about that circus clown
with his great big shoes
and funny clothes,
a painted face,
and big red nose.
I put a smile on, anyway
and soon, my frown just fades away
like the day the circus
came to town
and I learned it watching
the circus clown.Do ye hear the children weeping, O my brothers,
Ere the sorrow comes with years?
They are leaning their young heads against their mothers---
And that cannot stop their tears.
The young lambs are bleating in the meadows;
The young birds are chirping in the nest;
The young fawns are playing with the shadows;
The young flowers are blowing toward the west---
But the young, young children, O my brothers,
They are weeping bitterly!---
They are weeping in the playtime of the others
In the country of the free.
Do you question the young children in the sorrow,
Why their tears are falling so?---
The old man may weep for his to-morrow
Which is lost in Long Ago---
The old tree is leafless in the forest---
The old year is ending in the frost---
The old wound, if stricken, is the sorest---
The old hope is hardest to be lost:
But the young, young children, O my brothers,
Do you ask them why they stand
Weeping sore before the bosoms of their mothers,
In our happy Fatherland?
They look up with their pale and sunken faces,
And their looks are sad to see,
For the man's grief abhorrent, draws and presses
Down the cheeks of infancy---
'Your old earth,' they say, 'is very dreary;'
'Our young feet,' they say, 'are very weak!
Few paces have we taken, yet are wearyÑ
Our grave-rest is very far to seek.
Ask the old why they weep, and not the children,
For the outside earth is cold,---
And we young ones stand without, in our bewildering,
And the graves are for the old.
'True,' say the young children, 'it may happen
That we die before our time.
Little Alice died last year---the grave is shapen
Like a snowball, in the rime.
We looked into the pit prepared to take her---
Was no room for any work in the close clay:
From the sleep wherein she lieth none will wake her
Crying, 'Get up, little Alice! it is day.'
If you listen by that grave, in sun and shower,
With your ear down, little Alice never cries!---
Could we see her face, be sure we should not know her,
For the smile has time for growing in her eyes---
And merry go her moments, lulled and stilled in
The shroud, by the kirk-chime!
It is good when it happens,' say the children,
'That we die before our time.'
Alas, alas, the children! they are seeking
Death in life, as best to have!
They are binding up their hearts away from breaking,
With a cerement from the grave.
Go out, children, from the mine and from the city---
Sing out, children, as the little thrushes do---
Pluck your handfuls of the meadow-cowslips pretty---
Laugh aloud, to feel your fingers let them through!
But they answer, 'Are your cowslips of the meadows
Like our weeds anear the mine?
Leave us quiet in the dark of the coal-shadows,
From your pleasures fair and fine!
'For oh,' say the children, 'we are weary,
And we cannot run or leap---
If we cared for any meadows, it were merely
To drop down in them and sleep.
Our knees tremble sorely in the stooping---
We fall upon our faces, trying to go;
And, underneath our heavy eyelids drooping,
The reddest flower would look as pale as snow.
For, all day, we drag our burden tiring,
Through the coal-dark, underground---
Or, all day, we drive the wheels of iron
In the factories, round and round.
'For, all day, the wheels are droning, turning,---
Their wind comes in our faces,---
Till our hearts turn,---our head, with pulses burning,
And the walls turn in their places---
Turns the sky in the high window blank and reeling---
Turns the long light that droppeth down the wall---
Turn the black flies that crawl along the ceiling---
All are turning, all the day, and we with all.---
And, all day, the iron wheels are droning;
And sometimes we could pray,
'O ye wheels,' (breaking out in a mad moaning)
'Stop! be silent for to-day!' '
Ay! be silent! Let them hear each other breathing
For a moment, mouth to mouth---
Let them touch each other's hands, in a fresh wreathing
Of their tender human youth!
Let them feel that this cold metallic motion
Is not all the life God fashions or reveals---
Let them prove their inward souls against the notion
That they live in you, os under you, O wheels!---
Still, all day, the iron wheels go onward,
Grinding life down from its mark;
And the children's souls, which God is calling sunward,
Spin on blindly in the dark.
Now, tell the poor young children, O my brothers,
To look up to Him and pray---
So the blessed One, who blesseth all the others,
Will bless them another day.
They answer, 'Who is God that He should hear us,
White the rushing of the iron wheels is stirred?
When we sob aloud, the human creatures near us
Pass by, hearing not, or answer not a word!
And we hear not (for the wheels in their resounding)
Strangers speaking at the door:
Is it likely God, with angels singing round Him,
Hears our weeping any more?
'Two words, indeed, of praying we remember,
And at midnight's hour of harm,---
'Our Father,' looking upward in the chamber,
We say softly for a charm.
We know no other words except 'Our Father,'
And we think that, in some pause of angels' song,
God may pluck them with the silence sweet to gather,
And hold both within His right hand which is strong.
'Our Father!' If He heard us, He would surely
(For they call Him good and mild)
Answer, smiling down the steep world very purely,
'Come and rest with me, my child.'
'But no!' say the children, weeping faster,
'He is speechless as a stone;
And they tell us, of His image is the master
Who commands us to work on.
Go to!' say the children,---'Up in Heaven,
Dark, wheel-like, turning clouds are all we find.
Do not mock us; grief has made us unbelieving---
We look up for God, but tears have made us blind.'
Do you hear the children weeping and disproving,
O my brothers, what ye preach?
For God's possible is taught by His world's loving---
And the children doubt of each.
And well may the children weep before you;
They are weary ere they run;
They have never seen the sunshine, nor the glory
Which is brighter than the sun:
They know the grief of man, but not the wisdom;
They sink in man's despair, without its calm---
Are slaves, without the liberty in Christdom,---
Are martyrs, by the pang without the palm,---
Are worn, as if with age, yet unretrievingly
No dear remembrance keep,---
Are orphans of the earthly love and heavenly:
Let them weep! let them weep!
They look up, with their pale and sunken faces,
And their look is dread to see,
For they mind you of their angels in their places,
With eyes meant for Deity;---
'How long,' they say, 'how long, O cruel nation,
Will you stand, to move the world, on a child's heart,
Stifle down with a mailed heel its palpitation,
And tread onward to your throne amid the mart?
Our blood splashes upward, O our tyrants,
And your purple shows yo}r path;
But the child's sob curseth deeper in the silence
Than the strong man in his wrath!'There's a lighthouse on an island
built on boulders in the sea.
A home to no one anymore,
and it's beautiful to me.
The waves come crashing, sending spray.
their salty drops rain down
blessing me and other people
and the buildings in the town.
The lighthouse wakes at evening time
and its beacon comes around
protecting all the ships out there
so they don't run aground.
I sit and send my wishes
way up high on seagull wings
and then pretend that they'll come true
on notes the lighthouse sings.
That lighthouse must be magic.
I hear it call to me
from its bed of boulders
on an island in the sea.I dreamed I grew a money tree
outside in my yard.
My job was to care for it
and I worked very hard.
I saw that it was watered.
It grew so straight and tall
and when the money ripened
I picked it in the fall.
The flowers were green dollar bills,
the seeds inside were coins,
and others grew and glittered
where all the branches joined.
On windy days I stood below
and held a great big bucket.
Other days I climbed right up
to find one ripe and pluck it.
People say that money
doesn't really grow on trees.
I know. I only wish it did
just like in my dreams.Today I saw a rainbow
with bright colors in the sky.
I couldn’t see its start or end,
just its middle, way up high.
Mom said that it’s God’s promise,
that the world will still go on,
and He always will forgive us
though sometimes we do wrong.
I guess I understand it
and I’m glad He thinks that way.
I just wish He’d paint His rainbows
up there every single day.
Gee, Great Grampa was an artist.
We have his paintings everywhere.
He died a long, long time ago.
Is he helping God up there?
That rainbow sure was pretty
and they mostly look the same,
but Great Grampa should tell God...
He should always sign His name.Daddy said to Mom and me,
'Good night, I'm going to bed.
I'm sleepy and the Sandman
has been dancing on my head.'
(I don't think I like this Sandman.
Why'd he do that to my dad?)
and then I asked my mommy,
'Is the Sandman someone bad? '
Mom smiled and said, 'Don't worry.
The Sandman's just pretend.'
...but I'll sleep with one eye open
just in case he comes again.Snow was flaking all around
then gently piling on the ground.
Just tiny puffs when floating free,
but stuck together, I could see
it's like one voice that singing for us
or a lot, like in a chorus.
I rolled some up and stacked it high
to make a happy snowman guy.
I'm glad it's that way just with snow
and that's not how we children grow,
'cause on a warm and sunny day,
my snowman slowly melts away.
As he melts, he gets so thin.
I wish, like me, that he had skin.O'erwhelming sorrow now demands my song:
From death the overwhelming sorrow sprung.
What flowing tears? What hearts with grief opprest?
What sighs on sighs heave the fond parent's breast?
The brother weeps, the hapless sisters join
Th' increasing woe, and swell the crystal brine;
The poor, who once his gen'rous bounty fed,
Droop, and bewail their benefactor dead.
In death the friend, the kind companion lies,
And in one death what various comfort dies!
Th' unhappy mother sees the sanguine rill
Forget to flow, and nature's wheels stand still,
But see from earth his spirit far remov'd,
And know no grief recalls your best-belov'd:
He, upon pinions swifter than the wind,
Has left mortality's sad scenes behind
For joys to this terrestrial state unknown,
And glories richer than the monarch's crown.
Of virtue's steady course the prize behold!
What blissful wonders to his mind unfold!
But of celestial joys I sing in vain:
Attempt not, muse, the too advent'rous strain.
No more in briny show'rs, ye friends around,
Or bathe his clay, or waste them on the ground:
Still do you weep, still wish for his return?
How cruel thus to wish, and thus to mourn?
No more for him the streams of sorrow pour,
But haste to join him on the heav'nly shore,
On harps of gold to tune immortal lays,
And to your God immortal anthems raise.In the land of Wu the mulberry leaves are green,
And thrice the silkworms have gone to sleep.
In East Luh where my family stay,
I wonder who is sowing those fields of ours.
I cannot be back in time for the spring doings,
Yet I can help nothing, traveling on the river.
The south wind blowing wafts my homesick spirit
And carries it up to the front of our familiar tavern.
There I see a peach tree on the east side of the house
With thick leaves and branches waving in the blue mist.
It is the tree I planted before my parting three years ago.
The peach tree has grown now as tall as the tavern roof,
While I have wandered about without returning.
Ping-yang, my pretty daughter, I see you stand
By the peach tree and pluck a flowering branch.
You pluck the flowers, but I am not there
How your tears flow like a stream of water!
My little son, Po-chin, grown up to your sister's shoulders,
You come out with her under the peach tree,
But who is there to pat you on the back?
When I think of these things, my senses fail,
And a sharp pain cuts my heart every day.
Now I tear off a piece of white silk to write this letter,
And send it to you with my love a long way up the river.Jaya Surya
GOLDEN sun of victory, born
In my life's unclouded morn,
In my lambent sky of love,
May your growing glory prove
Sacred to your consecration,
To my heart and to my nation.
Sun of victory, may you be
Sun of song and liberty.
Padmaja
Lotus-maiden, you who claim
All the sweetness of your name,
Lakshmi, fortune's queen, defend you,
Lotus-born like you, and send you
Balmy moons of love to bless you,
Gentle joy-winds to caress you.
Lotus-maiden, may you be
Fragrant of all ecstasy.
Ranadheera
Little lord of battle, hail
In your newly-tempered mail!
Learn to conquer, learn to fight
In the foremost flanks of right,
Like Valmiki's heroes bold,
Rubies girt in epic gold.
Lord of battle, may you be,
Lord of love and chivalry.
Lilamani
Limpid jewel of delight
Severed from the tender night
Of your sheltering mother-mine,
Leap and sparkle, dance and shine,
Blithely and securely set
In love's magic coronet.
Living jewel, may you be
Laughter-bound and sorrow-free.Two children (small), one Four, one Five,
Once saw a bee go in a hive,
They'd never seen a bee before!
So waited there to see some more.
And sure enough along they came
A dozen bees (and all the same!)
Within the hive they buzzed about;
Then, one by one, they all flew out.
Said Four: 'Those bees are silly things,
But how I wish I had their wings!'Children, if you dare to think
Of the greatness, rareness, muchness
Fewness of this precious only
Endless world in which you say
You live, you think of things like this:
Blocks of slate enclosing dappled
Red and green, enclosing tawny
Yellow nets, enclosing white
And black acres of dominoes,
Where a neat brown paper parcel
Tempts you to untie the string.
In the parcel a small island,
On the island a large tree,
On the tree a husky fruit.
Strip the husk and pare the rind off:
In the kernel you will see
Blocks of slate enclosed by dappled
Red and green, enclosed by tawny
Yellow nets, enclosed by white
And black acres of dominoes,
Where the same brown paper parcel -
Children, leave the string alone!
For who dares undo the parcel
Finds himself at once inside it,
On the island, in the fruit,
Blocks of slate about his head,
Finds himself enclosed by dappled
Green and red, enclosed by yellow
Tawny nets, enclosed by black
And white acres of dominoes,
With the same brown paper parcel
Still untied upon his knee.
And, if he then should dare to think
Of the fewness, muchness, rareness,
Greatness of this endless only
Precious world in which he says
he lives - he then unties the string.Mommy's sick in bed today.
Doctor says she has the flu.
Sissy's got a stuffy nose
and she might get it, too.
When Mommy's sick it makes us sad
she doesn't feel so good.
She's having juice and medicine
like the doctor said she should.
It's not the same when Mommy's sick,
our hugs are all sick, too,
and kisses for our boo-boo's
also have the flu.
Our sads are even sadder
so our happy's aren't as glad
and when we're being naughty,
that even feels more bad.
Let's get her better, Sissy!
Get some more juice in her
'cause I remember something else,
ewwww... Daddy's cooking dinner...On a lonely selection far out in the West
An old woman works all the day without rest,
And she croons, as she toils 'neath the sky's glassy dome,
`Sure I'll keep the ould place till the childer come home.'
She mends all the fences, she grubs, and she ploughs,
She drives the old horse and she milks all the cows,
And she sings to herself as she thatches the stack,
`Sure I'll keep the ould place till the childer come back.'
It is five weary years since her old husband died;
And oft as he lay on his deathbed he sighed
`Sure one man can bring up ten children, he can,
An' it's strange that ten sons cannot keep one old man.'
Whenever the scowling old sundowners come,
And cunningly ask if the master's at home,
`Be off,' she replies, `with your blarney and cant,
Or I'll call my son Andy; he's workin' beyant.'
`Git out,' she replies, though she trembles with fear,
For she lives all alone and no neighbours are near;
But she says to herself, when she's like to despond,
That the boys are at work in the paddock beyond.
Ah, none of her children need follow the plough,
And some have grown rich in the city ere now;
Yet she says:  `They might come when the shearing is done,
And I'll keep the ould place if it's only for one.'A child should always say what's true
And speak when he is spoken to,
And behave mannerly at table;
At least as far as he is able.I know sometimes that clouds bring rain,
in wintertime it's snow,
and spring is good because it makes
the pretty flowers grow.
I know that God is everywhere
and angels all have wings,
that dogs can't talk and bunnies hop
I know so many things.
But why do daddies go away?
It makes kids and mommies sad.
Are there windows up in Heaven?
Did I do something bad?
My Mommy said it's not like that...
that children all are good.
Sometimes daddies just can't stay
even though we wish they could.
She said Daddy loves me most of all,
not to think he doesn't care
... and he sees me from the windows.
God just needs him more up there.Mommy's getting wrinkles.
Daddy has grey hair.
It wasn't very long ago
when those things weren't there.
Wish I could smooth the wrinkles out
and darken Daddy's hair
to stop the changes going on.
It makes me feel so scared.
Grampa, does it mean they'll die?
They have wrinkles and grey hair!
I never used to worry
before those things were there.
Grampa said to look at him.
There were lots of wrinkles there,
and on his head, a snowstorm
was the color of his hair.
'Wrinkles only come to point
where smiles were, here and there.
It's your mommy's turn to get some
for the happy times you've shared.'
His white, and Daddy's grey hair
well, it was there to show
who had lived the longest time
so everyone could know!
Grampa said it's part of life.
We love, we learn, we live.
We earn grey hair and wrinkles,
they're prizes only God can give.I like words like 'yes' and 'no'
they mean just what they say.
They either mean you can or can't
do what you want today.
Other words like 'maybe'
or even like 'we'll see'
make me feel like crying
'cause that isn't answering me.
'Someday' isn't too bad
'cause it still means we will...
but 'later' is even better
'cause it's waiting just until.Silence the murmur
of sorrow and past regrets
take the cloak of Peace and rest
thy thoughts, Grief has met
Comfort in good memories
soar thy sights beyond the Pain
for thy Healing comes
Death never explains
but still, Truth and Justice reigns.
Copyright ~~~Cynthia Buhain-Baello~~~07.05.13I eat pumpkins
My children come to mind
they can doing a nest
pears are healthy
I wash chestnuts
Longing is even worse
play overnight
Where do they come from
happiness over it
Flash in front of my eyes
I slept in the spring
Incessantly after night
sleep in peace
like to eat apples
tree-grafting is a skill
athletes often live
they have their own childrenI suppose that
bring a big yellow tree
resting on winter
Position the fruit on
eat snow and rest
and cap must be taken out
the hair is longer
is your own head on
diseases for
or it is not going to harm
and the best I think
Vitamins should be swallowed
like the pride
to help a man on a hill
put your pants on
good to eat alone
he have a song
better than a crispbread
not to crumbs knocked paid lessmy beloved feet
telling the tale of my
truth every swirl
I can read a little
it´s winding currents
The whole nest on the song
tumbling down waters
pondering, bending towards
In quiet waters
the bright green reeds are in
the dark mirror of
the sun dancing in currents,
is journeying light
nest hesitant, heavy,
the flow of dark, full watershe is the love
and take out the airbag
a sudden wave
I take off the rose
the blow pipe pluck
to water, which suddenly
break best joy,
is silver born in summer
her struggle is harsh,
the girl say having seen
she is come back
rises up tired eyes,
unchanged the moon
but when the laughter moves
sky is seeking me
and it opens for me all
the doors of life
My love, in the darkest
to my lovely
opens, and if suddenly
see my blood staining
the big stone of the street,
because laughter
to the sea in the fall
your laughter must raiseक्यों प्रेम किया
क्यों निभा रहे तुम
बसंत बने
ज़ख्म भर जो रहे
क्या दे सकती
मृत प्रीत मेरी है
नासूर मेरे
विष वमन करें
ये विषपान
सह लोगे क्या तुम
शिव मेरे हो कर
~~रश्मि किरण
Why you loved me
Why you are fulfilling
Likespring
You are healing my wound
What I can offer you
I have my dead love with me
My canker sores
Vomiting poison
Those poisonous drink
Can you sustain within
Becoming my lord Shiva
(English translation of the above poem)
~~ Rashmi KiranChoka
The most intricate Japanese Poetry form is the Choka, or Long Poem.
The early form consisted of a series of Katuata joined together. This gives a choice of form structures of
5/7/5/5/7/7… etc. or 5/7/7/5/7…etc
The Choka could be any total line length and indeed many exceeded 100 lines.
Looking at this, it is easy to see why Poetic Historians believe the Katuata is the original basic unit of Japanese poetry using either the 17 or 19 unit onji.
Choka
Type: 	Structure, Metrical Requirement, Simple
Description: 	The choka is a Japanese form of unrhymed alternating five and seven syllable lines that ends with an extra seven syllable line. It can be any odd number of lines.
Origin: 	Japanese
Schematic: 	A nine-line choke would be: xxxxx
xxxxxxx
xxxxx
xxxxxxx
xxxxx
xxxxxxx
xxxxx
xxxxxxx
xxxxxxx
The choka (長歌 long poem)was the epic, story telling form of Japanese poetry from the 1st to the 13th century, known as the Waka period. Storytelling was rare in the Japanese language during the Waka period although it is found in the Man'yôshû and even the Kokinshú. Most often the Japanese poet would write epics in classical Chinese. Still, the occasional poet with a story to tell would tackle the choka, the earliest of which can be traced back to the 1st century. It describes a battle and is 149 lines long.
Originally Chokas were sung, but not in the Western sense of being sung. The oral tradition of the Choka was to recite the words in a high pitch.
Definition
The most intricate Japanese Poetry form is the Choka, or Long Poem.
The early form consisted of a series of Katuata joined together. This gives a choice of form structures of …..5 - 7 - 7 - 5 - 7 - 7.. etc, or..5 - 7 - 5 - 5 - 7 - 5.. etc.
Example:
My mother, my mom
A great woman in the world,
Talking, behaving in great
Great in caring me
And in sharing my feelings
I cannot forget her word;
Behavior she does
The concern, caress she does
That absorbs the every pain
Stored in my heart
By her motherly made heart
Only one in the whole world;
So how my heart can exchange
With what her heart possesses.
Specifications, Restated:
Origin: : Japanese
The form is syllabic: 5/7/7/5/7/7 or 5/7/5/5/7/5
Traditional style: Stanzas consisting of any number of the above structures (called Katuata)
oralternaively: Alternating five and seven syllable lines that end with an extra 7 syllable line.
Unrhymed.
Meant for longer poems.
I have written a one using the Katuata style.
Poem Sample
Above the Sun (Choke)Katuata Version.
*Example is given from my poems.
*Other data are collected by me
Thanks-
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 20 November,2017nature’s beauty show.
near Tokyo in the spring
guaranteed to please.
avenues of cherry trees.
soft spring breezes blow
setting pink blossoms dancing
on the cherry trees
their sweet perfumes they release.
lovers stroll below
unaware completely free
to just wander to and fro.
all that they can see
their own private paradise
where the blossom never dies,
10-Apr-08
Choka sonnetGood deeds are water
in a dry and thirsty land
and he shall not thirst,
he who would bring the water
even if he cannot drinkImagination
is boundless, a gift blessing
the creative mind, freedom
to soar horizons
in vibrant prisms of color
liquid forms flowing with grace
mesmerize the eye
excite the thoughts and feelings
with magic, awe, and poetic sigh.First nature was fresh
Enough for man, creature;
Building narrow boundary
Man is abusing
Nature; killing creatures
Thus earth is now polluted.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 15 November,2017My mother, my mom
A great woman in the world,
Talking, behaving in great
Great in caring me
And in sharing my feelings
I cannot forget her word;
Behavior she does
The concern, caress she does
That absorbs the every pain
Stored in my heart
By her motherly made heart
Only one in the whole world;
So how my heart can exchange
With what her heart possesses.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza |09/26/2017no reply by owl
when it sees night playing foul
his silence is dead
as the moon reflects
and echoes in the valley
screams for the unspoken words
to melt and give way
for unrealised
dreams hanging over mountain
like dewdrops on rose petalsHeavenly bliss: Just
follow nature’s hallo, hug
the trees, feel the breeze –
know stars live in galaxies:
oh! those little lamps
in multi colours, gosh! in
between lives black holes:
our dead souls stretching endless
n the sky, hear to
sheep’s tong-ting, swim in the blue
seas then universe
open doors for you even
by cracking walls and
shaping your soul – Or visits
tsunami with a gift, death!Remembering them
with everything that blesses
hoping to contain the thoughts
purified by tears
mellowed by time eternal
random pictures from the past
of childhood embrace and love
separations, longings for
those who passed away.
For my parents who passed away in 2009,  and 2010 - with all my love.I paint pictures with
Out brush and coat colors but
Not red or yellow
In lawn, I met men-women,
Sci-fi, Pun-fun, Prose
-stanza, novel-drama all
In one, what if I ain't a poet?i am still dreaming of you
wake me up my love
shake me, push me through your love
wanna be with you
passionately caress me
like your chihuahua
that's what i'm dreaming about
your own pet and loveQueen Anne's lace starts to
Curl inward her 'birds' nest', and
To close upward her umbel.
Her spines of love fruits
Are snow-white. Her pink shyness
Touches the lips of the sun.
These lips are bees, and
He drinks her nectar. His teeth
Are caterpillars eating
Her leaves of passion.
Each white flower has two seeds
To make him still desire her
And her hairy stems
After blooming in clusters.
Copyright © ® Marieta Maglas. All rights reserved.Christmas, a joyful time of year.
Fun-filled days, lots of holiday cheer.
Children all over the world, year after year,
Wait for this special day in the hopes
of many gifts to open and play.
How soon we forget, the true
meaning of Christmas.
Sweet Jesus was born on this joyous day.
In a manger in Bethlehem oh, so far away.
No pillow for his head.
No blanket for his bed.
A true gift from God, our Father
Let us praise him instead.
Written:  Dec.2/06All you little children gather round.
Let’s sing beautiful Christmas songs.
Take your bells and chime away,
we celebrate Christmas here today.
Now raise your hands if you know the reason,
we celebrate this colorful season.
One, two, three, four, oh my, more and more.
You all deserve a great big score.
Now, let’s think a moment of our sweet Jesus.
Why we know he’ll never leave us.
He gave his life upon the cross,
we would live,  not become lost.
Today we celebrate his precious birth,
while he watches over us here on earth.
Clap your hands rejoice for all to see.
Keep Jesus in your hearts infin-ite-ly.
Written:  Dec.10/06Oh Christmas tree, Oh Christmas tree.
Lush, green ambiance standing before me.
Mesmerized by childhood memories.
I smile and ponder of which I see.
Oh Christmas tree, Oh Christmas tree,
That precious time of year upon us,
to embrace our family and friends.
To share, care and make amends.
Oh Christmas tree, Oh Christmas tree.
The time to think of Jesus Christ,
what his life for all has given.
Rejoice, praise, worship and sing.
His Father in heaven is our true King.
Oh Christmas tree, Oh Christmas tree.
Away you’ll go for another year,
With glowing memories packed inside.
Fresh in our minds, we shall not hide.
Our living savior, Jesus Christ.
Gives much love, and an abundance of pride.
Written:  Dec.2/06Snowflakes fall elegantly,
Ice glints glow for all to see.
Lights of red, yellow, blue and green,
are all a part of the Christmas scene.
Clap your hands sing out loud,
Rejoice in the name of Jesus.
Tis his birth we celebrate,
knowing he’ll never leave us.
Gather round one and all,
It’s time to create a memory.
Stand proud, stand tall,
allow everyone to see.
The happiness and joy you possess,
will fall upon those, without rest.
A beautiful gift to share,
at this brilliant time of year.
Written:  Dec.7/06Merry Christmas to you all,
no matter where the snow shall fall.
With or without, Christmas is here.
Enjoy this precious time of year.
God gave Mary a joyous gift.
Allowing her to conceive his son.
Dec.25, Mary gave birth.
Sweet Baby Jesus joins us on earth.
Glory be to God in Heaven,
Thankyou for this precious gift
A gift of life, love and light
Jesus shall remain always in sight.
Written:  Dec.3/06One Christmas was so much like another, in those years around the sea-town corner now and out of all sound except the distant speaking of the voices I sometimes hear a moment before sleep, that I can never remember whether it snowed for six days and six nights when I was twelve or whether it snowed for twelve days and twelve nights when I was six.
All the Christmases roll down toward the two-tongued sea, like a cold and headlong moon bundling down the sky that was our street; and they stop at the rim of the ice-edged fish-freezing waves, and I plunge my hands in the snow and bring out whatever I can find. In goes my hand into that wool-white bell-tongued ball of holidays resting at the rim of the carol-singing sea, and out come Mrs. Prothero and the firemen.
It was on the afternoon of the Christmas Eve, and I was in Mrs. Prothero's garden, waiting for cats, with her son Jim. It was snowing. It was always snowing at Christmas. December, in my memory, is white as Lapland, though there were no reindeers. But there were cats. Patient, cold and callous, our hands wrapped in socks, we waited to snowball the cats. Sleek and long as jaguars and horrible-whiskered, spitting and snarling, they would slink and sidle over the white back-garden walls, and the lynx-eyed hunters, Jim and I, fur-capped and moccasined trappers from Hudson Bay, off Mumbles Road, would hurl our deadly snowballs at the green of their eyes. The wise cats never appeared.
We were so still, Eskimo-footed arctic marksmen in the muffling silence of the eternal snows - eternal, ever since Wednesday - that we never heard Mrs. Prothero's first cry from her igloo at the bottom of the garden. Or, if we heard it at all, it was, to us, like the far-off challenge of our enemy and prey, the neighbor's polar cat. But soon the voice grew louder.
"Fire!" cried Mrs. Prothero, and she beat the dinner-gong.
And we ran down the garden, with the snowballs in our arms, toward the house; and smoke, indeed, was pouring out of the dining-room, and the gong was bombilating, and Mrs. Prothero was announcing ruin like a town crier in Pompeii. This was better than all the cats in Wales standing on the wall in a row. We bounded into the house, laden with snowballs, and stopped at the open door of the smoke-filled room.
Something was burning all right; perhaps it was Mr. Prothero, who always slept there after midday dinner with a newspaper over his face. But he was standing in the middle of the room, saying, "A fine Christmas!" and smacking at the smoke with a slipper.
"Call the fire brigade," cried Mrs. Prothero as she beat the gong.
"There won't be there," said Mr. Prothero, "it's Christmas."
There was no fire to be seen, only clouds of smoke and Mr. Prothero standing in the middle of them, waving his slipper as though he were conducting.
"Do something," he said. And we threw all our snowballs into the smoke - I think we missed Mr. Prothero - and ran out of the house to the telephone box.
"Let's call the police as well," Jim said. "And the ambulance." "And Ernie Jenkins, he likes fires."
But we only called the fire brigade, and soon the fire engine came and three tall men in helmets brought a hose into the house and Mr. Prothero got out just in time before they turned it on. Nobody could have had a noisier Christmas Eve. And when the firemen turned off the hose and were standing in the wet, smoky room, Jim's Aunt, Miss. Prothero, came downstairs and peered in at them. Jim and I waited, very quietly, to hear what she would say to them. She said the right thing, always. She looked at the three tall firemen in their shining helmets, standing among the smoke and cinders and dissolving snowballs, and she said, "Would you like anything to read?"
Years and years ago, when I was a boy, when there were wolves in Wales, and birds the color of red-flannel petticoats whisked past the harp-shaped hills, when we sang and wallowed all night and day in caves that smelt like Sunday afternoons in damp front farmhouse parlors, and we chased, with the jawbones of deacons, the English and the bears, before the motor car, before the wheel, before the duchess-faced horse, when we rode the daft and happy hills bareback, it snowed and it snowed. But here a small boy says: "It snowed last year, too. I made a snowman and my brother knocked it down and I knocked my brother down and then we had tea."
"But that was not the same snow," I say. "Our snow was not only shaken from white wash buckets down the sky, it came shawling out of the ground and swam and drifted out of the arms and hands and bodies of the trees; snow grew overnight on the roofs of the houses like a pure and grandfather moss, minutely -ivied the walls and settled on the postman, opening the gate, like a dumb, numb thunder-storm of white, torn Christmas cards."
"Were there postmen then, too?"
"With sprinkling eyes and wind-cherried noses, on spread, frozen feet they crunched up to the doors and mittened on them manfully. But all that the children could hear was a ringing of bells."
"You mean that the postman went rat-a-tat-tat and the doors rang?"
"I mean that the bells the children could hear were inside them."
"I only hear thunder sometimes, never bells."
"There were church bells, too."
"Inside them?"
"No, no, no, in the bat-black, snow-white belfries, tugged by bishops and storks. And they rang their tidings over the bandaged town, over the frozen foam of the powder and ice-cream hills, over the crackling sea. It seemed that all the churches boomed for joy under my window; and the weathercocks crew for Christmas, on our fence."
"Get back to the postmen"
"They were just ordinary postmen, found of walking and dogs and Christmas and the snow. They knocked on the doors with blue knuckles ...."
"Ours has got a black knocker...."
"And then they stood on the white Welcome mat in the little, drifted porches and huffed and puffed, making ghosts with their breath, and jogged from foot to foot like small boys wanting to go out."
"And then the presents?"
"And then the Presents, after the Christmas box. And the cold postman, with a rose on his button-nose, tingled down the tea-tray-slithered run of the chilly glinting hill. He went in his ice-bound boots like a man on fishmonger's slabs. "He wagged his bag like a frozen camel's hump, dizzily turned the corner on one foot, and, by God, he was gone."
"Get back to the Presents."
"There were the Useful Presents: engulfing mufflers of the old coach days, and mittens made for giant sloths; zebra scarfs of a substance like silky gum that could be tug-o'-warred down to the galoshes; blinding tam-o'-shanters like patchwork tea cozies and bunny-suited busbies and balaclavas for victims of head-shrinking tribes; from aunts who always wore wool next to the skin there were mustached and rasping vests that made you wonder why the aunts had any skin left at all; and once I had a little crocheted nose bag from an aunt now, alas, no longer whinnying with us. And pictureless books in which small boys, though warned with quotations not to, would skate on Farmer Giles' pond and did and drowned; and books that told me everything about the wasp, except why."
"Go on the Useless Presents."
"Bags of moist and many-colored jelly babies and a folded flag and a false nose and a tram-conductor's cap and a machine that punched tickets and rang a bell; never a catapult; once, by mistake that no one could explain, a little hatchet; and a celluloid duck that made, when you pressed it, a most unducklike sound, a mewing moo that an ambitious cat might make who wished to be a cow; and a painting book in which I could make the grass, the trees, the sea and the animals any colour I pleased, and still the dazzling sky-blue sheep are grazing in the red field under the rainbow-billed and pea-green birds. Hardboileds, toffee, fudge and allsorts, crunches, cracknels, humbugs, glaciers, marzipan, and butterwelsh for the Welsh. And troops of bright tin soldiers who, if they could not fight, could always run. And Snakes-and-Families and Happy Ladders. And Easy Hobbi-Games for Little Engineers, complete with instructions. Oh, easy for Leonardo! And a whistle to make the dogs bark to wake up the old man next door to make him beat on the wall with his stick to shake our picture off the wall. And a packet of cigarettes: you put one in your mouth and you stood at the corner of the street and you waited for hours, in vain, for an old lady to scold you for smoking a cigarette, and then with a smirk you ate it. And then it was breakfast under the balloons."
"Were there Uncles like in our house?"
"There are always Uncles at Christmas. The same Uncles. And on Christmas morning, with dog-disturbing whistle and sugar fags, I would scour the swatched town for the news of the little world, and find always a dead bird by the Post Office or by the white deserted swings; perhaps a robin, all but one of his fires out. Men and women wading or scooping back from chapel, with taproom noses and wind-bussed cheeks, all albinos, huddles their stiff black jarring feathers against the irreligious snow. Mistletoe hung from the gas brackets in all the front parlors; there was sherry and walnuts and bottled beer and crackers by the dessertspoons; and cats in their fur-abouts watched the fires; and the high-heaped fire spat, all ready for the chestnuts and the mulling pokers. Some few large men sat in the front parlors, without their collars, Uncles almost certainly, trying their new cigars, holding them out judiciously at arms' length, returning them to their mouths, coughing, then holding them out again as though waiting for the explosion; and some few small aunts, not wanted in the kitchen, nor anywhere else for that matter, sat on the very edge of their chairs, poised and brittle, afraid to break, like faded cups and saucers."
Not many those mornings trod the piling streets: an old man always, fawn-bowlered, yellow-gloved and, at this time of year, with spats of snow, would take his constitutional to the white bowling green and back, as he would take it wet or fire on Christmas Day or Doomsday; sometimes two hale young men, with big pipes blazing, no overcoats and wind blown scarfs, would trudge, unspeaking, down to the forlorn sea, to work up an appetite, to blow away the fumes, who knows, to walk into the waves until nothing of them was left but the two furling smoke clouds of their inextinguishable briars. Then I would be slap-dashing home, the gravy smell of the dinners of others, the bird smell, the brandy, the pudding and mince, coiling up to my nostrils, when out of a snow-clogged side lane would come a boy the spit of myself, with a pink-tipped cigarette and the violet past of a black eye, cocky as a bullfinch, leering all to himself.
I hated him on sight and sound, and would be about to put my dog whistle to my lips and blow him off the face of Christmas when suddenly he, with a violet wink, put his whistle to his lips and blew so stridently, so high, so exquisitely loud, that gobbling faces, their cheeks bulged with goose, would press against their tinsled windows, the whole length of the white echoing street. For dinner we had turkey and blazing pudding, and after dinner the Uncles sat in front of the fire, loosened all buttons, put their large moist hands over their watch chains, groaned a little and slept. Mothers, aunts and sisters scuttled to and fro, bearing tureens. Auntie Bessie, who had already been frightened, twice, by a clock-work mouse, whimpered at the sideboard and had some elderberry wine. The dog was sick. Auntie Dosie had to have three aspirins, but Auntie Hannah, who liked port, stood in the middle of the snowbound back yard, singing like a big-bosomed thrush. I would blow up balloons to see how big they would blow up to; and, when they burst, which they all did, the Uncles jumped and rumbled. In the rich and heavy afternoon, the Uncles breathing like dolphins and the snow descending, I would sit among festoons and Chinese lanterns and nibble dates and try to make a model man-o'-war, following the Instructions for Little Engineers, and produce what might be mistaken for a sea-going tramcar.
Or I would go out, my bright new boots squeaking, into the white world, on to the seaward hill, to call on Jim and Dan and Jack and to pad through the still streets, leaving huge footprints on the hidden pavements.
"I bet people will think there's been hippos."
"What would you do if you saw a hippo coming down our street?"
"I'd go like this, bang! I'd throw him over the railings and roll him down the hill and then I'd tickle him under the ear and he'd wag his tail."
"What would you do if you saw two hippos?"
Iron-flanked and bellowing he-hippos clanked and battered through the scudding snow toward us as we passed Mr. Daniel's house.
"Let's post Mr. Daniel a snow-ball through his letter box."
"Let's write things in the snow."
"Let's write, 'Mr. Daniel looks like a spaniel' all over his lawn."
Or we walked on the white shore. "Can the fishes see it's snowing?"
The silent one-clouded heavens drifted on to the sea. Now we were snow-blind travelers lost on the north hills, and vast dewlapped dogs, with flasks round their necks, ambled and shambled up to us, baying "Excelsior." We returned home through the poor streets where only a few children fumbled with bare red fingers in the wheel-rutted snow and cat-called after us, their voices fading away, as we trudged uphill, into the cries of the dock birds and the hooting of ships out in the whirling bay. And then, at tea the recovered Uncles would be jolly; and the ice cake loomed in the center of the table like a marble grave. Auntie Hannah laced her tea with rum, because it was only once a year.
Bring out the tall tales now that we told by the fire as the gaslight bubbled like a diver. Ghosts whooed like owls in the long nights when I dared not look over my shoulder; animals lurked in the cubbyhole under the stairs and the gas meter ticked. And I remember that we went singing carols once, when there wasn't the shaving of a moon to light the flying streets. At the end of a long road was a drive that led to a large house, and we stumbled up the darkness of the drive that night, each one of us afraid, each one holding a stone in his hand in case, and all of us too brave to say a word. The wind through the trees made noises as of old and unpleasant and maybe webfooted men wheezing in caves. We reached the black bulk of the house. "What shall we give them? Hark the Herald?"
"No," Jack said, "Good King Wencelas. I'll count three." One, two three, and we began to sing, our voices high and seemingly distant in the snow-felted darkness round the house that was occupied by nobody we knew. We stood close together, near the dark door. Good King Wencelas looked out On the Feast of Stephen ... And then a small, dry voice, like the voice of someone who has not spoken for a long time, joined our singing: a small, dry, eggshell voice from the other side of the door: a small dry voice through the keyhole. And when we stopped running we were outside our house; the front room was lovely; balloons floated under the hot-water-bottle-gulping gas; everything was good again and shone over the town.
"Perhaps it was a ghost," Jim said.
"Perhaps it was trolls," Dan said, who was always reading.
"Let's go in and see if there's any jelly left," Jack said. And we did that.
Always on Christmas night there was music. An uncle played the fiddle, a cousin sang "Cherry Ripe," and another uncle sang "Drake's Drum." It was very warm in the little house. Auntie Hannah, who had got on to the parsnip wine, sang a song about Bleeding Hearts and Death, and then another in which she said her heart was like a Bird's Nest; and then everybody laughed again; and then I went to bed. Looking through my bedroom window, out into the moonlight and the unending smoke-colored snow, I could see the lights in the windows of all the other houses on our hill and hear the music rising from them up the long, steady falling night. I turned the gas down, I got into bed. I said some words to the close and holy darkness, and then I slept.So now is come our joyful'st feast,
Let every man be jolly.
Each room with ivy leaves is drest,
And every post with holly.
Though some churls at our mirth repine,
Round your foreheads garlands twine,
Drown sorrow in a cup of wine,
And let us all be merry.
Now all our neighbors' chimneys smoke,
And Christmas blocks are burning;
Their ovens they with bak'd-meats choke,
And all their spits are turning.
Without the door let sorrow lie,
And if for cold it hap to die,
We'll bury 't in a Christmas pie,
And evermore be merry.
Now every lad is wondrous trim,
And no man minds his labor;
Our lasses have provided them
A bag-pipe and a tabor.
Young men and maids and girls and boys
Give life to one another's joys,
And you anon shall by their noise
Perceive that they are merry.
Rank misers now do sparing shun,
Their hall of music soundeth,
And dogs thence with whole shoulders run,
So all things there aboundeth.
The country folk themselves advance,
For crowdy-mutton's come out of France.
And Jack shall pipe and Jill shall dance,
And all the town be merry.
Ned Swash hath fetch'd his bands from pawn,
And all his best apparel;
Brisk Nell hath bought a ruff of lawn
With droppings of the barrel;
And those that hardly all the year
Had bread to eat or rags to wear,
Will have both clothes and dainty fare,
And all the day be merry.
Now poor men to the justices
With capons make their arrants,
And if they hap to fail of these
They plague them with their warrants.
But now they feed them with good cheer,
And what they want they take in beer,
For Christmas comes but once a year,
And then they shall be merry.
Good farmers in the country nurse
The poor, that else were undone.
Some landlords spend their money worse,
On lust and pride at London.
There the roisters they do play,
Drab and dice their land away,
Which may be ours another day;
And therefore let's be merry.
The client now his suit forbears,
The prisoner's heart is eased,
The debtor drinks away his cares,
And for the time is pleased.
Though others' purses be more fat,
Why should we pine or grieve at that?
Hang sorrow, care will kill a cat,
And therefore let's be merry.
Hark how the wags abroad do call
Each other forth to rambling;
Anon you'll see them in the hall
For nuts and apples scrambling.
Hark how the roofs with laughters sound!
Anon they'll think the house goes round,
For they the cellar's depth have found,
And there they will be merry.
The wenches with their wassail bowls
About the streets are singing,
The boys are come to catch the owls,
The wild mare in is bringing.
Our kitchen boy hath broke his box,
And to the dealing of the ox
Our honest neighbors come by flocks,
And here they will be merry.
Now kings and queens poor sheepcotes have,
And mate with everybody;
The honest now may play the knave,
And wise men play at noddy.
Some youths will now a-mumming go,
Some others play at rowlandhoe,
And twenty other gameboys moe,
Because they will be merry.
Then wherefore in these merry days
Should we, I pray, be duller?
No, let us sing some roundelays
To make our mirth the fuller.
And, whilst thus inspir'd we sing,
Let all the streets with echoes ring,
Woods and hills and everything,
Bear witness we are merry.Welcome, sweet Christmas, blest be the morn
That Christ our Saviour was born!
Earth's Redeemer, to save us from all danger,
And, as the Holy Record tells, born in a manger.
Chorus --
Then ring, ring, Christmas bells,
Till your sweet music o'er the kingdom swells,
To warn the people to respect the morn
That Christ their Saviour was born.
The snow was on the ground when Christ was born,
And the Virgin Mary His mother felt very forlorn
As she lay in a horse's stall at a roadside inn,
Till Christ our Saviour was born to free us from sin.
Oh! think of the Virgin Mary as she lay
In a lowly stable on a bed of hay,
And angels watching O'er her till Christ was born,
Therefore all the people should respect Christmas morn.
The way to respect Christmas time
Is not by drinking whisky or wine,
But to sing praises to God on Christmas morn,
The time that Jesus Christ His Son was born;
Whom He sent into the world to save sinners from hell
And by believing in Him in heaven we'll dwell;
Then blest be the morn that Christ was born,
Who can save us from hell, death, and scorn.
Then he warned, and respect the Saviour dear,
And treat with less respect the New Year,
And respect always the blessed morn
That Christ our Saviour was born.
For each new morn to the Christian is dear,
As well as the morn of the New Year,
And he thanks God for the light of each new morn.
Especially the morn that Christ was born.
Therefore, good people, be warned in time,
And on Christmas morn don't get drunk with wine
But praise God above on Christmas morn,
Who sent His Son to save us from hell and scorn.
There the heavenly babe He lay
In a stall among a lot of hay,
While the Angel Host by Bethlehem
Sang a beautiful and heavenly anthem.
Christmas time ought to be held most dear,
Much more so than the New Year,
Because that's the time that Christ was born,
Therefore respect Christmas morn.
And let the rich be kind to the poor,
And think of the hardships they do endure,
Who are neither clothed nor fed,
And Many without a blanket to their bed.Chorus.
What sweeter music can we bring,
Than a Carol, for to sing
The Birth of this our heavenly King?
Awake the Voice! Awake the String!
Heart, Ear, and Eye, and every thing
Awake! the while the active Finger
Runs division with the Singer.
From the Flourish they came to the Song.
Voice 1:
Dark and dull night, fly hence away,
And give the honor to this Day,
That sees December turn'd to May.
Voice 2:
If we may ask the reason, say:
The why, and wherefore all things here
Seem like the Spring-time fo the year?
Voice 3:
Why does the chilling Winter's morn
Smile, like a field beset with corn?
Or smell, like to a mead new-shorn,
Thus, on the sudden?
Voice 4:
Come and see
The cause, why things thus fragrant be:
'Tis He is born, whose quick'ning Birth
Gives life and luster, public mirth,
To Heaven and the under-Earth.
Chorus:
We see Him come, and know Him ours,
Who, with His Sun-shine, and His Showers,
Turns all the patient ground to flowers.
Voice 1:
The Darling of the World is come,
And fit it is, we find a room
To welcome Him.
Voice 2:
The nobler part
Of all the house here, is the Heart,
Chorus:
Which we will give Him; and bequeath
This Holly and this Ivy Wreath,
To do Him honor; who's our King,
And Lord of all this Revelling.GOOD fellows are laughing and drinking
(To-night no heart should grieve),
But I am of old days thinking,
Alone, on Christmas Eve.
Old memories fast are springing
To life again; old rhymes
Once more in my brain are ringing—
Ah, God be with old times!
There never was man so lonely
But ghosts walked him beside,
For Death our spirits can only
By veils of sense divide.
Numberless as the blades of
Grass in the fields that grow,
Around us hover the shades of
The dead of long ago.
Friends living a word estranges;
We smile, and we say “Adieu!”
But, whatsoever else changes,
Dead friends are faithful and true.
An old-time tune, or a flower,
The simplest thing held dear
In bygone days has the power
Once more to bring them near.
And whether it be through thinking
Of memories sad and sweet,
Or hearing the cheery clinking
Of glasses across the street,
I know not; but this is certain
That, here in the dusk, I view
Like shadows seen through a curtain,
The shades of the friends I knew.
Methinks that I hear their laughter—
An echo of ghostly mirth,
As if in the dim Hereafter
They jest as they did on earth.
The fancy possibly droll is,
And yet it relieves my mind
To think the enfranchised soul is
So humorously inclined.
But hark! whose steps in the glancing
Moonbeams are these I hear,
That sound as if timed to dancing
Music of gallant cheer!
Half Galahad, half Don Juan,
His head full of wild romance;
’Twas thus that of old would Spruhan
Come lilting, “We met by chance.”
Sure never a spirit lighter
At heart quaffed mountain dew;
Never was goblin brighter
That Oberon’s kingdom knew.
And though at this season yearly
I miss the grasp of his hand,
I know that Spruhan has merely
Gone back to Fairyland.
.     .     .     .     .
The shades grow dimmer and dimmer,
And now they fade from view,
I see in the East the glimmer
Of dawn. Old friends, adieu!
Sitting here, lonely hearted,
Writing these random rhymes.
I drink to the days departed,—
Ah, God be with old times!Early on Christmas Day,
Love, as awake I lay,
And heard the Christmas bells ring sweet and clearly,
My heart stole through the gloom
Into your silent room,
And whispered to your heart, `I love you dearly.'
There, in the dark profound,
Your heart was sleeping sound,
And dreaming some fair dream of summer weather.
At my heart's word it woke,
And, ere the morning broke,
They sang a Christmas carol both together.
Glory to God on high!
Stars of the morning sky,
Sing as ye sang upon the first creation,
When all the Sons of God
Shouted for joy abroad,
And earth was laid upon a sure foundation.
Glory to God again!
Peace and goodwill to men,
And kindly feeling all the wide world over,
Where friends with joy and mirth
Meet round the Christmas hearth,
Or dreams of home the solitary rover.
Glory to God! True hearts,
Lo, now the dark departs,
And morning on the snow-clad hills grows grey.
Oh, may love's dawning light
Kindled from loveless night,
Shine more and more unto the perfect day!South of the Line, inland from far Durban,
A mouldering soldier lies--your countryman.
Awry and doubled up are his gray bones,
And on the breeze his puzzled phantom moans
Nightly to clear Canopus:  "I would know
By whom and when the All-Earth-gladdening Law
Of Peace, brought in by that Man Crucified,
Was ruled to be inept, and set aside?
And what of logic or of truth appears
In tacking 'Anno Domini' to the years?
Near twenty-hundred livened thus have hied,
But tarries yet the Cause for which He died."In presence of the multitude,
I have shown barring no gift,
For what hath I worth thy child......
In glance of many gifts bestowen,
Frankensence, Muir, Silver, Gold,
For I posses nothing worth Lord......
In tater clothes I bow Mother Mary,
And confess the birth of virgin son,
Yet words fall short of glory be.....
As thy man Joseph smiles upon,
Watching o'er thy babe Jesus,
I surrender in humilitance unto my lack.....
In moment chance hold thy hand,
of the child that taketh my place,
For this tiny babe shall wash me clean.....
In this childs eyes my saving grace,
In his fathers hand thy mercy proclaims......IT was the calm and silent night!
Seven hundred years and fifty-three
Had Rome been growing up to might,
And now was Queen of land and sea.
No sound was heard of clashing wars;
Peace brooded o’er the hush’d domain;
Apollo, Pallas, Jove and Mars,
Held undisturb’d their ancient reign,
In the solemn midnight
Centuries ago.
’T was in the calm and silent night!
The senator of haughty Rome
Impatient urged his chariot’s flight,
From lordly revel rolling home.
Triumphal arches gleaming swell
His breast with thoughts of boundless sway;
What reck’d the Roman what befell
A paltry province far away,
In the solemn midnight
Centuries ago!
Within that province far away
Went plodding home a weary boor:
A streak of light before him lay,
Fall’n through a half-shut stable door
Across his path. He pass’d—for nought
Told what was going on within;
How keen the stars! his only thought;
The air how calm and cold and thin,
In the solemn midnight
Centuries ago!
O strange indifference!—low and high
Drows’d over common joys and cares:
The earth was still—but knew not why;
The world was listening—unawares.
How calm a moment may precede
One that shall thrill the world for ever!
To that still moment none would heed,
Man’s doom was link’d, no more to sever,
In the solemn midnight
Centuries ago.
It is the calm and solemn night!
A thousand bells ring out, and throw
Their joyous peals abroad, and smite
The darkness, charm’d and holy now.
The night that erst no name had worn,
To it a happy name is given;
For in that stable lay new-born
The peaceful Prince of Earth and Heaven,
In the solemn midnight
Centuries ago.’T IS Christmas, and the North wind blows; ’t was two years yesterday
Since from the Lusitania’s bows I looked o’er Table Bay,
A tripper round the narrow world, a pilgrim of the main,
Expecting when her sails unfurled to start for home again.
’T is Christmas, and the North wind blows; to-day our hearts are one,
Though you are ’mid the English snows and I in Austral sun;
You, when you hear the Northern blast, pile high a mightier fire,
Our ladies cower until it ’s past in lawn and lace attire.
I fancy I can picture you upon this Christmas night,
Just sitting as you used to do, the laughter at its height:
And then a sudden, silent pause intruding on your glee,
And kind eyes glistening because you chanced to think of me.
This morning when I woke and knew ’t was Christmas come again,
I almost fancied I could view white rime upon the pane,
And hear the ringing of the wheels upon the frosty ground,
And see the drip that downward steals in icy casket bound.
I daresay you ’ll be on the lake, or sliding on the snow,
And breathing on your hands to make the circulation flow,
Nestling your nose among the furs of which your boa ’s made,—
The Fahrenheit here registers a hundred in the shade.
It is not quite a Christmas here with this unclouded sky,
This pure transparent atmosphere, this sun midheaven-high;
To see the rose upon the bush, young leaves upon the trees,
And hear the forest’s summer hush or the low hum of bees.
But cold winds bring not Christmastide, nor budding roses June,
And when it ’s night upon your side we ’re basking in the noon.
Kind hearts make Christmas—June can bring blue sky or clouds above;
The only universal spring is that which comes of love.
And so it ’s Christmas in the South as on the North-Sea coasts,
Though we are starved with summer-drouth and you with winter frosts.
And we shall have our roast beef here, and think of you the while,
Though all the watery hemisphere cuts off the mother isle.
Feel sure that we shall think of you, we who have wandered forth,
And many a million thoughts will go to-day from south to north;
Old heads will muse on churches old, where bells will ring to-day—
The very bells, perchance, which tolled their fathers to the clay.
And now, good-night! and I shall dream that I am with you all,
Watching the ruddy embers gleam athwart the panelled hall;
Nor care I if I dream or not, though severed by the foam,
My heart is always in the spot which was my childhood’s home.A Christmas tree! A Christmas tree!
With dark green needled memories
Of childhood dreams and mysteries
Wrapped present-like in front of me.
A Christmas tree! A Christmas tree!
I glimpse a past wherein i see
The child that then grew into me
Not forward fast but haltingly.
A Christmas tree! A Christmas tree!
A time for being with family
A time that's gone so fleetingly
Yet lives for always deep in me.
A Christmas tree! A Christmas tree!
When twelfth night comes whole hauntingly
One lingered look and then i see
No Christmas tree where it would be.
A Christmas tree! A Christmas tree!
With feelings now felt longingly
No corner in my house to see
The magic of that Christmas tree.This Christmas
No greater gift
Could come to me
Than just
For once
For once
To see
My own children
Just being happy.God had a plan for Christmas
A plan that could not fail
Rather then indulgences
He went straight into retail
Positioned presents as a blessing
And to keep the whole thing green
Decided that we all should have
Those jolly Christmas trees
When he phoned Sears and K Mart
On his celestial phone
The response was overwhelming
And they changed their budgets when
He had explained the concept
To these quite commercial men
Lord Jesus said the salesmen
Who then took back their words
This concept is amazing
How do we start
And when?
Ahah said God quite gently
Its not that easy mate
The condition of your entry
Is that you should celebrate
The goodness thats amongst us
And not just profits seek
For while valued is the businessman
The world belongs unto the meek
At this point there was silence
I think a pin was dropped
So the businessmen decided
On a Christmas without God.Sitting in front of the fire, Auntie Flo's reciting a story,
it's one about her first Christmas as a newly wed,
the same one she broadcasts every year,
but no one is listening.
Uncle Fred, 'out to the world' snores rhythmically
on the sofa.
Mother exhausted, having cooked the lunch,
without help, as usual,
stifles a yawn.
Dad, brow furrowed, is trying to piece together
Eddy's lego set,
whilst Eddy glowers,
after all, it was 'his' present.
Joe, playing with a set of 'disco lights'
is sending flashes of colour across the room,
straight into Grandpa's eyes,
making him feel even more bilious
after having consumed too many chocolates.
Grandma's knitting.
Grandma always knits on Christmas Day,
and every other day, come to that,
probably yet another scarf for what she believes is
still the war effort.
The cat, curled up on her lap, purrs contently,
oblivious of the knitting needles, waving precariously
in front of his sleepy eyes.
Susan is gazing at the TV screen, .
glued, for the umpteenth time to, 'The Sound of Music' movie,
singing every song, word for word,
at the top of her voice.
'Turkey was nice', said Auntie,
'I was given too much', moaned Grandpa, belching loudly.
'Your problem is, you never can refuse a second helping', said Grandma, 'so it's your own fault'.
Mother grins and asks,
'Would anybody like another mince pie? 'Almighty Framer of the Skies!
O let our pure devotion rise,
Like Incense in thy Sight!
Wrapt in impenetrable Shade
The Texture of our Souls were made
Till thy Command gave light.
The Sun of Glory gleam'd the Ray,
Refin'd the Darkness into Day,
And bid the Vapours fly;
Impell'd by his eternal Love
He left his Palaces above
To cheer our gloomy Sky.
How shall we celebrate the day,
When God appeared in mortal clay,
The mark of worldly scorn;
When the Archangel's heavenly Lays,
Attempted the Redeemer's Praise
And hail'd Salvation's Morn!
A Humble Form the Godhead wore,
The Pains of Poverty he bore,
To gaudy Pomp unknown;
Tho' in a human walk he trod
Still was the Man Almighty God
In Glory all his own.
Despis'd, oppress'd, the Godhead bears
The Torments of this Vale of tears;
Nor bade his Vengeance rise;
He saw the Creatures he had made,
Revile his Power, his Peace invade;
He saw with Mercy's Eyes.
How shall we celebrate his Name,
Who groan'd beneath a Life of shame
In all Afflictions tried!
The Soul is raptured to concieve
A Truth, which Being must believe,
The God Eternal died.
My Soul exert thy Powers, adore,
Upon Devotion's plumage sar
To celebrate the Day;
The God from whom Creation sprung
Shall animate my grateful Tongue;
From him I'll catch the Lay!'Twas Christmastide in Germany,
And in the year of 1850,
And in the city of Berlin, which is most beautiful to the eye;
A poor boy was heard calling out to passers-by.
"Who'll buy my pretty figures," loudly he did cry,
Plaster of Paris figures, but no one inclined to buy;
His clothes were thin and he was nearly frozen with cold,
And wholly starving with hunger, a pitiful sight to behold.
And the twilight was giving place to the shadows of approaching night,
And those who possessed a home were seeking its warmth and light;
And the market square was dark and he began to moan,
When he thought of his hungry brother and sisters at home.
Alas! The poor boy was afraid to go home,
Oh, Heaven! hard was his lot, for money he'd none;
And the tears coursed down his cheeks while loudly he did cry,
"Buy my plaster of Paris figures, oh! please come buy."
It was now quite dark while he stood there,
And the passers-by did at the poor boy stare,
As he stood shivering with cold in the market square;
And with the falling snow he was almost frozen to the bone.
And what would it avail him standing there alone,
Therefore he must make up his mind to return home.
Then he tried to hoist the board and figures on to his head,
And for fear of letting the board fall he was in great dread;
Then he struggled manfully forward without delay,
But alas! He fell on the pavement, oh! horror and dismay.
And his beautiful figures were broken and scattered around him,
And at the sight thereof his eyes grew dim;
And when he regained his feet he stood speechless like one bowed down,
Then the poor boy did fret and frown.
Then the almost despairing boy cried aloud,
And related his distress to the increasing crowd;
Oh! What a pitiful sight on a Christmas eve,
But the dense crowd didn't the poor boy relieve,
Until a poor wood-cutter chanced to come along,
And he asked of the crowd what was wrong;
And twenty ready tongues tells him the sad tale,
And when he heard it the poor boy's fate he did bewail.
And he cried, "Here! Something must be done and quickly too,
Do you hear! Every blessed soul of you;
Come, each one give a few pence to the poor boy,
And it will help to fill his heart with joy."
Then the wood-cutter gave a golden coin away,
So the crowd subscribed largely without delay;
Which made the poor boy's heart feel gay,
Then the wood-cutter thanked the crowd and went away.
So the poor boy did a large subscription receive,
And his brother, mother, and sisters had a happy Christmas eve;
And he thanked the crowd and God that to him the money sent,
And bade the crowd good-night, then went home content.'Twas the night before christmas.
With a blanket of white.
That covered the earth all through the night.
The trees sparkled like diamonds.
With a glitter so bright.
That each little twinkle made its own christmas light.
A hope and a prayer a white christmas would be.
Awaiting the dawn so all could see.
The beauty and joy a white christmas does bring.
To the holiday season as carolers sing.
For twas the night before Christmas.
God answered your prayer.
With a blanket of white.
Placed with God's loving care."So, this is Christmas morning...
everyone is here.
I don't really understand it
cause it isn't very clear,
but Mom and Dad are happy,
there's pretty ribbons everywhere,
lots of things that they call presents
and even paper I can tear.
They keep showing me this new stuff,
balls and books and even soxes...
they don't seem to know how fun it is
just playing with these boxes.When the December comes
When the white snow cover our lands
My heart is filled with joy
because this is the month for Christmas
When the carols are being sung
When the Christmas trees are brighten the house
When the stockings are overflowing under the tree
When everyone's face is glowing to open the gifts
My heart is filled with joy
When the cities are decorated with lights
When the snow flakes are softly falling on my head
When my family dance and walk around streets
When our friends visit our home for dinner
My heart is filled with joy
This blessed Christmas joy within our hearts
and celebrate throughout the world
to observe the birth of Christ
Ravi Sathasivam / Sri Lanka
Copyright ©2004 Ravi SathasivamIn the darkness of the winter
in the evening of the day
Bethlehem was full of wonder
tears of truth you heard them say
in a manger in a stable
at the feet where Mary lay
choirs of Angels started singing
Christ lives on, it's christmas day
Wise men cried he is the saviour
stars were shining clear and bright
heralds spread the birth of Jesus
people came from far and wide
gifts of joy the people praised him
tears of grace you heard them pray
Angels singing in the heavens
Christ lives on, it's christmas day
Hallelujah bells are ringing
hallelujah it's today
we'll rejoice in all the pleasure
as he washed our sins away
we'll take love and understanding
faith and hope and charity
tell the children of the future
Christ lives on, it's christmas day.Christmas is a-comin’ – but
this goose is gettin’ thin…
why do I feel  I’m in the dock
of some unauthorised court of moral judgment
with the prospect of spending New Year
in some condemned cell of
personal opinion remarkably similar to
a Dickensian prison now electrified  in just one wing…?
Forget the whole giving-presents thing – that’s
relatively simple – it’s those bloody
Christmas cards. Sent yours yet?
I’m with the angels on this one –
peace on earth and goodwill to all, uh,
persons… I’m fully paid up on
this one – so – can we stick with that?
or do we have to prove it with
a ready-printed message once a year?
It’s Christmas, dammit – maybe my year-round goodwill
is equalled by the whole other lot of you out there?
in which case, can we just take that as read,
a universal love-in on a level playing field?
It’s the subtext – ‘I’ve forgotten your personal existence
all the year, but look – Goody Two-Shoes is sending this
to show you up – and I’m posting it
so late that short of posting in the press
one of those announcements that say
‘This year Mr and Mrs Smith are sending
a donation to charity in place of the many Christmas cards
they would have sent to their many friends…’ – or
a postcard,
‘Now we’re back from our Antarctic trip,
Happy New Year! ’ you’re too late to reply…’
which means?
Or there's the subtext
'We're sending you a very
religious card with just the faintest hint that
although you may not have noticed it
when we had that blazing row
across the fence which has
simmered on all year, nevertheless
we're really more - well, everything -
than you bastards - however
this puts us, spiritually,
one up...'
‘Darling, Christmas cards – who sent us one
last year? ’ – say no more…
Would
‘No, we hadn’t quite forgotten you
in case you thought we had, and
I bet it’s mutual? ’ cards, tastefully
designed, be more fun? or
'Why should we even know your
name and address if we
hadn't once thought you worth loving and
if so, why should that change? '
I reckon one acid test for those you love
is, only think of sending cards to
those you’d think of phoning on
Christmas Eve or Christmas Day – and then,
do just that – no need to send a card as well?
Oh well, any excuse to say, I love you.. especially
if we mean it...
so, anyone who reads this (apart from those
who only read to check whether they’d
sent us one too)   –
If an individual can claim to share
that universal love which, do we need reminding,
should live our lives for us all the year round,
please feel my universal love
blazing, blazing, towards you…
…‘what’s that, darling? Oh yes, I suppose
we’d better send them one, in case
they think we’d forgotten them… which evidently
we had, hadn’t we…? ’
Have a happy holiday and
a loving New Year full of peace
No really I mean itAre you...........
ready for Christmas? , to decorate the tree,
The sparkling baubles that shine with glee,
The shops are filled with Christmas galore,
But the people are shouting, 'We want more',
Each and every leaf, is covered in snow,
We're still waiting for Santa's Ho! Ho! Ho! ,
The Christmas lights, light up the street,
Presents to open, people to greet,
Look what's under the tall green tree,
Are these presents all for me?I -- In Church
Thou whose birth on earth
Angels sang to men,
While thy stars made mirth,
Saviour, at thy birth,
This day born again;
As this night was bright
With thy cradle-ray,
Very light of light,
Turn the wild world's night
To thy perfect day.
God whose feet made sweet
Those wild ways they trod,
From thy fragrant feet
Staining field and street
With the blood of God;
God whose breast is rest
In the time of strife,
In thy secret breast
Sheltering souls opprest
From the heat of life;
God whose eyes are skies
Love-lit as with spheres
By the lights that rise
To thy watching eyes,
Orbed lights of tears;
God whose heart hath part
In all grief that is,
Was not man's the dart
That went through thine heart,
And the wound not his?
Where the pale souls wail,
Held in bonds of death,
Where all spirits quail,
Came thy Godhead pale
Still from human breath -
Pale from life and strife,
Wan with manhood, came
Forth of mortal life,
Pierced as with a knife,
Scarred as with a flame.
Thou the Word and Lord
In all time and space
Heard, beheld, adored,
With all ages poured
Forth before thy face,
Lord, what worth in earth
Drew thee down to die?
What therein was worth,
Lord, thy death and birth?
What beneath thy sky?
Light above all love
By thy love was lit,
And brought down the Dove
Feathered from above
With the wings of it.
From the height of night,
Was not thine the star
That led forth with might
By no worldly light
Wise men from afar?
Yet the wise men's eyes
Saw thee not more clear
Than they saw thee rise
Who in shepherd's guise
Drew as poor men near.
Yet thy poor endure,
And are with us yet;
Be thy name a sure
Refuge for thy poor
Whom men's eyes forget.
Thou whose ways we praised,
Clear alike and dark,
Keep our works and ways
This and all thy days
Safe inside thine ark.
Who shall keep thy sheep,
Lord, and lose not one?
Who save one shall keep,
Lest the shepherds sleep?
Who beside the Son?
From the grave-deep wave,
From the sword and flame,
Thou, even thou, shalt save
Souls of king and slave
Only by thy Name.
Light not born with morn
Or her fires above,
Jesus virgin-born,
Held of men in scorn,
Turn their scorn to love.
Thou whose face gives grace
As the sun's doth heat,
Let thy sunbright face
Lighten time and space
Here beneath thy feet.
Bid our peace increase,
Thou that madest morn;
Bid oppressions cease;
Bid the night be peace;
Bid the day be born.
II--OUTSIDE CHURCH
We whose days and ways
All the night makes dark,
What day shall we praise
Of these weary days
That our life-drops mark?
We whose mind is blind,
Fed with hope of nought;
Wastes of worn mankind,
Without heart or mind,
Without meat or thought;
We with strife of life
Worn till all life cease,
Want, a whetted knife,
Sharpening strife on strife,
How should we love peace?
Ye whose meat is sweet
And your wine-cup red,
Us beneath your feet
Hunger grinds as wheat,
Grinds to make you bread.
Ye whose night is bright
With soft rest and heat,
Clothed like day with light,
Us the naked night
Slays from street to street.
Hath your God no rod,
That ye tread so light?
Man on us as God,
God as man hath trod,
Trod us down with might.
We that one by one
Bleed from either's rod.
What for us hath done
Man beneath the sun,
What for us hath God?
We whose blood is food
Given your wealth to feed,
From the Christless rood
Red with no God's blood,
But with man's indeed;
How shall we that see
Nightlong overhead
Life, the flowerless tree,
Nailed whereon as we
Were our fathers dead -
We whose ear can hear,
Not whose tongue can name,
Famine, ignorance, fear,
Bleeding tear by tear
Year by year of shame,
Till the dry life die
Out of bloodless breast,
Out of beamless eye,
Out of mouths that cry
Till death feed with rest -
How shall we as ye,
Though ye bid us, pray?
Though ye call, can we
Hear you call, or see,
Though ye show us day?
We whose name is shame,
We whose souls walk bare,
Shall we call the same
God as ye by name,
Teach our lips your prayer?
God, forgive and give,
For His sake who died?
Nay, for ours who live,
How shall we forgive
Thee, then, on our side?
We whose right to light
Heaven's high noon denies,
Whom the blind beams smite
That for you shine bright,
And but burn our eyes,
With what dreams of beams
Shall we build up day,
At what sourceless streams
Seek to drink in dreams
Ere they pass away?
In what street shall meet,
At what market-place,
Your feet and our feet,
With one goal to greet,
Having run one race?
What one hope shall ope
For us all as one
One same horoscope,
Where the soul sees hope
That outburns the sun?
At what shrine what wine,
At what board what bread,
Salt as blood or brine,
Shall we share in sign
How we poor were fed?
In what hour what power
Shall we pray for morn,
If your perfect hour,
When all day bears flower,
Not for us is born?
III--BEYOND CHURCH
Ye that weep in sleep,
Souls and bodies bound,
Ye that all night keep
Watch for change, and weep
That no change is found;
Ye that cry and die,
And the world goes on
Without ear or eye,
And the days go by
Till all days are gone;
Man shall do for you,
Men the sons of man,
What no God would do
That they sought unto
While the blind years ran.
Brotherhood of good,
Equal laws and rights,
Freedom, whose sweet food
Feeds the multitude
All their days and nights
With the bread full-fed
Of her body blest
And the soul's wine shed
From her table spread
Where the world is guest,
Mingling me and thee,
When like light of eyes
Flashed through thee and me
Truth shall make us free,
Liberty make wise;
These are they whom day
Follows and gives light
Whence they see to slay
Night, and burn away
All the seed of night.
What of thine and mine,
What of want and wealth,
When one faith is wine
For my heart and thine
And one draught is health?
For no sect elect
Is the soul's wine poured
And her table decked;
Whom should man reject
From man's common board?
Gods refuse and choose,
Grudge and sell and spare;
None shall man refuse,
None of all men lose,
None leave out of care.
No man's might of sight
Knows that hour before;
No man's hand hath might
To put back that light
For one hour the more.
Not though all men call,
Kneeling with void hands,
Shall they see light fall
Till it come for all
Tribes of men and lands.
No desire brings fire
Down from heaven by prayer,
Though man's vain desire
Hang faith's wind-struck lyre
Out in tuneless air.
One hath breath and saith
What the tune shall be -
Time, who puts his breath
Into life and death,
Into earth and sea.
To and fro years flow,
Fill their tides and ebb,
As his fingers go
Weaving to and fro
One unfinished web.
All the range of change
Hath its bounds therein,
All the lives that range
All the byways strange
Named of death or sin.
Star from far to star
Speaks, and white moons wake,
Watchful from afar
What the night's ways are
For the morning's sake.
Many names and flames
Pass and flash and fall,
Night-begotten names,
And the night reclaims,
As she bare them, all.
But the sun is one,
And the sun's name Right;
And when light is none
Saving of the sun,
All men shall have light.
All shall see and be
Parcel of the morn;
Ay, though blind were we,
None shall choose but see
When that day is born.Sadie slumped in the chair
at her favorite table at Mel's.
Merry Christmas.  Yeah, so what?
Six empty glasses were lined up
in front of her on the chipped Formica.
The glass that was still in her hand she
studied with the same intensity
a demented gypsy might upon seeing
her favorite crystal ball suddenly deflated.
The lines in her face met in an intricate pattern
just above her penciled brows as she pondered
her situation through the booze fog.
Damn barkeep.  Damn twinkle lights hurt my eyes.
He had to put twinkle lights in here
as if anyone wants to see the graffiti better,
she cackled to herself.  She watched the room
with its new look, blink red, then green, then yellow
through the gently swirling cigarette smoke.
She threw back another drink.
Made her want to puke, that's all it did.
Who cares if it's Christmas Eve?
Every day is the same to me, she thought.
Just a workin' woman tryin' to make a buck.
Bad enough, everywhere you go bells ringin’
on corners, snow and slush in every step,
and all that fancy decoratin' to remind you you’re alone.
Mer-ry Christ-my-ass.
Cash registers ringin' big time, too,
she thought with a bitter smile.
Damn.  Business was slow this time of year.
Every john she knew was home
playing Santy Claus with the kiddies
and Husband Of The Year with the wife.
What a joke, she thought.  What they really want,
I give 'em.  What they really need, I give 'em.
They're all the same.  What a friggin' joke, she thought.
Yeah, only the joke’s on me.
She raised a finger at the barkeep for another drink.
A shadow fell through the swirling smoke
to settle eerily on the table, blinking through
the empty glasses in front of her.
She looked up to see one of her regulars standing there.
Finally!  She thought to herself.  'Bout time, too.
Already a plan had formed in her mind
to do him fast and then get some shut-eye.
She gave him her best crimson smile.
The john leaned down and handed her a folded bill.
With a sad smile he said, 'Go home, Sadie.
This one's on me, and, Merry Christmas to you.'
Then he turned and walked back through
the swirled and blinking smoke and out
into the street with her staring slack-jawed
at the closing door behind him.
Damn.  If that don't beat all.
As she unfolded the fifty dollar bill,
she pushed back her chair, got up
from the table and for the first time in years,
Sadie’s face softened into a genuine smile.But if they'd give us toys and twice the stuff most
parents splurge on the average kid, orphans, I submit, need more than enough;
in fact, stacks wrapped with our names nearly hid
the tree: these sparkling allotments yearly
guaranteed a lack of--what?--family?--
I knew exactly what it was I missed as we were lined up number rank and file:
to share my pals' tearing open their piles
meant sealing the self, the child that wanted
to scream at all You stole those gifts from me;
whose birthday is worth such words? The wish-lists
they'd made us write out in May lay granted
against starred branches. I said I'm sorry."I heard the bells on Christmas Day
Their old familiar carols play,
And wild and sweet
The words repeat
Of peace on earth, good-will to men!
And thought how, as the day had come,
The belfries of all Christendom
Had rolled along
The unbroken song
Of peace on earth, good-will to men!
Till, ringing, singing on its way,
The world revolved from night to day,
A voice, a chime
A chant sublime
Of peace on earth, good-will to men!
Then from each black accursed mouth
The cannon thundered in the South,
And with the sound
The carols drowned
Of peace on earth, good-will to men!
It was as if an earthquake rent
The hearth-stones of a continent,
And made forlorn
The households born
Of peace on earth, good-will to men!
And in despair I bowed my head;
"There is no peace on earth," I said;
"For hate is strong,
And mocks the song
Of peace on earth, good-will to men!"
Then pealed the bells more loud and deep:
"God is not dead; nor doth he sleep!
The Wrong shall fail,
The Right prevail,
With peace on earth, good-will to men!"I don't
(normally)
do this
you understand
but I am
staring at her
chest
in particular
where her ample breasts
meet in a more than ample
cleavage.
Did not this
awesome architecture
of female flesh this
confluence of mammaries
just go
...tweet?
Yes...there
it is
for all to see
in a daring low-cut top
a robin redbreast
in her cleavage
making all who see it
...smile.
A tiny broken
robin
with an injured wing
(poor thing)
nestling between
her breasts
(well it is
Christmas after all) .
She feeds it
every hour
with a tiny
dropper
as it nestles
snuggily.
'Peep...peep! '
it pipes up
every so
often.
Come Christmas
she gives it
the gift
of its
freedom
nothing but
blue skies
all day long
it returns
to its
human
as if it were
a living
Christmas  card.The kings they came from out the south,
All dressed in ermine fine;
They bore Him gold and chrysoprase,
And gifts of precious wine.
The shepherds came from out the north,
Their coats were brown and old;
They brought Him little new-born lambs--
They had not any gold.
The wise men came from out the east,
And they were wrapped in white;
The star that led them all the way
Did glorify the night.
The angels came from heaven high,
And they were clad with wings;
And lo, they brought a joyful song
The host of heaven sings.
The kings they knocked upon the door,
The wise men entered in,
The shepherds followed after them
To hear the song begin.
The angels sang through all the night
Until the rising sun,
But little Jesus fell asleep
Before the song was done.What sudden blaze of song
Spreads o'er th' expanse of Heaven?
In waves of light it thrills along,
Th' angelic signal given -
"Glory to God!" from yonder central fire
Flows out the echoing lay beyond the starry choir;
Like circles widening round
Upon a clear blue river,
Orb after orb, the wondrous sound
Is echoed on for ever:
"Glory to God on high, on earth be peace,
And love towards men of love--salvation and release."
Yet stay, before thou dare
To join that festal throng;
Listen and mark what gentle air
First stirred the tide of song;
'Tis not, "the Saviour born in David's home,
To Whom for power and health obedient worlds should come:" -
'Tis not, "the Christ the Lord:"
With fixed adoring look
The choir of Angels caught the word,
Nor yet their silence broke:
But when they heard the sign where Christ should be,
In sudden light they shone and heavenly harmony.
Wrapped in His swaddling bands,
And in His manger laid,
The Hope and Glory of all lands
Is come to the world's aid:
No peaceful home upon his cradle smiled,
Guests rudely went and came, where slept the royal Child.
But where Thou dwellest, Lord,
No other thought should be,
Once duly welcomed and adored,
How should I part with Thee?
Bethlehem must lose Thee soon, but Thou wilt grace
The single heart to be Thy sure abiding-place.
Thee, on the bosom laid
Of a pure virgin mind,
In quiet ever, and in shade,
Shepherd and sage may find;
They, who have bowed untaught to Nature's sway,
And they, who follow Truth along her star-paved way.
The pastoral spirits first
Approach Thee, Babe divine,
For they in lowly thoughts are nursed,
Meet for Thy lowly shrine:
Sooner than they should miss where Thou dost dwell,
Angela from Heaven will stoop to guide them to Thy cell.
Still, as the day comes round
For Thee to be revealed,
By wakeful shepherds Thou art found,
Abiding in the field.
All through the wintry heaven and chill night air,
In music and in light Thou dawnest on their prayer.
O faint not ye for fear -
What though your wandering sheep,
Reckless of what they see and hear,
Lie lost in wilful sleep?
High Heaven in mercy to your sad annoy
Still greets you with glad tidings of immortal joy.
Think on th' eternal home,
The Saviour left for you;
Think on the Lord most holy, come
To dwell with hearts untrue:
So shall ye tread untired His pastoral ways,
And in the darkness sing your carol of high praise.Christmas is so merry, at this special time of year
Christmas is extraordinary, as long as you are here
Inside my heart I’ll jump and dance, excited just to see
The sparkling beauty in your glance, upon this Christmas eve
We’ll cuddle tight and wait the night, for Santa Clause to come
We’ll hope and dream a million dreams, and wake up with the sun
Then Christmas I will look at you, and that’s when I will say
“Oh darling all my dreams came true, with you on Christmas day! ”
So hang the holly and the lights, let out your Christmas cheer
And stack the presents to new heights, it comes but once a yearOh sharp diamond, my mother!
I could not count the cost
of all your faces, your moods-
that present that I lost.
Sweet girl, my deathbed,
my jewel-fingered lady,
your portrait flickered all night
by the bulbs of the tree.
Your face as calm as the moon
over a mannered sea,
presided at the family reunion,
the twelve grandchildren
you used to wear on your wrist,
a three-months-old baby,
a fat check you never wrote,
the red-haired toddler who danced the twist,
your aging daughters, each one a wife,
each one talking to the family cook,
each one avoiding your portrait,
each one aping your life.
Later, after the party,
after the house went to bed,
I sat up drinking the Christmas brandy,
watching your picture,
letting the tree move in and out of focus.
The bulbs vibrated.
They were a halo over your forehead.
Then they were a beehive,
blue, yellow, green, red;
each with its own juice, each hot and alive
stinging your face. But you did not move.
I continued to watch, forcing myself,
waiting, inexhaustible, thirty-five.
I wanted your eyes, like the shadows
of two small birds, to change.
But they did not age.
The smile that gathered me in, all wit,
all charm, was invincible.
Hour after hour I looked at your face
but I could not pull the roots out of it.
Then I watched how the sun hit your red sweater, your withered neck,
your badly painted flesh-pink skin.
You who led me by the nose, I saw you as you were.
Then I thought of your body
as one thinks of murder-
Then I said Mary-
Mary, Mary, forgive me
and then I touched a present for the child,
the last I bred before your death;
and then I touched my breast
and then I touched the floor
and then my breast again as if,
somehow, it were one of yours.Alone--with one fair star for company,
The loveliest star among the hosts of night,
While the grey tide ebbs with the ebbing light--
I pace along the darkening wintry sea.
Now round the yule-log and the glittering tree
Twinkling with festive tapers, eyes as bright
Sparkle with Christmas joys and young delight,
As each one gathers to his family.
But I--a waif on earth where'er I roam--
Uprooted with life's bleeding hopes and fears
From that one heart that was my heart's sole home,
Feel the old pang pierce through the severing years,
And as I think upon the years to come
That fair star trembles through my falling tears.When Christmas bells are swinging above the fields of snow,
We hear sweet voices ringing from lands of long ago.
And etched on vacant places,
Are half forgotten faces
Of friends we used to cherish, and loves we used to know –
When Christmas bells are swinging above the fields of snow.
Uprising from the ocean of the present surging near,
We see, with strange emotion that is not free from fear,
That continent Elysian
Long vanished from our vision,
Youth’s lovely lost Atlantis, so mourned for and so dear,
Uprising from the ocean of the present surging near.
When gloomy gray Decembers are roused to Christmas mirth,
The dullest life remembers there once was joy on earth,
And draws from youth’s recesses
Some memory it possesses,
And, gazing through the lens of time, exaggerates its worth,
When gloomy gray December is roused to Christmas mirth.
When hanging up the holly or mistletoe, I wis
Each heart recalls some folly that lit the world with bliss.
Not all the seers and sages
With wisdom of the ages
Can give the mind such pleasure as memories of that kiss
When hanging up the holly or mistletoe, I wis.
For life was made for loving, and love alone repays,
As passing years are proving for all of Time’s sad ways.
There lies a sting in pleasure,
And fame gives shallow measure,
And wealth is but a phantom that mocks the restless days,
For life was made for loving, and only loving pays.
When Christmas bells are pelting the air with silver chimes,
And silences are melting to soft, melodious rhymes,
Let Love, the worlds beginning,
End fear and hate and sinning;
Let Love, the God Eternal, be worshipped in all climes
When Christmas bells are pelting the air with silver chimes.Along the Woodford road there comes a noise
Of wheels, and Mr. Rounding's neat post-chaise
Struggles along, drawn by a pair of bays,
With Reverend Mr. Crow and six small boys,
Who ever and anon declare their joys
With trumping horns and juvenile huzzas,
At going home to spend their Christmas days,
And changing learning's pains for pleasure's toys.
Six weeks elapse, and down the Woodford way
A heavy coach drags six more heavy souls,
But no glad urchins shout, no trumpets bray,
The carriage makes a halt, the gate-bell tolls,
And little boys walk in as dull and mum
As six new scholars to the Deaf and Dumb!O DAY, the crown and crest of all the year!
Thou comest not to us amid the snows,
But midmost of the reign of the red rose;
Our hearts have not yet lost the ancient cheer
That filled our fathers’ simple hearts when sere
The leaves fell, and the winds of Winter froze
The waters wan, and carols at the close
Of yester-eve sang the Child Christ anear.
And so we hail thee with a greeting high,
And drain to thee a draught of our own wine,
Forgetful not beneath this bluer sky
Of that old mother-land beyond the brine,
Whose gray skies gladden as thou drawest nigh,
O day of God’s good-will the seal and sign!Dim dawn behind the tamerisks -- the sky is saffron-yellow --
As the women in the village grind the corn,
And the parrots seek the riverside, each calling to his fellow
That the Day, the staring Easter Day is born.
Oh the white dust on the highway! Oh the stenches in the byway!
Oh the clammy fog that hovers
And at Home they're making merry 'neath the white and scarlet berry --
What part have India's exiles in their mirth?
Full day begind the tamarisks -- the sky is blue and staring --
As the cattle crawl afield beneath the yoke,
And they bear One o'er the field-path, who is past all hope or caring,
To the ghat below the curling wreaths of smoke.
Call on Rama, going slowly, as ye bear a brother lowly --
Call on Rama -- he may hear, perhaps, your voice!
With our hymn-books and our psalters we appeal to other altars,
And to-day we bid "good Christian men rejoice!"
High noon behind the tamarisks -- the sun is hot above us --
As at Home the Christmas Day is breaking wan.
They will drink our healths at dinner -- those who tell us how they love us,
And forget us till another year be gone!
Oh the toil that knows no breaking! Oh the
Heimweh,
ceaseless, aching!
Oh the black dividing Sea and alien Plain!
Youth was cheap -- wherefore we sold it.
Gold was good -- we hoped to hold it,
And to-day we know the fulness of our gain.
Grey dusk behind the tamarisks -- the parrots fly together --
As the sun is sinking slowly over Home;
And his last ray seems to mock us shackled in a lifelong tether.
That drags us back how'er so far we roam.
Hard her service, poor her payment -- she is ancient, tattered raiment --
India, she the grim Stepmother of our kind.
If a year of life be lent her, if her temple's shrine we enter,
The door is hut -- we may not look behind.
Black night behind the tamarisks -- the owls begin their chorus --
As the conches from the temple scream and bray.
With the fruitless years behind us, and the hopeless years before us,
Let us honor, O my brother, Christmas Day!
Call a truce, then, to our labors -- let us feast with friends and neighbors,
And be merry as the custom of our caste;
For if "faint and forced the laughter," and if sadness follow after,
We are richer by one mocking Christmas past.Christmas is really
for the children.
Especially for children
who like animals, stables,
stars and babies wrapped
in swaddling clothes.
Then there are wise men,
kings in fine robes,
humble shepherds and a
hint of rich perfume.
Easter is not really
for the children
unless accompanied by
a cream filled egg.
It has whips, blood, nails,
a spear and allegations
of body snatching.
It involves politics, God
and the sins of the world.
It is not good for people
of a nervous disposition.
They would do better to
think on rabbits, chickens
and the first snowdrop
of spring.
Or they'd do better to
wait for a re-run of
Christmas without asking
too many questions about
what Jesus did when he grew up
or whether there's any connection.Dear, look to the Christmas angel
atop your Christmas tree.
Then all your wishes will come true,
When she smiles down on you.
Listen to the bells of Christmas
ringing throughout the land
The church, the school, and sleigh bells, too,
sounds of love...old...yet...new.
In the middle of falling snow and sparkling crystal rain
when winds blow cold against the frosted window pane
there's a pleasant warmth felt everywhere in the merry Christmas glow
Since all your Christmas blessings dwell
as spirits in your heart;
become as Santa full of mirth.
Spread peace and joy on earth.Coloured lights and tinsel.
Hang from almost every branch.
Card with little jingles.
Also make their stance.
An angel stands on the top.
Looks down with peace and good will.
The tree is almost ready now.
To stand by the window sill.
14 Nov 1978Christmas day arrives.
Stockings are first to be explored.
Oranges, apples and sweets.
On their beds adorn.
Mum and Dad are awoke,
at some early hour.
By children’s faces,
filled with laughter and smile.
Saying their presents,
they wish to explore.
Coloured paper and ribbons,
scattered here and there across the floor.
Boys with cars and girls with dolls,
seem to be everywhere.
As for the toys in the shops,
that were wanted, but not bought.
In the excitement of it all.
They are not missed
and very soon forgot.
14 Nov 1978December twenty-first
we gather at the white Church festooned
red and green, the tree flashing
green-red lights beside the altar.
After the children of Sunday School
recite Scripture, sing songs,
and scrape out solos,
they retire to dress for the finale,
to perform the pageant
again: Mary and Joseph kneeling
cradleside, Three Kings,
shepherds and shepherdesses. Their garments
are bathrobes with mothholes,
cut down from the Church's ancestors.
Standing short and long,
they stare in all directions for mothers,
sisters and brothers,
giggling and waving in recognition,
and at the South Danbury
Church, a moment before Santa
arrives with her ho-hos
and bags of popcorn, in the half-dark
of whole silence, God
enters the world as a newborn again.christmas list
and christmas wish
all apart of the christmas theme
without any of it its like there is no meaning
but im here to tell
im here to yell
that christmas is not all about you
christmas she get you in the spirit for what you need to do
help the poor
help the needy
help the ones that dont get this or that
help the ones that have that and this
christmas is not all about you
if i need to yell or scream
to tell you what christmas means
i will
i promise
because christmas is not all about me
its not all about you
just what you need to doHow grace this hallowed day?
Shall happy bells, from yonder ancient spire,
Send their glad greetings to each Christmas fire
Round which the children play?
Alas! for many a moon,
That tongueless tower hath cleaved the Sabbath air,
Mute as an obelisk of ice, aglare
Beneath an Arctic noon.
Shame to the foes that drown
Our psalms of worship with their impious drum,
The sweetest chimes in all the land lie dumb
In some far rustic town.
There, let us think, they keep,
Of the dead Yules which here beside the sea
They've ushered in with old-world, English glee,
Some echoes in their sleep.
How shall we grace the day?
With feast, and song, and dance, and antique sports,
And shout of happy children in the courts,
And tales of ghost and fay?
Is there indeed a door,
Where the old pastimes, with their lawful noise,
And all the merry round of Christmas joys,
Could enter as of yore?
Would not some pallid face
Look in upon the banquet, calling up
Dread shapes of battles in the wassail cup,
And trouble all the place?
How could we bear the mirth,
While some loved reveler of a year ago
Keeps his mute Christmas now beneath the snow,
In cold Virginian earth?
How shall we grace the day?
Ah! let the thought that on this holy morn
The Prince of Peace -- the Prince of Peace was born,
Employ us, while we pray!
Pray for the peace which long
Hath left this tortured land, and haply now
Holds its white court on some far mountain's brow,
There hardly safe from wrong!
Let every sacred fane
Call its sad votaries to the shrine of God,
And, with the cloister and the tented sod,
Join in one solemn strain!
With pomp of Roman form,
With the grave ritual brought from England's shore,
And with the simple faith which asks no more
Than that the heart be warm!
He, who, till time shall cease,
Will watch that earth, where once, not all in vain,
He died to give us peace, may not disdain
A prayer whose theme is -- peace.
Perhaps ere yet the Spring
Hath died into the Summer, over all
The land, the peace of His vast love shall fall,
Like some protecting wing.
Oh, ponder what it means!
Oh, turn the rapturous thought in every way!
Oh, give the vision and the fancy play,
And shape the coming scenes!
Peace in the quiet dales,
Made rankly fertile by the blood of men,
Peace in the woodland, and the lonely glen,
Peace in the peopled vales!
Peace in the crowded town,
Peace in a thousand fields of waving grain,
Peace in the highway and the flowery lane,
Peace on the wind-swept down!
Peace on the farthest seas,
Peace in our sheltered bays and ample streams,
Peace wheresoe'er our starry garland gleams,
And peace in every breeze!
Peace on the whirring marts,
Peace where the scholar thinks, the hunter roams,
Peace, God of Peace! peace, peace, in all our homes,
And peace in all our hearts!Christmas is come and every hearth
Makes room to give him welcome now
E'en want will dry its tears in mirth
And crown him wi' a holly bough
Tho tramping 'neath a winters sky
O'er snow track paths and rhymey stiles
The huswife sets her spining bye
And bids him welcome wi' her smiles
Each house is swept the day before
And windows stuck wi' evergreens
The snow is beesom'd from the door
And comfort crowns the cottage scenes
Gilt holly wi' its thorny pricks
And yew and box wi' berrys small
These deck the unus'd candlesticks
And pictures hanging by the wall
Neighbours resume their anual cheer
Wishing wi smiles and spirits high
Clad christmass and a happy year
To every morning passer bye
Milk maids their christmass journeys go
Accompanyd wi favourd swain
And childern pace the crumping snow
To taste their grannys cake again
Hung wi the ivys veining bough
The ash trees round the cottage farm
Are often stript of branches now
The cotters christmass hearth to warm
He swings and twists his hazel band
And lops them off wi sharpend hook
And oft brings ivy in his hand
To decorate the chimney nook
Old winter whipes his ides bye
And warms his fingers till he smiles
Where cottage hearths are blazing high
And labour resteth from his toils
Wi merry mirth beguiling care
Old customs keeping wi the day
Friends meet their christmass cheer to share
And pass it in a harmless way
Old customs O I love the sound
However simple they may be
What ere wi time has sanction found
Is welcome and is dear to me
Pride grows above simplicity
And spurns it from her haughty mind
And soon the poets song will be
The only refuge they can find
The shepherd now no more afraid
Since custom doth the chance bestow
Starts up to kiss the giggling maid
Beneath the branch of mizzletoe
That neath each cottage beam is seen
Wi pearl-like-berrys shining gay
The shadow still of what hath been
Which fashion yearly fades away
And singers too a merry throng
At early morn wi simple skill
Yet imitate the angels song
And chant their christmass ditty still
And mid the storm that dies and swells
By fits-in humings softly steals
The music of the village bells
Ringing round their merry peals
And when its past a merry crew
Bedeckt in masks and ribbons gay
The 'Morrice danse' their sports renew
And act their winter evening play
The clown-turnd-kings for penny praise
Storm wi the actors strut and swell
And harlequin a laugh to raise
Wears his hump back and tinkling bell
And oft for pence and spicy ale
Wi winter nosgays pind before
The wassail singer tells her tale
And drawls her christmass carrols oer
The prentice boy wi ruddy face
And ryhme bepowderd dancing locks
From door to door wi happy pace
Runs round to claim his 'christmass box'
The block behind the fire is put
To sanction customs old desires
And many a faggots bands are cut
For the old farmers christmass fires
Where loud tongd gladness joins the throng
And winter meets the warmth of may
Feeling by times the heat too strong
And rubs his shins and draws away
While snows the window panes bedim
The fire curls up a sunny charm
Where creaming oer the pitchers rim
The flowering ale is set to warm
Mirth full of joy as summer bees
Sits there its pleasures to impart
While childern tween their parents knees
Sing scraps of carrols oer by heart
And some to view the winter weathers
Climb up the window seat wi glee
Likening the snow to falling feathers
In fancys infant extacy
Laughing wi superstitious love
Oer visions wild that youth supplyes
Of people pulling geese above
And keeping christmass in the skyes
As tho the homstead trees were drest
In lieu of snow wi dancing leaves
As. tho the sundryd martins nest
Instead of ides hung the eaves
The childern hail the happy day
As if the snow was april grass
And pleasd as neath the warmth of may
Sport oer the water froze to glass
Thou day of happy sound and mirth
That long wi childish memory stays
How blest around the cottage hearth
I met thee in my boyish days
Harping wi raptures dreaming joys
On presents that thy coming found
The welcome sight of little toys
The christmass gifts of comers round
'The wooden horse wi arching head
Drawn upon wheels around the room
The gilded coach of ginger bread
And many colord sugar plumb
Gilt coverd books for pictures sought
Or storys childhood loves to tell
Wi many a urgent promise bought
To get tomorrows lesson well
And many a thing a minutes sport
Left broken on the sanded floor
When we woud leave our play and court
Our parents promises for more
Tho manhood bids such raptures dye
And throws such toys away as vain
Yet memory loves to turn her eye
And talk such pleasures oer again
Around the glowing hearth at night
The harmless laugh and winter tale
Goes round-while parting friends delight
To toast each other oer their ale
The cotter oft wi quiet zeal
Will musing oer his bible lean
While in the dark the lovers steal
To kiss and toy behind the screen
The yule cake dotted thick wi plumbs
Is on each supper table found
And cats look up for falling crumbs
Which greedy childern litter round
And huswifes sage stuffd seasond chine
Long hung in chimney nook to drye
And boiling eldern berry wine
To drink the christmas eves 'good bye'Hail the coming holiday,
With a hearty joyous feast,
And drive away sorrow, friends,
For a day or two at least;
Lay all business cares aside,
And make the world resound,
With music and festivals
Throughout our merry town.
May every person in our land
A voice to heaven raise,
And welcome in Christ's birthday,
With everlasting praise;
Praise Him who died upon the cross,
Our sinning souls to save,
The great Redeemer, Christ our lord,
That dwells beyond the grave.
We should meet in reverence,
And God's commands obey,
And make each other happy
Throughout the holiday;
And not forget the orphans,
The aged or the blind,
The rich, the poor and needy,
To each one pray be kind.
May every parent in the land,
Hail Christmas day with joy,
And not forget a present for
Their little girls and boys;
They are looking forth anxiously,
For Santa Claus to come
And fill their little stockings,
With toys and sugar-plumbs.
God grant a merry Christmas eve
And happy Christmas day,
To every person in the land,
At home or far away.
That festive day will soon be here,
Alas, will soon be o'er;
Welcome, welcome the coming of
Christmas day once more.My goodness, my goodness,
It's Christmas again.
The bells are all ringing.
I do not know when
I've been so excited.
The tree is all fixed,
The candles are lighted,
The pudding is mixed.
The wreath's on the door
And the carols are sung,
The presents are wrapped
And the holly is hung.
The turkey is sitting
All safe in its pan,
And I am behaving
As calm as I can.I try not to think about June
In December,
I try not to remember
People and places, beautiful faces
That have escaped my view.
Christmas presents
Given without love
Become landfill sadness;
And I feel, this year,
Every emotion
Is being discarded en masse.
You gave me a gift of tears,
That one I’m still holding onto.Christmas roses white as milk,
Petals soft, and smooth as silk,
Adding charm to Christmas Fare
Your beauty is beyond compare.
Christmas roses sweet and white
Look exquisite by candlelight.
Standing by the Christmas tree
Beautiful, pure, simplicity.Christmas is coming
We will buy presents galore
The bailiffs might call.
Silent, Holy Night
Sing this Carol, for it rhymes
Carol said no thanks!
A Christmas Turkey
It's Gobble, gobble, gobble
A very tasty meal.
©   Ernestine NorthoverPut up a splash of Christmas spirit
Put in a dash of love
Stir up the sounds ‘till you can hear it
Sing out to those you love
Christmas, Christmas, you can fill me
Up with Christmas cheer
Christmas, Christmas, you fulfill my
Spirit every year
Toss up a mash of extra magic
Toss in a batch of love
Let up the lights with random logic
Look out for sleighs above
Santa, Santa, can I have it
Please I’ve been so good
Santa, Santa, please I beg you
Please oh if you would
Get up a clash of Christmas color
Get in a catch of love
Set up and show the shiny decor
Shout out with Christmas love
Listen, listen, you can see it
Spirit everywhere
Listen, listen, you can do it
Spread it out and share
Put up a splash of Christmas spirit
Put in a dash of love
Stir up the sounds ‘till you can hear it
Sing out to those you love
Christmas, Christmas, you can fill me
Up with Christmas cheer
Christmas, Christmas, you fulfill my
Spirit every yearCars and bustle, rush and hustle,
trolley dashing tempers clashing
Christmas cheer to much beer
mistletoe, plastic snow
christmas holly 'lets be jolly'
christmas pud, do you think we should?
Turkey, stuffing, granny puffing,
fairy lights, men in tights
pantomimes, palour games
christmas cake, belly ache
as yet another piece you take!
Boxing day, in-laws stay!
Endless repeats on the telly, and again from your belly!
No more hassle...the odd brussel!
christmas farce....
A pain in the arse!'Christmas cheer
is not found here,
children, we are too poor.
What's left instead,
moldy and stale bread,
and no fancy wreaths on our door.
We'll have no tree
but something came to me
and it'll cure those blues of yours.'
Then Mother took lights,
and at tree height,
afixed them from ceiling to floor
Criss-crossed and V-ed
yes, it turned out to be
the most beautiful tree evermore...
And with that act,
I knew for a fact,
Mother deserved to be adored!
Then Father came in
reeking of his gin
looked upon this and was floored!
His face ghastly,
turned bitter and nasty,
Christmas lights from the wall he tore
'I'll have none of this! '
and he said with a hiss,
'Woman, you are a stupid wh*re.'
And he left a mess
kinda like us, I guess
as we all cried of Christmas's of yore
Still, as Mother was blue
She said, 'This was meant for you'
And the lights went on the wall once more
She said, 'Don't hate,
Father's anger will abate...
He is only sad that we are so poor.'
This happened to be,
Christmas of 1983,
the saddest of that I am sure.
But what I've learned...
love given is love returned
and happiness is something to fight for.It seems the theme this yuletide.
As thought up by some folks,
Is "Let's keep Christ in Christmas",
Say, are they making jokes?
I've always thought from childhood,
That this was his birth date,
Or so that's why my mother said,
Our folks did celebrate,
Am I all wrong? Is this all new?
Or are we coming back,
From down the road where we turned off,
And maybe lost some track.
I find that if I close my mind,
To worldly pleasures here,
That Christ IS Christmas all the time,
Each day throughout each year.
But if by chance you've lost your way,
Then wash the slate up clean,
Give credit to those folks who thought,
Of this years, "Yuletide theme."
But when all of this is over,
And yuletide lights go out,
Let's NOT keep CHRIST in Christmas,
But each day from here on out.I hung the decorations
and I trimmed the christmas tree.
What really means the most of all
is that you're here with me.
You make the season special
without spending lots of dough.
Your neverending friendship
means more than you could know.
I can't say what it means to me
to share this special time.
I thank God for another year
that He's let you be mine.
Let's deck the halls and celebrate
with family and friends.
But, lets take time for you and me
before the season ends.I count my treasures o'er with care.--
The little toy my darling knew,
A little sock of faded hue,
A little lock of golden hair.
Long years ago this holy time,
My little one--my all to me--
Sat robed in white upon my knee
And heard the merry Christmas chime.
"Tell me, my little golden-head,
If Santa Claus should come to-night,
What shall he bring my baby bright,--
What treasure for my boy?" I said.
And then he named this little toy,
While in his round and mournful eyes
There came a look of sweet surprise,
That spake his quiet, trustful joy.
And as he lisped his evening prayer
He asked the boon with childish grace;
Then, toddling to the chimney-place,
He hung this little stocking there.
That night, while lengthening shadows crept,
I saw the white-winged angels come
With singing to our lowly home
And kiss my darling as he slept.
They must have heard his little prayer,
For in the morn, with rapturous face,
He toddled to the chimney-place,
And found this little treasure there.
They came again one Christmas-tide,--
That angel host, so fair and white!
And singing all that glorious night,
They lured my darling from my side.
A little sock, a little toy,
A little lock of golden hair,
The Christmas music on the air,
A watching for my baby boy!
But if again that angel train
And golden-head come back for me,
To bear me to Eternity,
My watching will not be in vain!
1879.'Tis true, of old the unchanging sun
His daily course refused to run,
The pale moon hurrying to the west
Paused at a mortal's call, to aid
The avenging storm of war, that laid
Seven guilty realms at once on earth's defiled breast.
But can it be, one suppliant tear
Should stay the ever-moving sphere?
A sick man's lowly-breathed sigh,
When from the world he turns away,
And hides his weary eyes to pray,
Should change your mystic dance, ye wanderers of the sky?
We too, O Lord, would fain command,
As then, Thy wonder-working hand,
And backward force the waves of Time,
That now so swift and silent bear
Our restless bark from year to year;
Help us to pause and mourn to Thee our tale of crime.
Bright hopes, that erst the bosom warmed,
And vows, too pure to be performed,
And prayers blown wide by gales of care; -
These, and such faint half-waking dreams,
Like stormy lights on mountain streams,
Wavering and broken all, athwart the conscience glare.
How shall we 'scape the o'erwhelming Past?
Can spirits broken, joys o'ercast,
And eyes that never more may smile:  -
Can these th' avenging bolt delay,
Or win us back one little day
The bitterness of death to soften and beguile?
Father and Lover of our souls!
Though darkly round Thine anger rolls,
Thy sunshine smiles beneath the gloom,
Thou seek'st to warn us, not confound,
Thy showers would pierce the hardened ground
And win it to give out its brightness and perfume.
Thou smil'st on us in wrath, and we,
E'en in remorse, would smile on Thee,
The tears that bathe our offered hearts,
We would not have them stained and dim,
But dropped from wings of seraphim,
All glowing with the light accepted love imparts.
Time's waters will not ebb, nor stay;
Power cannot change them, but Love may;
What cannot be, Love counts it done.
Deep in the heart, her searching view
Can read where Faith is fixed and true,
Through shades of setting life can see Heaven's work begun.
O Thou, who keep'st the Key of Love,
Open Thy fount, eternal Dove,
And overflow this heart of mine,
Enlarging as it fills with Thee,
Till in one blaze of charity
Care and remorse are lost, like motes in light divine;
Till as each moment wafts us higher,
By every gush of pure desire,
And high-breathed hope of joys above,
By every secret sigh we heave,
Whole years of folly we outlive,
In His unerring sight, who measures Life by Love.Hark! the herald Angels sing,
Glory to the new-born King,
Peace on earth and mercy mild,
God and sinner reconcil'd.
Hark! the herald Angels sing,
Glory to the new-born King.
Joyful all ye nations rise,
Join the triumph of the skies,
With the angelic host proclaim,
Christ is born in Bethlehem.
Hark! the herald Angels sing,
Glory to the new-born King.
Christ by highest Heaven ador'd,
Christ the everlasting Lord!
Late in time behold him come,
Offspring of a virgin's womb.
Hark! the herald Angels sing,
Glory to the new-born King.
Veiled in flesh the Godhead see,
Hail, the incarnate Deity,
Pleased as Man with man to dwell,
Jesus our Immanuel!
Hark! the herald Angels sing,
Glory to the new-born King.
Hail the Heaven-born Prince of Peace!
Hail the Sun of Righteousness!
Light and life to all he brings,
Risen with healing in his wings.
Hark! the herald Angels sing,
Glory to the new-born King.
Mild he lays his glory by,
Born that man no more may die,
Born to raise the sons of earth,
Born to give them second birth.
Hark! the herald Angels sing,
Glory to the new-born King.The first Nowell the Angel did say
Was to three poor Shepherds in the fields as they lay;
In fields where they lay keeping their sheep
In a cold winter's night that was so deep.
Nowell, Nowell, Nowell, Nowell,
Born is the King of Israel.
They looked up and saw a Star
Shining in the East beyond them far,
And to the earth it gave great light,
And so it continued both day and night.
Nowell, Nowell, Nowell, Nowell,
Born is the King of Israel.
And by the light of that same Star,
Three Wise Men came from country far;
To seek for a King was their intent,
And to follow the Star wherever it went.
Nowell, Nowell, Nowell, Nowell,
Born is the King of Israel.
This Star drew nigh to the North West,
O'er Bethlehem it took its rest,
And there it did both stop and stay
Right over the place where Jesus lay.
Nowell, Nowell, Nowell, Nowell,
Born is the King of Israel.
Then did they know assuredly
Within the house the King did lie:
One entered in then for to see,
And found the Babe in poverty.
Nowell, Nowell, Nowell, Nowell,
Born is the King of Israel.
Then enter'd in those Wise Men three
Most reverently upon their knee,
And offer'd there in his presence,
Both gold, and myrrh, and frankincense.
Nowell, Nowell, Nowell, Nowell,
Born is the King of Israel.
Between an ox stall and an ass,
This Child truly there born he was;
For want of clothing they did him lay
All in the manger, among the hay.
Nowell, Nowell, Nowell, Nowell,
Born is the King of Israel.
Then let us all with one accord
Sing praises to our heavenly Lord,
That hath made heaven and earth of nought,
And with his blood mankind hath bought.
Nowell, Nowell, Nowell, Nowell,
Born is the King of Israel.
If we in our time shall do well,
We shall be free from death and Hell,
For God hath prepared for us all
A resting place in general.
Nowell, Nowell, Nowell, Nowell,
Born is the King of Israel.Hark, how all the welkin rings,
"Glory to the King of kings;
Peace on earth, and mercy mild,
God and sinners reconcil'd!"
Joyful, all ye nations, rise,
Join the triumph of the skies;
Universal nature say,
"Christ the Lord is born to-day!"
Christ, by highest Heaven ador'd,
Christ, the everlasting Lord:
Late in time behold him come,
Offspring of a virgin's womb!
Veil'd in flesh, the Godhead see,
Hail th' incarnate Deity!
Pleas'd as man with men to appear,
Jesus, our Immanuel here!
Hail, the heavenly Prince of Peace,
Hail, the Sun of Righteousness!
Light and life to all he brings,
Risen with healing in his wings.
Mild he lays his glory by,
Born that man no more may die;
Born to raise the sons of earth;
Born to give them second birth.
Come, desire of nations, come,
Fix in us thy humble home;
Rise, the woman's conquering seed,
Bruise in us the serpent's head.
Now display thy saving power,
Ruin'd nature now restore;
Now in mystic union join
Thine to ours, and ours to thine.
Adam's likeness, Lord, efface,
Stamp thy image in its place.
Second Adam from above,
Reinstate us in thy love.
Let us thee, though lost, regain,
Thee, the life, the inner man:
O, to all thyself impart,
Form'd in each believing heart.From our happy home
Through the world we roam
One week in all the year,
Making winter spring
With the joy we bring
For Christmas-tide is here.
Now the eastern star
Shines from afar
To light the poorest home;
Hearts warmer grow,
Gifts freely flow,
For Christmas-tide has come.
Now gay trees rise
Before young eyes,
Abloom with tempting cheer;
Blithe voices sing,
And blithe bells ring,
For Christmas-tide is here.
Oh, happy chime,
Oh, blessed time,
That draws us all so near!
"Welcome, dear day,"
All creatures say,
For Christmas-tide is here.After dark
Near the South Dakota border,
The moon is out hunting, everywhere,
Delivering fire,
And walking down hallways
Of a diamond.
Behind a tree,
It ights on the ruins
Of a white city
Frost, frost.
Where are they gone
Who lived there?
Bundled away under wings
And dark faces.
I am sick
Of it, and I go on
Living, alone, alone,
Past the charred silos, past the hidden graves
Of Chippewas and Norwegians.
This cold winter
Moon spills the inhuman fire
Of jewels
Into my hands.
Dead riches, dead hands, the moon
Darkens,
And I am lost in the beautiful white ruins
Of America.I heard the bells on Christmas day
Their old familiar carols play,
And wild and sweet the words repeat
Of peace on earth, good will to men.
I thought how, as the day had come,
The belfries of all Christendom
Had rolled along th'unbroken song
Of peace on earth, good will to men.
And in despair I bowed my head:
'There is no peace on earth, ' I said
'For hate is strong, and mocks the song
Of peace on earth, good will to men.'
Then pealed the bells more loud and deep:
'God is not dead, nor doth He sleep;
The wrong shall fail, the right prevail,
With peace on earth, good will to men.'
Till, ringing, singing on its way,
The world revolved from night to day
A voice, a chime, a chant sublime,
Of peace on earth, good will to men.Dear Mum,
Sitting here I wondered why I won't be home for Christmas
the lads and me in company C feel sorry for those who'll miss us
on far off shores we'll keep the peace with hope and understanding
but God can sometimes make his lost son's birthday quite demanding,
The captain said the new year looks good for some recreation
the Scots lads hope he means going home for new year celebrations
they're not a bad bunch, sometimes rough, but hearts in the right places
I miss you all and love you, hope you have a merry Christmas,
Tell the folks I miss them say I'll get there when I can
but I've got work to do here I'm sure they'll understand
the Holy lands not far away just now from where I'm sitting
and the distant gunfire sounds like the christmas crackers I'll be missing,
The desert stars are so bright you'd believe there's peace on earth
and I feel like a hypocrite with guns on Jesus's birth
tomorrow we go on patrol in search of insurrection
I'm sure if Jesus had his say, he'd have plenty of objections,
The lads and me are doing what we can with what we've got
we even made a Christmas tree from an axle and some pots
on Christmas day we have a service in the padre's tent
Christmas dinner is provided in a tin the army sent,
When you hand out your presents we'll pass round the ammunition
the Santa outfit dad wears is nothing like the one I'm wearing
give my sister all my love and smother her with kisses
but I'm sorry to inform you that I won't be home for Christmas.Father calls me William, sister calls me Will,
Mother calls me Willie, but the fellers call me Bill!
Mighty glad I ain't a girl - ruther be a boy,
Without them sashes, curls, an' things that's worn by Fauntleroy!
Love to chawnk green apples an' go swimmin' in the lake -
Hate to take the castor-ile they give for bellyache!
'Most all the time, the whole year round, there ain't no flies on me,
But jest 'fore Christmas I'm as good as I kin be!
Got a yeller dog named Sport, sick him on the cat;
First thing she knows she doesn't know where she is at!
Got a clipper sled, an' when us kids goes out to slide,
'Long comes the grocery cart, an' we all hook a ride!
But sometimes when the grocery man is worrited an' cross,
He reaches at us with his whip, an' larrups up his hoss,
An' then I laff an' holler, "Oh, ye never teched me!"
But jest 'fore Christmas I'm as good as I kin be!
Gran'ma says she hopes that when I git to be a man,
I'll be a missionarer like her oldest brother, Dan,
As was et up by the cannibuls that lives in Ceylon's Isle,
Where every prospeck pleases, an' only man is vile!
But gran'ma she has never been to see a Wild West show,
Nor read the Life of Daniel Boone, or else I guess she'd know
That Buff'lo Bill an' cow-boys is good enough for me!
Excep' jest 'fore Christmas, when I'm good as I kin be!
And then old Sport he hangs around, so solemn-like an' still,
His eyes they seem a-sayin': "What's the matter, little Bill?"
The old cat sneaks down off her perch an' wonders what's become
Of them two enemies of hern that used to make things hum!
But I am so perlite an' 'tend so earnestly to biz,
That mother says to father: "How improved our Willie is!"
But father, havin' been a boy hisself, suspicions me
When, jest 'fore Christmas, I'm as good as I kin be!
For Christmas, with its lots an' lots of candies, cakes, an' toys,
Was made, they say, for proper kids an' not for naughty boys;
So wash yer face an' bresh yer hair, an' mind yer p's and q's,
An' don't bust out yer pantaloons, and don't wear out yer shoes;
Say "Yessum" to the ladies, an' "Yessur" to the men,
An' when they's company, don't pass yer plate for pie again;
But, thinkin' of the things yer'd like to see upon that tree,
Jest 'fore Christmas be as good as yer kin be!Hvo minnes ikke
et vær, han tror, ei himlen mer kan skikke?
et vær som om hver sjel, fra Kains til den,
Gud sist fordømte,
den jord forbannet, fra helvete rømte,
som fristet dem å svike himmelen?....
Et vær, hvis stemmes
forferdelser ei mere kan forglemmes?
Thi alle tenkte: det må være sendt
for min skyld ene;
orkanens tordner meg kun meg de mene;
min synd er blitt åndene bekjent...
Et vær, hvis styrke
kan lære prest og troende å dyrke
demoner i det element, hvis brak
den gamle høre
fra barnsben kan i sitt bemoste øre
et skyens jordskjelv, luftens dommedag?
Et vær, som rystet
den sterkes hjerte i dets skjul i brystet,
et himmelvær, hvori sitt eget navn
han påropt hørte
av ånder, stormene forbi ham førte,
mens hver en tretopp hylte som en ravn?  Men ravnen gjemte
seg selv i klippen, ulven sulten temte,
og reven våget seg ikke ut.
I huset sluktes
hvert lys, og lenkehunden inneluktes....
I slikt vær, da får du bønner, Gud!
I slikt vær - det var en juleaften -
da natt det ble før dagens mål var fullt,
befant en gammel jøde, nær forkommen,
seg midt i Sverigs ørken, Tivedskogen.
Han ventedes til bygden denne side
fra bygdene på hin, for julens skyld,
av pikene med lengsel, thi i skreppen
lå spenner, bånd og alt hva de behøvde
for morgendagen, annen dag og nyttår.
Det gjorde lengselen spent, men ikke bange;
thi ennu hadde "Gamle-Jakob" aldri
dem sviktet noen jul: Han kom så visst
som juleaftenen selv.
"Tyss! var det atter stormen,
som hylte gjennom grenene? Det skrek.
Nu skriker det igjen." Og Gamle-Jakob
fluks stanser lyttende for annen gang.
Nu tier det. Thi stormen øker på,
som fossen drønner over den, der drukner.
Han vandrer atter. "Tyss! igjen en lyd!"
- en lyd, som skar igjennom skogens brusen.
"Den falske hubro skriker som et barn.
Hvo slipper barn vel ut i sådant vær?
Det gjør ei selv ulven selv med sine." Og
den gamle stolper atter frem i sneen.
Da skrek det atter, så han mer ei tviler;
thi dette stormkast, som borte alt
et snoet snetårn hvirvler over skogen,
har ført et ord, et enkelt ord forbi;
og fluks han dreier dit hvorfra det kom,
arbeidende seg dypere i skogen
og dypere i sneen og i natten,
der som en kullsort fjellvegg reiste seg
mot hvert kans skritt, av fyk kun gjennomlyst,
som om den ene hele vide skog var full
av flyvende slørhyllete gespenster,
der hylende seg stillet ham i veien,
på luftig tå seg hvirvlet, vokste reddsomt,
og så forsvant imellom stammene.
Dog kjempet oldingen seg frem mot stormen.
Han vandrer når den vokser, når den saktner
og drager ånde, lytter han på kne.
Men fluks han springer opp, og går i mulmet,
som dvergen trenger gjennom, sorte, muld.
.... Han hører intet mer. Den gamle skjelver
ved tanken, at ham onde ånder gjekker,
og mumler frem de bønner, som han vet.
Da klynker det igjen, og ganske nær;
hans eget rop mot stormen vender kun
tilbake i hans munn. Men hist, ja hist!
Ti skritt ennu! Der rører noe mørkt seg
på sneen, som om stormen lekte med
en stubbe, der var løsnet litt i roten.
"O Herre! en arm! O Herre!
et barn, et barn! Men dødt! - "
Akk, tenkte stjernene i denne natt,
da Betlehemsstjernen lyste mellom dem,
og intet godt på jorden kunne skje?
Thi ingen av dem så, at Gamle Jakob,
så glad som om en skatt han hadde funnen,
fluks kastet bort sin hele rikdom: Skreppen,
trakk av sin knappe kjole, hyllet den
om barnets lemmer, blott sitt bryst,
og la så dets kolde kinn derved
inntil det våknet av hans hjertes slag.
Da sprang han opp. Men nu hvorhen? Thi stormen
har blåst hans spor igjen. Det ei bekymret.
Thi han I tordenen i skogens topper
nu hørte Davids jubelharper kun;
ham fykene nu syntes som kjerurber,
der viste vei på svanehvite vinger,
og i det må og få, han fulgte, følte
han Herrens eget sterke fingertrekk.
Men hus på ville Tiveden å finne
I slik en natt, da lys ei turde brennes?
Og midtveis lå der kun en enkelt plass;
det lave tak ei skilles kan fra sneen,
den sorte vegg ei fra et klippestykke.
Dog stanstes ved et under han av den.
Der sank han ned. Han maktet ikke mere;
og mange vindstøt for før med sin byrde
han orkede å slepe seg til døren.
Han banket sakte først, thi barnet sov;
og nu først savnet han sin tapre skreppe,
fordi han intet eiede å give
de gode arme folk, som snarlig ville
med gjestfri hasten åpne døren. Akk,
han banket mange ganger før det svarte:
"I Jesu navn, hvem kommer der i slik en natt?"
"Den gamle Jakob. Kjenner i meg ei?
den gamle jøde?" "Jøde!" skrek forferdet
en manns- og kvinnerøst. "Da blir du ute!
Vi eier ingenting å kjøpe for,
og blott ulykke vil du bringe huset
i denne natt, da han ble født, du drepte."
"Jeg?"
"Ja, ditt folk, og det er synden, som
igjennom tusen ledd skal straffes."
"Akk!
I natt da hunden lukkes inn?"
"ja, hunden,
men ingen jøde i et kristent hus."
Han hørte ikke mer. De hårde ord
ham koldere enn vinden gjennomhvinte,
og slengte, sterkere enn dem, ham ned
i sneen, bøyet over barnets slummer.
Da syntes ham, mens han mot vinduet stirret,
om ei det hvite ansikt atter kom
til syne dog, som om han sank i dun,
at liflig varme gjennomfløt hans årer,
og at bekjente vesner, hviskende
som sommervindens eolsspill i gresset,
omsvevede hans leie, inntil en
med løftet finger sa: kom! han sover.
Og i en opplyst sal ved siden av
forsvant de alle; barnet kun forble der
ved foten av hans leie, dragende
hans puter stetse bedre om ham, til
det forekom ham selv, at han sov inn.
- Der sneen var, som vokste om den døde.
"O Jesus! Jøden sitter der ennu!"
skrek mannen, da han så om morgnen ut.
"Så jag ham bort! Det er jo juledag,"
falt konen inn. "Og se den jødeskjelm,
hvor fast han holder bylten klemt til brystet!"
"Han er påtrengende med sine varer.
Med stive blikk han ser herinn, som om
vi hadde penger nok å kjøpe for."
"Dog gadd jeg se hva han i bylten har."
"Vis frem da, jøde!"
Begge tren de ut.
Den frosne glans de så I likets øyne.
De bleknet mer enn det, de skrek av skrekk,
og skalv av angrens slag.
"O Jemini!
Hva uhell her er hendt!"
De opp ham reiste,
og bylten fulgte med. De åpnet kjolen.
Der hang, med armene om jødens hals,
Margrethe, deres barn - et lik som han.
Så slår ei lyn, så rappe orm ei biter,
som skrekk og smerte ekteparet slo.
Så blek som faderen var ei sneen,
så hylte stormen ei som moderen.
"O Gud har straffet oss! Ei stormens kulde,
vår egen grusomhet har drept vårt barn!
Forgjeves! akk, som jøden på vår dør
på nådens ville vi forgjeves banke."
Da skogen veibar ble, kom bud fra gården,
hvor lille Gretha fostredes i legd,
og hvorfra hun, da helgen inn ble ringet,
før været kom, var vandret av seg selv,
foreldrene å gjeste juleaften.
Dog kom det ei å spørre efter barnet,
men efter jøden fra bygdens piker,
hvis håp nu til å kunne gjeste kirken
kun stod til nyttårsdagen, om han fantes.
Der lå han død I stuen foran arnen,
hvor mannen med et blikk som jødens frosne,
og I en stilling krum som likets, satt,
I bålets røde aske stirrende
og stetse økende dets brann, at liket
dog kunne blive strakt og hånden korslagt.
Men foran lå på kne Margrethes moder,
sin lilles stive armer bøyende
bestandig fastere om likets hals.
"Hun ei tilhører mere oss" hun hulket,
"Han har vårt barn seg tilkjøpt for sin død.
Vi tør ei skille liten Greta fra ham;
thi hun for oss må bede Jesus om
hans forbønn hos sin fader; thi for ham
vil arme jøde klage - -"May all my enemies go to hell,
Noel, Noel, Noel, Noel.'Tis Christmas weather, and a country house
Receives us: rooms are full: we can but get
An attic-crib. Such lovers will not fret
At that, it is half-said. The great carouse
Knocks hard upon the midnight's hollow door,
But when I knock at hers, I see the pit.
Why did I come here in that dullard fit?
I enter, and lie couched upon the floor.
Passing, I caught the coverlet's quick beat:--
Come, Shame, burn to my soul! and Pride, and Pain--
Foul demons that have tortured me, enchain!
Out in the freezing darkness the lambs bleat.
The small bird stiffens in the low starlight.
I know not how, but shuddering as I slept,
I dreamed a banished angel to me crept:
My feet were nourished on her breasts all night.Music I love -­ but never strain
Could kindle raptures so divine,
So grief assuage, so conquer pain,
And rouse this pensive heart of mine -­
As that we hear on Christmas morn,
Upon the wintry breezes borne.
Though Darkness still her empire keep,
And hours must pass, ere morning break;
From troubled dreams, or slumbers deep,
That music kindly bids us wake:
It calls us, with an angel's voice,
To wake, and worship, and rejoice;
To greet with joy the glorious morn,
Which angels welcomed long ago,
When our redeeming Lord was born,
To bring the light of Heaven below;
The Powers of Darkness to dispel,
And rescue Earth from Death and Hell.
While listening to that sacred strain,
My raptured spirit soars on high;
I seem to hear those songs again
Resounding through the open sky,
That kindled such divine delight,
In those who watched their flocks by night.
With them, I celebrate His birth -­
Glory to God, in highest Heaven,
Good-will to men, and peace on Earth,
To us a Saviour-king is given;
Our God is come to claim His own,
And Satan's power is overthrown!
A sinless God, for sinful men,
Descends to suffer and to bleed;
Hell must renounce its empire then;
The price is paid, the world is freed,
And Satan's self must now confess,
That Christ has earned a Right to bless:
Now holy Peace may smile from heaven,
And heavenly Truth from earth shall spring:
The captive's galling bonds are riven,
For our Redeemer is our king;
And He that gave his blood for men
Will lead us home to God again.
ActonA Christmas tree! A Christmas tree!
With dark green needled memories
Of childhood dreams and mysteries
Wrapped present-like in front of me.
A Christmas tree! A Christmas tree!
I glimpse a past wherein i see
The child that then grew into me
Not forward fast but haltingly.
A Christmas tree! A Christmas tree!
A time for being with family
A time that's gone so fleetingly
Yet lives for always deep in me.
A Christmas tree! A Christmas tree!
When twelfth night comes whole hauntingly
One lingered look and then i see
No Christmas tree where it would be.
A Christmas tree! A Christmas tree!
With feelings now felt tearfully
No home, no kids surrounding me
No corner in my house to see
The magic of that Christmas tree.In byre and barn the mows are brim with sheaves,
Where stealeth in with phosphorescent tread
The glimmering moon, and, ’neath his wattled eaves,
The kennelled hound unto the darkness grieves
His chilly straw, and from his gloom-lit shed,
The wakeful cock proclaims the midnight dread.
With mullioned windows, ’mid its skeleton trees,
Beneath the moon the ancient manor stands,
Old gables rattle in the midnight breeze,
Old elms make answer to the moaning seas
Beyond the moorlands, on the wintry sands,
While drives the gust along the leafless lands.Once upon a Christmas Day,
A sense of cheer and  joy  were in the air,
Music aroused the spirit everywhere.
Decorated trees and colorful lights strung,
On the mantel the children's stockings hung.
Once upon a Christmas Day,
Greetings were extended with smiling faces,
Fond thoughts that my memory embraces,
Many wrapped gifts in full array,
An annual tradition on this Holy Day.
Once upon a Christmas Day,
Carolers were singing from afar,
While in the heaven appeared a bright star.
This Christmas came on a snowy day
Leaving memories that will forever stay.Our Christmas tree, stood straight and tall,
We had it standing in the hall,
With decorations, sparkling bright,
And baubles, glittering in the light,
Rich tinsel laced around branches wide,
With bells and bows, that could be spied
Hiding among the dark green pine,
In silver and gold, boldly they did shine,
And at the very top, such a wondrous sight,
A star was placed there, which gave delight.
The whole effect so pleasured the eye.
We planted it outside, now it's 18 feet high.
This year it will once again, be a thrill,
Hung with big coloured lights, in the crisp winter chill.
©   Ernestine NorthoverThey let the children out of school too early.
I left the Christmas shopping till too late.
Each day we had a holiday excursion,
Which gave us the entire week to wait in line for
Movies by Disney,
Gift-wrapping by Lord & Taylor,
And everyone's restrooms.
On Christmas Eve we started to assemble
The easy-to-assemble telescope
And fire truck with forty-seven pieces.
By midnight it was plain there was no hope without
An astronomer,
A mechanical engineer,
And two psychiatrists.
We rose at dawn to three boys singing Rudolph.
We listened numbly to their shouts of glee.
The kitten threw up tinsel on the carpet.
The fire truck collided with the tree, requiring
One rug shampoo,
Several Band-aids,
And Scotch before breakfast.
I bought my husband shirts - wrong size, wrong colors,
And ties he said he couldn't be caught dead in.
I'd hinted Saint Laurent or something furry.
He bought me flannel gowns to go to bed in, also
A Teflon frying pan,
A plaid valise,
And The Weight Watchers Cook Book.
The turkey was still frozen at eleven.
At noon my eldest boy spilled Elmer's glue.
At five I had a swell Excedrin headache,
The kind that lasts till January two...but
Merry Christmas
And Happy New Year,
I think.It was Christmas Day in the trenches
In Spain in Penninsular War,
And Sam Small were cleaning his musket
A thing as he'd ne're done before.
They'd had 'em inspected that morning
And Sam had got into disgrace,
For when sergeant had looked down the barrel
A sparrow flew out in his face.
The sergeant reported the matter
To Lieutenant Bird then and there.
Said Lieutenant 'How very disgusting'
The Duke must be told of this 'ere.'
The Duke were upset when he heard
He said, 'I'm astonished, I am.
I must make a most drastic example
There'll be no Christmas pudding for Sam.'
When Sam were informed of his sentence
Surprise, rooted him to the spot.
'Twas much worse than he had expected,
He though as he'd only be shot.
And so he sat cleaning his musket
And polishing barrel and butt.
While the pudding his mother had sent him,
Lay there in the mud at his foot.
Now the centre that Sam's lot were holding
Ran around a place called Badajoz.
Where the Spaniards had put up a bastion
And ooh...! what a bastion it was.
They pounded away all the morning
With canister, grape shot and ball.
But the face of the bastion defied them,
They made no impression at all.
They started again after dinner
Bombarding as hard as they could.
And the Duke brought his own private cannon
But that weren't a ha'pence o' good.
The Duke said, 'Sam, put down thy musket
And help me lay this gun true.'
Sam answered, 'You'd best ask your favours
From them as you give pudding to.'
The Duke looked at Sam so reproachful
'And don't take it that way,' said he.
'Us Generals have got to be ruthless
It hurts me more than it did thee.'
Sam sniffed at these words kind of sceptic,
Then looked down the Duke's private gun.
And said 'We'd best put in two charges,
We'll never bust bastion with one.'
He tipped cannon ball out of muzzle
He took out the wadding and all.
He filled barrel chock full of powder,
Then picked up and replaced the ball.
He took a good aim at the bastion
Then said 'Right-o, Duke, let her fly.'
The cannon nigh jumped off her trunnions,
And up went the bastion, sky high.
The Duke, he weren't 'alf elated
He danced around trench full of glee.
And said, 'Sam, for this gallant action.
You can hot up your pudding for tea.'
Sam looked 'round to pick up his pudding
But it wasn't there, nowhere about.
In the place where he thought he had left it,
Lay the cannon ball he'd just tipped out.
Sam saw in a flash what 'ad happened:
By an unprecedented mishap.
The pudding his mother had sent him,
Had blown Badajoz off map.
That's why fuisilliers wear to this moment
A badge which they think's a grenade.
But they're wrong... it's a brass reproduction,
Of the pudding Sam's mother once made.And wilt thou hear the fevered heart
To Thee in silence cry?
And as th' inconstant wildfires dart
Out of the restless eye,
Wilt thou forgive the wayward though
By kindly woes yet half untaught
A Saviours right, so dearly bought,
That Hope should never die?
Thou wilt:  for many a languid prayer
Has reached Thee from the wild,
Since the lorn mother, wandering there,
Cast down her fainting child,
Then stole apart to weep and die,
Nor knew an angel form was nigh,
To show soft waters gushing by,
And dewy shadows mild.
Thou wilt--for Thou art Israel's God,
And Thine unwearied arm
Is ready yet with Moses' rod,
The hidden rill to charm
Out of the dry unfathomed deep
Of sands, that lie in lifeless sleep,
Save when the scorching whirlwinds heap
Their waves in rude alarm.
These moments of wild wrath are Thine -
Thine, too, the drearier hour
When o'er th' horizon's silent line
Fond hopeless fancies cower,
And on the traveller's listless way
Rises and sets th' unchanging day,
No cloud in heaven to slake its ray,
On earth no sheltering bower.
Thou wilt be there, and not forsake,
To turn the bitter pool
Into a bright and breezy lake,
This throbbing brow to cool:
Till loft awhile with Thee alone
The wilful heart be fain to own
That He, by whom our bright hours shone,
Our darkness best may rule.
The scent of water far away
Upon the breeze is flung;
The desert pelican to-day
Securely leaves her young,
Reproving thankless man, who fears
To journey on a few lone years,
Where on the sand Thy step appears,
Thy crown in sight is hung.
Thou, who did sit on Jacob's well
The weary hour of noon,
The languid pulses Thou canst tell,
The nerveless spirit tune.
Thou from Whose cross in anguish burst
The cry that owned Thy dying thirst,
To Thee we turn, our Last and First,
Our Sun and soothing Moon.
From darkness, here, and dreariness
We ask not full repose,
Only be Thou at hand, to bless
Our trial hour of woes.
Is not the pilgrim's toil o'erpaid
By the clear rill and palmy shade?
And see we not, up Earth's dark glade,
The gate of Heaven unclose?It is the longest night in all the year,
Near on the day when the Lord Christ was born;
Six hours ago I came and sat down here,
And ponder'd sadly, wearied and forlorn.
The winter wind that pass'd the chapel door,
Sang out a moody tune, that went right well
With mine own thoughts: I look'd down on the floor,
Between my feet, until I heard a bell
Sound a long way off through the forest deep,
And toll on steadily; a drowsiness
Came on me, so that I fell half asleep,
As I sat there not moving: less and less
I saw the melted snow that hung in beads
Upon my steel-shoes; less and less I saw
Between the tiles the bunches of small weeds:
Heartless and stupid, with no touch of awe
Upon me, half-shut eyes upon the ground,
I thought: O Galahad! the days go by,
Stop and cast up now that which you have found,
So sorely you have wrought and painfully.
Night after night your horse treads down alone
The sere damp fern, night after night you sit
Holding the bridle like a man of stone,
Dismal, unfriended: what thing comes of it?
And what if Palomydes also ride,
And over many a mountain and bare heath
Follow the questing beast with none beside?
Is he not able still to hold his breath
With thoughts of Iseult? doth he not grow pale
With weary striving, to seem best of all
To her, "as she is best," he saith? to fail
Is nothing to him, he can never fall.
For unto such a man love-sorrow is
So dear a thing unto his constant heart,
That even if he never win one kiss,
Or touch from Iseult, it will never part.
And he will never know her to be worse
Than in his happiest dreams he thinks she is:
Good knight, and faithful, you have 'scaped the curse
In wonderful-wise; you have great store of bliss.
Yea, what if Father Launcelot ride out,
Can he not think of Guenevere's arms, round
Warm and lithe, about his neck, and shout
Till all the place grows joyful with the sound?
And when he lists can often see her face,
And think, "Next month I kiss you, or next week,
And still you think of me": therefore the place
Grows very pleasant, whatsoever he seek.
But me, who ride alone, some carle shall find
Dead in my arms in the half-melted snow,
When all unkindly with the shifting wind,
The thaw comes on at Candlemas: I know
Indeed that they will say: "This Galahad
If he had lived had been a right good knight;
Ah! poor chaste body!" but they will be glad,
Not most alone, but all, when in their sight
That very evening in their scarlet sleeves
The gay-dress'd minstrels sing; no maid will talk
Of sitting on my tomb, until the leaves,
Grown big upon the bushes of the walk,
East of the Palace-pleasaunce, make it hard
To see the minster therefrom: well-a-day!
Before the trees by autumn were well bared,
I saw a damozel with gentle play,
Within that very walk say last farewell
To her dear knight, just riding out to find
(Why should I choke to say it?) the Sangreal,
And their last kisses sunk into my mind,
Yea, for she stood lean'd forward on his breast,
Rather, scarce stood; the back of one dear hand,
That it might well be kiss'd, she held and press'd
Against his lips; long time they stood there, fann'd
By gentle gusts of quiet frosty wind,
Till Mador de la porte a-going by,
And my own horsehoofs roused them; they untwined,
And parted like a dream. In this way I,
With sleepy face bent to the chapel floor,
Kept musing half asleep, till suddenly
A sharp bell rang from close beside the door,
And I leapt up when something pass'd me by,
Shrill ringing going with it, still half blind
I stagger'd after, a great sense of awe
At every step kept gathering on my mind,
Thereat I have no marvel, for I saw
One sitting on the altar as a throne,
Whose face no man could say he did not know,
And though the bell still rang, he sat alone,
With raiment half blood-red, half white as snow.
Right so I fell upon the floor and knelt,
Not as one kneels in church when mass is said,
But in a heap, quite nerveless, for I felt
The first time what a thing was perfect dread.
But mightily the gentle voice came down:
"Rise up, and look and listen, Galahad,
Good knight of God, for you will see no frown
Upon my face; I come to make you glad.
"For that you say that you are all alone,
I will be with you always, and fear not
You are uncared for, though no maiden moan
Above your empty tomb; for Launcelot,
"He in good time shall be my servant too,
Meantime, take note whose sword first made him knight,
And who has loved him alway, yea, and who
Still trusts him alway, though in all men's sight,
"He is just what you know, O Galahad,
This love is happy even as you say,
But would you for a little time be glad,
To make ME sorry long, day after day?
"Her warm arms round his neck half throttle ME,
The hot love-tears burn deep like spots of lead,
Yea, and the years pass quick: right dismally
Will Launcelot at one time hang his head;
"Yea, old and shrivell'd he shall win my love.
Poor Palomydes fretting out his soul!
Not always is he able, son, to move
His love, and do it honour: needs must roll
"The proudest destrier sometimes in the dust,
And then 'tis weary work; he strives beside
Seem better than he is, so that his trust
Is always on what chances may betide;
"And so he wears away, my servant, too,
When all these things are gone, and wretchedly
He sits and longs to moan for Iseult, who
Is no care now to Palomydes: see,
"O good son, Galahad, upon this day,
Now even, all these things are on your side,
But these you fight not for; look up, I say,
And see how I can love you, for no pride
"Closes your eyes, no vain lust keeps them down.
See now you have ME always; following
That holy vision, Galahad, go on,
Until at last you come to ME to sing
"In Heaven always, and to walk around
The garden where I am." He ceased, my face
And wretched body fell upon the ground;
And when I look'd again, the holy place
Was empty; but right so the bell again
Came to the chapel-door, there entered
Two angels first, in white, without a stain,
And scarlet wings, then, after them, a bed
Four ladies bore, and set it down beneath
The very altar-step, and while for fear
I scarcely dared to move or draw my breath,
Those holy ladies gently came a-near,
And quite unarm'd me, saying: "Galahad,
Rest here awhile and sleep, and take no thought
Of any other thing than being glad;
Hither the Sangreal will be shortly brought,
"Yet must you sleep the while it stayeth here."
Right so they went away, and I, being weary,
Slept long and dream'd of Heaven: the bell comes near,
I doubt it grows to morning. Miserere!
[Enter Two Angels in white, with scarlet wings; also, Four Ladies in gowns of red and green; also an Angel, bearing in his hands a surcoat of white, with a red cross.]
AN ANGEL
O servant of the high God, Galahad!
Rise and be arm'd: the Sangreal is gone forth
Through the great forest, and you must be had
Unto the sea that lieth on the north:
There shall you find the wondrous ship wherein
The spindles of King Solomon are laid,
And the sword that no man draweth without sin,
But if he be most pure: and there is stay'd,
Hard by, Sir Launcelot, whom you will meet
In some short space upon that ship: first, though,
Will come here presently that lady sweet,
Sister of Percival, whom you well know,
And with her Bors and Percival: stand now,
These ladies will to arm you.
[FIRST LADY, putting on the hauberk]
Galahad,
That I may stand so close beneath your brow,
Margaret of Antioch, am glad.
[SECOND LADY, girding him with the sword.]
That I may stand and touch you with my hand,
O Galahad, I, Cecily, am glad.
[THIRD LADY, buckling on the spurs.]
That I may kneel while up above you stand,
And gaze at me, O holy Galahad,
I, Lucy, am most glad.
[FOURTH LADY, putting on the basnet.]
O gentle knight,
That you bow down to us in reverence,
We are most glad, I, Katherine, with delight
Must needs fall trembling.
[ANGEL, putting on the crossed surcoat.]
Galahad, we go hence,
For here, amid the straying of the snow,
Come Percival's sister, Bors, and Percival.
[The Four Ladies carry out the bed, and all go but Galahad.]
GALAHAD.
How still and quiet everything seems now:
They come, too, for I hear the horsehoofs fall.
[Enter Sir Bors, Sir Percival and his Sister.]
Fair friends and gentle lady, God you save!
A many marvels have been here to-night;
Tell me what news of Launcelot you have,
And has God's body ever been in sight?
SIR BORS.
Why, as for seeing that same holy thing,
As we were riding slowly side by side,
An hour ago, we heard a sweet voice sing,
And through the bare twigs saw a great light glide,
With many-colour'd raiment, but far off;
And so pass'd quickly: from the court nought good;
Poor merry Dinadan, that with jape and scoff
Kept us all merry, in a little wood
Was found all hack'd and dead: Sir Lionel
And Gauwaine have come back from the great quest,
Just merely shamed; and Lauvaine, who loved well
Your father Launcelot, at the king's behest
Went out to seek him, but was almost slain,
Perhaps is dead now; everywhere
The knights come foil'd from the great quest, in vain;
In vain they struggle for the vision fair.There is something about Christmas,
In Santa Claus and twinkling trees,
In the joy and laughter of every child,
People kneeling in prayer on arthritic knees.
There is something about Christmas,
Though many wishes and dreams may fail.
It is something we have learned to accept
Through each Yuletide trail.
There is something about Christmas,
Something that overwhelms the heart,
And it is displayed in every household
Of thoughtful and gentle people miles apart.
There is something about Christmas,
A magnificent day for old and young,
For it seems that people are more pleasant
When the traditional carols are sung.
There is something about Christmas,
A day of grace and visions of peace
And nothing on earth can destroy it.
Joy and peace on earth will never cease.
There is something about Christmas
When church bells ring and candles glow,
Signaling that Christ was born in a manger
In the holy city of Bethlehem - years ago.Take the wise men to the Emperor's palace.
Wash their hands in water.
Get them to say something about truth.
Does anyone know any good Jewish jokes?
The one about a carpenter
who thought he was a King?
The one about the Saviour
who couldn't save himself?
The shepherds should stand with the chorus.
They have a big production number -
'Barabbas, We Love You Baby'.
Mary? She can move to the front.
We have a special section reserved
for family and close friends.
Tell her that we had to cut the manger up.
We needed the wood for something else.
The star I'm afraid I can't use.
There are no stars in this show.
The sky turns black with sorrow.
The earth shakes with terror.
Hold on to the frankincense.
We'll need that for the garden scene.
Angels? He could do with some angels.
Avenging angels.
Merciful angels.
He could really do with some angels.
Baby Jesus.
Step this way please.
My! How you've grown!When Christmas comes the  Christmas heat'll
bring once more the Christmas Beetle
The first inflammatory breeze'll
set him buzzing like a diesel.
Hear him open up his throttle
as he hums above the wattle!
Hear him zoom, and snarl and rattle
Like a fighter plane in battle!
Watch him dive to sink and settle-
Folding up his wings of metal -
Cutting off the engines sound
as quietly as he comes to ground.
Then watch some sparrows, frail and lowly,
Strike him swiftly, rend him wholly.THIS box, mine own sweet darling, thou wilt find
With many a varied sweetmeat's form supplied;
The fruits are they of holy Christmas tide,
But baked indeed, for children's use design'd.
I'd fain, in speeches sweet with skill combin'd,
Poetic sweetmeats for the feast provide;
But why in such frivolities confide?
Perish the thought, with flattery to blind!
One sweet thing there is still, that from within,
Within us speaks,--that may be felt afar;
This may be wafted o'er to thee alone.
If thou a recollection fond canst win,
As if with pleasure gleam'd each well-known star,
The smallest gift thou never wilt disown.Mr. Smiggs was a gentleman,
And he lived in London town;
His wife she was a good kind soul,
And seldom known to frown.
'Twas on Christmas eve,
And Smiggs and his wife lay cosy in bed,
When the thought of buying a goose
Came into his head.
So the next morning,
Just as the sun rose,
He jump'd out of bed,
And he donn'd his clothes,
Saying, "Peggy, my dear.
You need not frown,
For I'll buy you the best goose
In all London town."
So away to the poultry shop he goes,
And bought the goose, as he did propose,
And for it he paid one crown,
The finest, he thought, in London town.
When Smiggs bought the goose
He suspected no harm,
But a naughty boy stole it
From under his arm.
Then Smiggs he cried, "Stop, thief!
Come back with my goose!"
But the naughty boy laugh'd at him,
And gave him much abuse.
But a policeman captur'd the naughty boy,
And gave the goose to Smiggs,
And said he was greatly bother'd
By a set of juvenile prigs.
So the naughty boy was put in prison
For stealing the goose.,
And got ten days' confinement
Before he got loose.
So Smiggs ran home to his dear Peggy,
Saying, "Hurry, and get this fat goose ready,
That I have bought for one crown;
So, my darling, you need not frown."
"Dear Mr Smiggs, I will not frown:
I'm sure 'tis cheap for one crown,
Especially at Christmas time --
Oh! Mr Smiggs, it's really fine."
"Peggy. it is Christmas time,
So let us drive dull care away,
For we have got a Christmas goose,
So cook it well, I pray.
"No matter how the poor are clothed,
Or if they starve at home,
We'll drink our wine, and eat our goose,
Aye, and pick it to the bone."The Christmas homes of England!
How far-famed and how dear;
In bright array they ever stand,
That glad day of the year;
When gathered round the hearth-stone,
The loved ones joyful meet,
With one accord from far and near,
The circle glad to greet.
The Christmas homes of England!
O, many a joyous brow,
Which ever yet hath hailed that day,
Will sorrowfully bow,
When this one now returneth;
For they look, but look in vain,
The pride and joy of that glad home,
They ne'er shall see again!
The Christmas homes of England!
In manhood's noblest bloom,
On Alma's bloody fields thy lords
Have found their lowly tomb;
The warrior grey, whose stalwart arm
Had prostrate laid the foe;
And gallant sons of noble sires,
By them in death lie low!
The Christmas homes of England!
Alike in peasant's cot,
Where hath the death-wail not been heard,
Where hath it entered not?
And the widowed mother silent weeps,
And sheds the bitter tear,
As fancy sees her gallant boy,
The cold ground for his bier!
The Christmas homes of England!
In that far-off Eastern land,
What thoughts will be awakened
Among that gallant band?
How from scenes so dark and fearful,
Their spirit will take flight
To the bright home of their childhood,
And the happy Christmas night!
The Christmas homes of England!
The love of many years
Is turned into a ceaseless fount
Of bitterness and tears;
The mother and the widow,
The maiden and the child,
They call; but none shall answer,
Those loving accents mild!
O, Christmas homes of England!
There's One, the widow's God!
Who, while He chastens, pitieth
The sad ones 'neath His rod;
His arm beneath supported
Thy loved ones in the field,
And whispered, "Leave thy little ones
To me, their God, their shield!
O, Christmas homes of England!
Let all unite in prayer,
That He, the widow's God, may take
Such to His special care;
And we to whom he spareth
Our hearts best treasure yet;
The widow and the orphan,
O let us not forget!Wrapped was the world in slumber deep,
By seaward valley and cedarn steep,
And bright and blest were the dreams of its sleep;
All the hours of that wonderful night-tide through
The stars outblossomed in fields of blue,
A heavenly chaplet, to diadem
The King in the manger of Bethlehem.
Out on the hills the shepherds lay,
Wakeful, that never a lamb might stray,
Humble and clean of heart were they;
Thus it was given them to hear
Marvellous harpings strange and clear,
Thus it was given them to see
The heralds of the nativity.
In the dim-lit stable the mother mild
Looked with holy eyes on her child,
Cradled him close to her heart and smiled;
Kingly purple nor crown had he,
Never a trapping of royalty;
But Mary saw that the baby's head
With a slender nimbus was garlanded.
Speechless her joy as she watched him there,
Forgetful of pain and grief and care,
And every thought in her soul was a prayer;
While under the dome of the desert sky
The Kings of the East from afar drew nigh,
And the great white star that was guide to them
Kept ward o'er the manger of Bethlehem.In the dark and damp of the alley cold,
Lay the Christmas tree that hadn't been sold;
By a shopman dourly thrown outside;
With the ruck and rubble of Christmas-tide;
Trodden deep in the muck and mire,
Unworthy even to feed a fire...
So I stopped and salvaged that tarnished tree,
And thus is the story it told to me:
"My Mother was Queen of the forest glade,
And proudly I prospered in her shade;
For she said to me: 'When I am dead,
You will be monarch in my stead,
And reign, as I, for a hundred years,
A tower of triumph amid your peers,
When I crash in storm I will yield you space;
Son, you will worthily take my place.'
"So I grew in grace like a happy child,
In the heart of the forest free and wild;
And the moss and the ferns were all about,
And the craintive mice crept in and out;
And a wood-dove swung on my highest twig,
And a chipmunk chattered: 'So big! So big!'
And a shy fawn nibbled a tender shoot,
And a rabbit nibbled under my root...
Oh, I was happy in rain and shine
As I thought of the destiny that was mine!
Then a man with an axe came cruising by
And I knew that my fate was to fall and die.
"With a hundred others he packed me tight,
And we drove to a magic city of light,
To an avenue lined with Christmas trees,
And I thought: may be I'll be one of these,
Tinselled  with silver and tricked with gold,
A lovely sight for a child to behold;
A-glitter with lights of every hue,
Ruby and emerald, orange and blue,
And kiddies dancing, with shrieks of glee -
One might fare worse than a Christmas tree.
"So they stood me up with a hundred more
In the blaze of a big department store;
But I thought of the forest dark and still,
And the dew and the snow and the heat and the chill,
And the soft chinook and the summer breeze,
And the dappled deer and the birds and the bees...
I was so homesick I wanted to cry,
But patient I waited for someone to buy.
And some said 'Too big,' and some 'Too small,'
And some passed on saying nothing at all.
Then a little boy cried: Ma, buy that one,'
But she shook her head: 'Too dear, my son."
So the evening came, when they closed the store,
And I was left on the littered floor,
A tree unwanted, despised, unsold,
Thrown out at last in the alley cold."
Then I said: "Don't sorrow; at least you'll be
A bright and beautiful New Year's tree,
All shimmer and glimmer and glow and gleam,
A radiant sight like a fairy dream.
For there is a little child I know,
Who lives in poverty, want  and woe;
Who lies abed from morn to night,
And never has known an hour's delight..."
So I stood the tree at the foot of her bed:
"Santa's a little late," I said.
"Poor old chap! Snowbound on the way,
But he's here at last, so let's be gay."
Then she woke from sleep and she saw you there,
And her eyes were love and her lips were prayer.
And her thin little arms were stretched to you
With a yearning joy that they never knew.
She woke from the darkest dark to see
Like a heavenly vision, that Christmas Tree.
Her mother despaired and feared the end,
But from that day she began to mend,
To play, to sing, to laugh with glee...
Bless you, O little Christmas Tree!
You died, but your life was not in vain:
You helped a child to forget her pain,
And let hope live in our hearts again.You were never told, Mother, how old Illyawas drunk
That last holiday, for five days and nights
He stumbled through Petersburg forming
A choir of mutes, he dressed them in pink ascension gowns
And, then, sold Father's Tirietz stallion so to rent
A hall for his Christmas recital: the audience
Was rowdy but Illya in his black robes turned on them
And gave them that look of his; the hall fell silent
And violently he threw his hair to the side and up
Went the baton, the recital ended exactly one hour
Later when Illya suddenly turned and bowed
And his mutes bowed, and what applause and hollering
Followed.
All of his cronies were there!
Illya told us later that he thought the voices
Of mutes combine in a sound
Like wind passing through big, winter pines.
Mother, if for no other reason I regret the war
With Japan for, you must now be told,
It took the servant, Illya, from us. It was confirmed.
He would sit on the rocks by the water and with his stiletto
Open clams and pop the raw meats into his mouth
And drool and laugh at us children.
We hear guns often, now, down near the village.
Don't think me a coward, Mother, but it is comfortable
Now that I am no longer Czar. I can take pleasure
From just a cup of clear water. I hear Illya's choir often.
I teach the children about decreasing fractions, that is
A lesson best taught by the father.
Alexandra conducts the French and singing lessons.
Mother, we are again a physical couple.
I brush out her hair for her at night.
She thinks that we'll be rowing outside Geneva
By the spring. I hope she won't be disappointed.
Yesterday morning while bread was frying
In one corner, she in another washed all of her legs
Right in front of the children. I think
We became sad at her beauty. She has a purple bruise
On an ankle.
Like Illya I made her chew on mint.
Our Christmas will be in this excellent barn.
The guards flirt with your granddaughters and I see...
I see nothing wrong with it. Your little one, who is
Now a woman, made one soldier pose for her, she did
Him in charcoal, but as a bold nude. He was
Such an obvious virgin about it; he was wonderful!
Today, that same young man found us an enormous azure
And pearl samovar. Once, he called me Great Father
And got confused.
He refused to let me touch him.
I know they keep your letters from us. But, Mother,
The day they finally put them in my hands
I'll know that possessing them I am condemned
And possibly even my wife, and my children.
We will drink mint tea this evening.
Will each of us be increased by death?
With fractions as the bottom integer gets bigger, Mother, it
Represents less. That's the feeling I have about
This letter. I am at your request, The Czar.
And I am Nicholas.'Glory to God in the highest
And on earth peace good will toward men'
Born unto a virgin was God's only begotten Son
Emmanuel (God with us)   is the title of The One
Mary's father was of Judah, the linage of a king
Mary's mother was a Levite, from Aaron's priestly string
The world beheld a brilliant star a shining in the east
The sign of Christ, The King of Kings, Lord of Lords, and High Priest
'Glory to God in the highest
And on earth peace good will toward men'
Shepherds in the field keeping watch over their flock at night
The angel of the Lord appeared and gave them such a fright
'Fear not: for behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy'
For unto you is born this day, a Saviour, Christ the Roi
The Babe is wrapped in swaddling clothes, a lying in the hay
Heavenly host gave praise to God on the greatest birthday
'Glory to God in the highest
And on earth peace good will toward men'
(Luke 1: 5-36,2: 6-14,3: 23-38)
© 2011There fared a mother driven forth
Out of an inn to roam;
In the place where she was homeless
All men are at home.
The crazy stable close at hand,
With shaking timber and shifting sand,
Grew a stronger thing to abide and stand
Than the square stones of Rome.
For men are homesick in their homes,
And strangers under the sun,
And they lay on their heads in a foreign land
Whenever the day is done.
Here we have battle and blazing eyes,
And chance and honour and high surprise,
But our homes are under miraculous skies
Where the yule tale was begun.
A Child in a foul stable,
Where the beasts feed and foam;
Only where He was homeless
Are you and I at home;
We have hands that fashion and heads that know,
But our hearts we lost - how long ago!
In a place no chart nor ship can show
Under the sky's dome.
This world is wild as an old wives' tale,
And strange the plain things are,
The earth is enough and the air is enough
For our wonder and our war;
But our rest is as far as the fire-drake swings
And our peace is put in impossible things
Where clashed and thundered unthinkable wings
Round an incredible star.
To an open house in the evening
Home shall men come,
To an older place than Eden
And a taller town than Rome.
To the end of the way of the wandering star,
To the things that cannot be and that are,
To the place where God was homeless
And all men are at home.The greatest gift of God to man is Christ!
The love for creature man that God displayed;
Born in a manger of Virgin Mary,
By the power of the Holy Spirit,
To redeem mankind from the wages of sin,
So that, ev’n sinners can go to Heaven.
The birth of baby Jesus is Christmas.
Heaven and earth rejoiced when he arrived;
“He would be named Emmanuel! ” said God.
And grow up wise with knowledge of scriptures;
And suffer for no sin or faults of his;
But die by crucifixion at young age,
Resurrect on third day, defeating death!
His sacred blood-shed wipes out any sin;
All sins confessed are forgiven by God;
He would die for all mankind, present, past;
He brought both peace and joy to life on earth;
He was a Prophet, miracle-worker;
He was God’s son in whom God was well pleased!
Christmas gave new hope to human beings;
God could forgive all mortal sins of man;
Hell was for devils; not for every man;
All those who repented would see God’s face;
Jesus was Messiah, God’s begotten son;
God so loved the world, He gave his one son!
Christmas is in giving;
Christmas is in sharing;
Christmas is in loving;
Christmas is in caring;
Christmas is in humbling;
Christmas is in suffering
For others, for Christ’s sake!
Christmas is in repenting;
Christmas is in praying;
Christmas is in forgiving;
Christmas is in keeping
Our souls sinless and pure;
Christmas is in bringing
Back Christ into our hearts!
Copyright by Dr John Celes 12-7-2006A farmer's wife, both young and gay,
And fresh as op'ning buds of May;
Had taken to herself, a Spouse,
And plighted many solemn vows,
That she a faithful mate would prove,
In meekness, duty, and in love!
That she, despising joy and wealth,
Would be, in sickness and in health,
His only comfort and his Friend--
But, mark the sequel,--and attend!
This Farmer, as the tale is told--
Was somewhat cross, and somewhat old!
His, was the wintry hour of life,
While summer smiled before his wife;
A contrast, rather form'd to cloy
The zest of matrimonial joy!
'Twas Christmas time, the peasant throng
Assembled gay, with dance and Song:
The Farmer's Kitchen long had been
Of annual sports the busy scene;
The wood-fire blaz'd, the chimney wide
Presented seats, on either side;
Long rows of wooden Trenchers, clean,
Bedeck'd with holly-boughs, were seen;
The shining Tankard's foamy ale
Gave spirits to the Goblin tale,
And many a rosy cheek--grew pale.
It happen'd, that some sport to shew
The ceiling held a MISTLETOE.
A magic bough, and well design'd
To prove the coyest Maiden, kind.
A magic bough, which DRUIDS old
Its sacred mysteries enroll'd;
And which, or gossip Fame's a liar,
Still warms the soul with vivid fire;
Still promises a store of bliss
While bigots snatch their Idol's kiss.
This MISTLETOE was doom'd to be
The talisman of Destiny;
Beneath its ample boughs we're told
Full many a timid Swain grew bold;
Full many a roguish eye askance
Beheld it with impatient glance,
And many a ruddy cheek confest,
The triumphs of the beating breast;
And many a rustic rover sigh'd
Who ask'd the kiss, and was denied.
First MARG'RY smil'd and gave her Lover
A Kiss; then thank'd her stars, 'twas over!
Next, KATE, with a reluctant pace,
Was tempted to the mystic place;
Then SUE, a merry laughing jade
A dimpled yielding blush betray'd;
While JOAN her chastity to shew
Wish'd "the bold knaves would serve her so,"
She'd "teach the rogues such wanton play!"
And well she could, she knew the way.
The FARMER, mute with jealous care,
Sat sullen, in his wicker chair;
Hating the noisy gamesome host
Yet, fearful to resign his post;
He envied all their sportive strife
But most he watch'd his blooming wife,
And trembled, lest her steps should go,
Incautious, near the MISTLETOE.
Now HODGE, a youth of rustic grace
With form athletic; manly face;
On MISTRESS HOMESPUN turn'd his eye
And breath'd a soul-declaring sigh!
Old HOMESPUN, mark'd his list'ning Fair
And nestled in his wicker chair;
HODGE swore, she might his heart command--
The pipe was dropp'd from HOMESPUN'S hand!
HODGE prest her slender waist around;
The FARMER check'd his draught, and frown'd!
And now beneath the MISTLETOE
'Twas MISTRESS HOMESPUN'S turn to go;
Old Surly shook his wicker chair,
And sternly utter'd--"Let her dare!"
HODGE, to the FARMER'S wife declar'd
Such husbands never should be spar'd;
Swore, they deserv'd the worst disgrace,
That lights upon the wedded race;
And vow'd--that night he would not go
Unblest, beneath the MISTLETOE.
The merry group all recommend
An harmless Kiss, the strife to end:
"Why not ?" says MARG'RY, "who would fear,
"A dang'rous moment, once a year?"
SUSAN observ'd, that "ancient folks
"Were seldom pleas'd with youthful jokes;"
But KATE, who, till that fatal hour,
Had held, o'er HODGE, unrivall'd pow'r,
With curving lip and head aside
Look'd down and smil'd in conscious pride,
Then, anxious to conceal her care,
She humm'd--"what fools some women are!"
Now, MISTRESS HOMESPUN, sorely vex'd,
By pride and jealous rage perplex'd,
And angry, that her peevish spouse
Should doubt her matrimonial vows,
But, most of all, resolved to make
An envious rival's bosom ache;
Commanded Hodge to let her go,
Nor lead her to the Mistletoe;
"Why should you ask it o'er and o'er?"
Cried she, "we've been there twice before!"
'Tis thus, to check a rival's sway,
That Women oft themselves betray;
While VANITY, alone, pursuing,
They rashly prove, their own undoing.It's mighty lonesome-like and drear.
Above the Wild the moon rides high,
And shows up sharp and needle-clear
The emptiness of earth and sky;
No happy homes with love a-glow;
No Santa Claus to make believe:
Just snow and snow, and then more snow;
It's Christmas Eve, it's Christmas Eve.
And here am I where all things end,
And Undesirables are hurled;
A poor old man without a friend,
Forgot and dead to all the world;
Clean out of sight and out of mind . . .
Well, maybe it is better so;
We all in life our level find,
And mine, I guess, is pretty low.
Yet as I sit with pipe alight
Beside the cabin-fir
take to-night
The backward trail of fifty year.
The school-house and the Christmas tree;
The children with their cheeks a-glow;
Two bright blue eyes that smile on me . . .
Just half a century ago.
Again (it's maybe forty years),
With faith and trust almost divine,
These same blue eyes, abrim with tears,
Through depths of love look into mine.
A parting, tender, soft and low,
With arms that cling and lips that cleave . . .
Ah me! it's all so long ago,
Yet seems so sweet this Christmas Eve.
Just thirty years ago, again . . .
We say a bitter, last good-bye;
Our lips are white with wrath and pain;
Our little children cling and cry.
Whose was the fault? it matters not,
For man and woman both deceive;
It's buried now and all forgot,
Forgiven, too, this Christmas Eve.
And she (God pity me) is dead;
Our children men and women grown.
I like to think that they are wed,
With little children of their own,
That crowd around their Christmas tree . . .
I would not ever have them grieve,
Or shed a single tear for me,
To mar their joy this Christmas Eve.
Stripped to the buff and gaunt and still
Lies all the land in grim distress.
Like lost soul wailing, long and shrill,
A wolf-howl cleaves the emptiness.
Then hushed as Death is everything.
The moon rides haggard and forlorn . . .
"O hark the herald angels sing!"
God bless all men -- it's Christmas morn.Just once before I die I would
so love to see a lot of smiling faces,
each morning when I board the city bus.
Mind you, there is no pressing need
for outright reverence or admiration.
I am completely able to interpret all
nuances of your now familiar lines
crows' feet and ordinary wrinkles are,
what I have stared into, each working day.
So let me draw conclusions as I wish
as I lean back against the grimy, shiny  seat,
wrapped like a Christmas gift from God
inside my salt and pepper London-tailored suit.This section is a Christmas tree:
Loaded with pretty toys for you.
Behold the blocks, the Noah's arks,
The popguns painted red and blue.
No solemn pine-cone forest-fruit,
But silver horns and candy sacks
And many little tinsel hearts
And cherubs pink, and jumping-jacks.
For every child a gift, I hope.
The doll upon the topmost bough
Is mine. But all the rest are yours.
And I will light the candles now.Once again it's Christmas Time,
time for us to be,
Busy wrapping presents
and setting up the tree.
It seems we have so many things,
to think of and to do,
We may forget that Christmas,
has a deeper meaning too.
A meaning that goes far beyond,
the things the eye can see,
Such as Holly wreaths, Mistletoe,
and Gifts beneath the tree.
For these are only Symbols,
of what happened Christmas morn,
When in a little manger,
GOD's only Son was born.
GOD put HIM here upon this Earth,
with one idea in mind.
To put New Hope around the World,
and LOVE in all Mankind.
So even though we're busy,
and have many things to do,
Let's not forget that Christmas,
has a deeper Meaning too.A holly wreath hung on the door,
Or presents strewn across the floor,
Tall Christmas tree with baubles bright,
Which fills our hearts with such delight.
Carols sung out in the snow,
A Snowman built with eyes aglow,
Crackers pulled, a song to sing,
Candles lit, and bells that ring.
Roasted turkey, which tastes divine,
Rich, fruit cake, with an iced design,
No, the most important reminder of all,
Is the birth of a babe in an Ox's stall.
©   Ernestine Northover'Tis winter-time as snow-flakes fall;
'Tis Christmas-time for all;
And Christmas eve has come at last,
A time to enjoy fast.
A winding lane leads to a door,
A dainty cottage door;
Where baby Jesus will be born,
In freezing cold, one morn!
A Christmas tree is all alit,
With gifts and festoons nice;
As Santa's sledge moves bit by bit,
With gifts, over the ice.
Oh, what a wondrous night indeed!
What Christmas joy's reborn!
And peace will come upon the earth,
With boy-child Savior's birth!Running towards her pumpkin
At the stroke of midnight
Her lost slipper upon the stair
In the silver majestic moonlight
The fairytale turns to dust
As the witching hour begins
Down in the forgotten cellar
Her sorrow and pain she sings
So not to loose her memories of this night’s enchantment
She tearfully produces ink of thoughts onto peasant parchment
Recumbent but weary on her bed of mice invested hay
Crying her self to sleep still and alone Cinderella lay
The next morning prince charming comes round
With the clear glass slipper he had found
A gentleman he lowers down on one knee, while Cinderella sits
Drawing eloquent smiles as the slipper perfectly fitsLike a broken Cinderella,
She turns in the jewellery box,
There is no exit, no escape, no hope,
And she is hanging from a noose rope.
Broken Cinderella, broken Cinderella,
You're over; a broken record,
That cannot play, pain here to stay,
No prettiness to escape to,
No moving forward, only moving back,
Trapped, dead, deceased, over and broken,
With a torn dress, a torn gown,
That is ripped at the seams,
Ripped in her agony, she searches,
But can find no one with a solution.
Her shoes, long since worn out,
Leave her walking a lonely road,
Almost crawling on the ground,
Her heart an empty, cold stone,
With many heavy stones in the load.
She wishes for mercy from the hot sun,
She wished for mercy from the cold snow,
Where is the window? she asks,
Where is my future? A broken Cinderella,
Broken, down and out,
Living all by herself,
With no helping hand,
With no friend or stranger to understand.
And she yearns to be fixed,
She hopes to replace those bricks,
That will make her a new home,
A world where her heart carries no stone,
And leaves her to fly in the blue sky,
Her wings carrying her,
From the unforgiving ground.When we first met it was at  a mask dance party
We only dance once
but last a lifetime
It was a magical time
Even thought we never saw each other face
But you remember how beautiful I dance
I know I left without saying goodbye
And I'm glad you've been looking for me since
Because one song bring two strangers together
And one dance make two stranger fall in love with each other
Baby You are my Cinderella
And I can tell you if we can find each other after all those years
And if one dance make us fall in love
We are going to live happily ever after
The truth is that it wasn't just a dance It  was
A Cinderella DanceThere is a girl and a boy,
Connected only in cyber,
Never met,
Never phoned,
How long can it last?
It is like in the movie ‘A Cinderella Story’,
Her friend said.
The girl loves him so much,
She cannot took her mind off him,
She waits in front of computer every night,
Waiting for her Prince Charming to greet.
They have known each other a year,
They lived very far apart,
It is like one is up there,
One is down the globe,
Can it last?
She wondered.
One day,
Her Prince Charming said those magical words to her,
She was barely able to breathe,
She was the happiest person on Earth,
But Prince Charming loves her as…?
On one beautiful night,
As usual,
She spent almost hours and hours in front of the computer,
Wait till Prince Charming to come,
But he did not,
She was a bit upset,
She wrote to Prince Charming,
‘You love me as what? ’
Prince Charming replied her the next day,
‘I love you as my girlfriend’,
‘Will you be mine? ’
For God’s sake,
She was absolutely wanted to be his,
‘I sure will’,
It was the best day of her life.
So, there it was,
For her,
She hopes her story does not end just like that,
She will wait for her Prince Charming,
To come to her,
In reality,
Not just in cyber,
Even if it take 100 years.
She wanted them to see,
She wanted him to take her hands,
She wanted to dance in the rain with him,
She wanted to feel his warm,
She wanted him for sure,
She will wait, she swore.
A Cinderella Story?
It is different with her story, she thought,
It is just the same,
When it comes to how they stay connected.Cinderella was a nice gal
Always did what she was told
Put others before herself
Cinderella had lots of hopes and dreams
One day in the town she heard of the ball
CInderella wanted to go
Really really bad
Her step mom gave her touble
Her sisters were ok
But she never went
Beucase no one cared
Poor cinderella cried
Dreams really don't come true
Fairytales are fake
Cinderella never found her prince
She never really went to any ball
She lost all her hopes and dreams in life
Cinderella never got a granted wish
Poor cinderella
True love never found her
When she was old
Cinderella died an old maid
When Cinderella went to heaven
She was treated like a real princess
Angels planed a ball for her
And made her a pretty white gown
Jesus danced with her
Then he took her by the hand
And led her to her handsome chosen prince
It was all worth the shattered hopes
And dreams in life
To have a fairytale ending in heavenAdelaida: A Cuban Cinderella
Written by Ana Monnar
{PAGE 1}
Once upon a time, on the island of Cuba lived two sisters named Adelaida and Marisol. Although identical twins in appearance, their personalities were as different as night and day. Adelaida was noble and loved to help others. She understood that the situation at home was not easy. Their father worked 14 hours a day and their mother was frail and very ill. So Adelaida would wake up very early every morning to cook breakfast and have it ready for her father before he’d go to work. They would eat together while they talked about many different matters.
{PAGE 2}
Adelaida would then prepare a tray for her mother; with love and tenderness she fed her each meal of the day. She also insisted on helping the nurse care for her much-loved mother. She spent time brushing her mami’s hair and would take pleasure in it.
{PAGE 3}
On the other hand, Marisol believed that the world revolved around her. After sleeping until noon, she expected a breakfast menu. From the moment that she stepped out of her bed, she would holler, “Adelaida, bring me my breakfast! ”
Adelaida would serve her sister bacon, eggs, toast, juice, and milk. She would hurry to take the plate to the table and cater to her sister. But Marisol always complained that the food was not hot enough, or the drinks not cold enough. No matter how much Adelaida would try to please her, it never seemed to be enough. Marisol often wanted favors during the very moment that her sister was caring for their mother, and so Adelaida would ignore her sister’s whining and tend to her mother first.
{PAGE 4}
During the long hours of each day Adelaida would sweep the floor, wash, iron, and do the dishes. In between chores, she would hurry each time Marisol rang a bell demanding her services. Marisol would command, “Curl my hair! ” “Wash and iron my clothes! ” “Make my bed! ” “I’m hungry! ” “I want chicken and yellow rice, salad, and custard for dinner! ”
Adelaida would just give in to her sister’s demands to avoid confrontations that would disturb their mother’s peace. Luckily Adelaida had dogs, cats, and birds that adored her and followed her around. Even the mice would come to keep her company and help out. Little Maria the mouse carried the napkin on top of her head to set the table. Sometimes Adelaida and her critters would have fun together carving a giant pumpkin to make pumpkin soup, pumpkin pie, and pumpkin custard.
{PAGE 5}
One evening when their father came home from work he called both of his daughters. Adelaida and Marisol both kissed him and listened to what he had to say. With a frown, he mumbled, “My boss is having a dinner at his mansion and he wants our family to attend. Mr. Perez wishes to reward me for being the employee of the year. He also is very proud of his son who just finished his internship and graduated as a doctor. He is coming home just in time for the Christmas holidays and he would like for us to meet him.' In his mind he was thinking, ‘How am I going to get my wife to go? She is so weak and frail.’
{Page 6}
Adelaida, who felt and shared her father’s concern and sorrow, read his mind and replied, “Papi, you go ahead and enjoy the party and take Marisol with you. I will stay home with Mami and I promise to call the nurse if I need the extra help.”
Marisol leaped and yelped, “It sounds like a great plan to me! Take me shopping for a new dress, shoes, purse, and jewelry.” Deep in her mind she was scheming to snatch the young doctor. If she married rich she could have servants, a chef, and a chauffeur.
Their father tried to coax Adelaida into going with them. He said, “Adelaida, please come along with us and I will call the nurse to care for your mother during the few hours that we will be gone.” Adelaida gently but firmly begged her dad to let her stay. He finally agreed.
{Page 7}
The dinner was only two weeks away and Marisol continued nagging about a dress, pair of shoes, purse, jewelry, and now even added perfume to her inventory. Finally, even after working 14-hour shifts, Papi took Marisol out on several occasions to buy her luxuries. If Adelaida, their mother, or the nurse tried to reason with her insistent demands, Marisol would weep and whine until she got her way. Their father looked fatigued and could barely keep his feet firmly on the ground. Adelaida hugged her father and whispered, “Papi, I love you.” He cracked a slight grin and kissed her on the top of her head.
{Page 8}
Adelaida felt sorry for her father and hoped her sister would grow up and mature someday. They were both 23 years old and even though they were twins, their actions and values were poles apart. Adelaida often proved to be as wise as an owl perched up high in a tree as the moon glistened and sparkled above.
{Page 9}
Finally the day of the invitation arrived and Marisol was ecstatic. This would be her big break for securing her future husband! She just wanted to get away from their home, which reeked of medicines, antiseptic, and illness. Adelaida helped Marisol into her gown, but instead of showing gratitude, Marisol's whimpering continued. Marisol applied globs of make-up. If someone were to wet a couple of fingers and roll them against her foundation, rouge, and eye shadow, they would have enough watercolors to cover a canvas with frolicking ocean waves. When she put on her big gold hoop earrings and dabbed on cologne, Marisol was thrilled by the look and smell created by these finishing touches.
{Page 10}
Marisol scurried to her mother’s room and waved good-bye from the door. The nurse could have been knocked over by a feather after observing such selfishness from Marisol. She pondered how one sister could be so kind, loving, and gentle, while the other was egotistical and self-centered. The nurse had been coming to the house for weeks, having been hired when the mother began to feel weaker and was confined to bed. She was a dutiful and observant nurse who continuously nourished those who needed her help. When the nurse went home for the evening, Adelaida would sit by her mother and hold her hand as she sang to her. Her soothing voice would help her mother fall asleep.
{Page 11}
Adelaida’s father kissed his wife’s forehead and then thanked Adelaida for being so caring and devoted. Marisol yelled from across the corridor, “Papi, hurry up or we’ll be late! ” Although he loved both his daughters equally and played no favorites, he could clearly see the difference in their behaviors.
{Page 12}
Marisol and her father arrived at the mansion. The butler greeted them and announced their appearance. Mr. Garcia’s gentle boss, wife, and son welcomed them. Mr. and Mrs. Perez inquired about the whereabouts of his wife and his other twin daughter. The humble Mr. Garcia replied softly with sad and shameful eyes, “My wife is ill, weak, frail, and bedridden so my other daughter Adelaida stayed home caring for her. She insisted that we come and have an evening out.” Young Dr. Perez did not even glance at Marisol. He just thought it odd that one sister was out partying, while the other was looking after her mother. Mr. and Mrs. Perez felt sorry for the family’s suffering and offered to take the meal to the Garcias’ home and eat there instead. Marisol was flabbergasted! ‘This can’t be happening! I must be having a nightmare! ’ she thought.
{Page 13}
Both families drove to the Garcia residence. The servants and chauffeur carried the meal inside. The Perez family members were guided to the master bedroom where Adelaida was brushing her mother’s hair as she sang so sweetly. Although Adelaida had no make-up and was wearing simple clothes, she looked cool, calm, collected, and as faithful as a saint. Young Dr. Perez looked at Adelaida’s emerald-green eyes and realized that this was one young lady that he would love to befriend. At the end of the corridor Marisol’s green eyes displayed her jealousy and envy.
They sat down around the ill Mrs. Garcia, spoke softly, and ate holding their plates with one hand and their forks with the other. They ate black beans, rice, pork, and fried plantains. Adelaida did not begin eating until she slowly and gently fed her mother first. By this point Marisol was starving, so she devoured her food.
After this very enlightening visit, the young doctor asked Mr. Garcia if he could come regularly to check up on Mrs. Garcia and visit Adelaida. Mr. Garcia was very grateful for his interest and agreed.
{Page 14}
The next day the young doctor appeared at the Garcias’ home. He read the chart with the diagnosis of the illness and then examined Mrs. Garcia. Dr. Perez wrote a prescription for a medication that had been tested and approved in the United States, but was not yet that well known in Cuba. He asked the twin young ladies to go to the pharmacy. Adelaida without hesitation obeyed and was ready to walk a mile and a half to buy the medication. Marisol, however, refused to go with the excuse that she was too tired. She thought that if she stayed while Adelaida was absent, perhaps the doctor would notice her instead.
As Adelaida walked the distance, she took joy in observing the squirrels climb the trees. In the meantime, Marisol, without any concern for her mother, just batted her eyes at the doctor and continued her selfish ways.
Each day Dr. Perez would come to check on their mother. It was very clear that he had compassion for the poor suffering woman. He also fell in love with Adelaida and her good deeds.
Marisol tried every trick in the book to split them up. But the more she tried, the more love bonded her twin sister with her new-found love.
{Page 15}
The nurse, an observant witness to Marisol’s selfish actions, was astounded. She waited until the doctor left one day and led the twins to the garden. She did not wish to upset the lady of the house.
As all three stood outside, the nurse said in a very sweet voice, “You, Adelaida, are sincere, kind, loyal, and nurturing, and for that I will grant that every time you speak, good things will come out of your mouth! ”
Then the nurse turned to Marisol and with a harsh tone of voice said, 'You, Marisol, are so selfish, self-centered, mean, and manipulating that each time you open your mouth to speak, only bad things will come out! ”
Adelaida quietly pleaded, “Please don’t hurt my sister, she is just immature and will one day change.” When pearls, rubies, and diamonds suddenly came out of Adelaida's mouth, Marisol was amazed and looked frightened but thought, ‘I wonder, what if I speak and get riches also.’ So she dared say, “Now what sort of bad things could really happen? ”
A snake slithered out of her mouth and she looked petrified. Marisol, without thinking, squealed, “Stop it! ” Before she even finished speaking, a crocodile dashed out of her mouth. Adelaida, being a kind soul, begged the magical nurse to forgive her sister. She cried, “Please take my riches away each time I speak, and remove the curse from my sister’s tongue, ” while more jewels spilled from her mouth and onto the floor.
For the first time, Marisol was enlightened by her sister’s love for her. Deeply touched, Marisol felt sincere remorse. The nurse could sense both sisters’ love for each other, and love conquered evil. The spell was broken, ending after 23 minutes had elapsed. One minute for each year of their lives,23 minutes that seemed like an eternity.
When their father returned that evening, he saw that both sisters were waiting hand and foot on their mother.
{Page 16}
The young doctor returned each day and their mother grew stronger and healthier. Once her health improved miraculously, he continued visiting Adelaida every single day. He asked her parents for her hand in marriage and they were pleased. His parents were very happy for their son and blessed him for choosing such a nice and noble girl.
The next day he surprised Adelaida by knocking at her door. On her front lawn was the most elegant elephant. The circus was in town and young Dr. Perez hired the ringmaster to assist with the elephant as a unique surprise.Riding it was the cutest mouse holding a sparkling diamond ring. Adelaida was in awe as she accepted his proposal. This time around both sisters’ emerald-green eyes shimmered. Marisol was very happy for her sister and gave her a big hug full of love.
{Page 17}
The wedding took place in Varadero Beach under the sunset. Only the immediate family attended. But off in the distance the magical nurse observed the scene and smiled. She knew that the Garcia family would not need her services anymore and it was time to move on to help another family.
The seagulls glided and flew in sweet harmony as the breeze broke the waves along the shoreline. The young doctor and Adelaida decided to make their home in Havana, Cuba, near their parents, where they lived happily ever after.I still believe in Cinderella story.
And I am even worse.
There's no concept of time.
When your heart strikes '12 o'clock',
There will be a new pair of shoes for you.
Waiting for you to shine again.
There's no concept of time.
There will always be a new pair of shoes,
No matter how old you are, how ugly you are,
how unhappy you are.
Waiting for you to shine again.Cinderella!
I need your crummy clothes cleaned.
First, make sure you have every stain off them.
You need to look decent tonight for the guests.
Next, Hang dry them so that they do not bleed into the other clothes.
I do not need you to have anymore bright blue shirts.
Last, Put them away.
Flor them so that the creeses match up.
And place them into your drawersCinderella a woman of thoughts
A woman of brave and questioning mind
Stood for education and empowerment
Never brawled but a bravura in actions.
Cinderella had grown to woman hood
Facing all challenges to the girls
Still faced them in her style of brave
No one had courage to face her challenges.
She was not a bravado someone suspected
She was a hero in circumstances warranted
A valiant girl fought for justice
Never she minded the cowards opposing progress.Cinderella and her dog
sat at home on the old log.
Sisters had gone to the dance
homely ones did have no chance.
Said the dog 'my Cinderella,
may I be this evening's fella,
we could wash and dress with care
and could make a handsome pair.'
She had raised her bushy brow,
asked the clever dog just how
they would get into the castle
while avoiding a big hassle.
'You are nothing but a mutt,
always scratching your big butt,
full of craziness and fleas
barely reach up to my knees.'
Dog had motives quite ulterior,
said 'I'm not at all inferior,
every dog, on the inside
hides a man beneath his hide.
All it needs is one French Kiss,
which in turn produces bliss,
makes me into your own prince
(turns away and quickly grins) ,
Bravely Cinderella acts,
knowing only half the facts.
Kisses him for one whole hour
to release that magic power.
But no miracle breaks free,
dog lifts leg now, just to pee,
doesn't seem the least surprised,
she has still not realised
that the dog has pulled her leg.
So she now begins to beg:
'I will kiss you one more time,
please come out, man in your prime.
Let me tell you that your breath
is far worse than Father Death.'
So, they kiss again and linger
as the Emperor's own singer
happens to be wand'ring by,
carrying a rhubarb pie.
'Sir', pleads pretty Cinderella,
you, the singer Pico Bella,
can you give us some advice? '
Pico says 'You have nice eyes,
but a mutt will stay a mutt,
into man a mutt cannot
metamorph through simple kissing,
since he has genetics missing.'
Well, she turned now to the critter,
hot, enraged and really bitter,
'How could  YOU,  a lowly dog
who sleeps in a hollow log
trick me into kissing French
with your halitosis stench? '
'Look', he answered, 'truly sorry,
first, I had to have a story,
all my life I've not been kissed,
but I am a journalist.
Hired by the King's own wife,
never gotten into strife.
Learned that one can grab a chance
if the lady likes to dance.'My outstretched arms surpass the point
Of normal, taxing every joint
By reaching, gasping, pulling in
The cloistered thoughts that lie within.
We meet in quiet, swathed in night,
Our bodies bathed in candlelight,
As words are whispered, sparsely spread
Between the bureau and the bed,
Where, skin-on-soul, our friction roars
While each of us, in turn, explores—
The vastness shuts—a shrink-wrapped world
Containing two, enclosed and curled
Together in contented bliss,
A rhythm set, no breath amiss
Within the syncopated shell
Of our imagined wishing well,
Which shimmers not with silver coins,
But softly gleams, as love enjoins,
With eyes awash in dancing hues,
A flashing mesh of browns and blues.
Our funneled gazes turn the lock
On earthly cares, to catch the clock—
11: 59—pre-chime,
Before it strikes our ending time—
Instead, we claim the lives we know,
The challenges, the chores, although
One day, with limitations gone,
Perhaps our dream will sidle on
Beyond the Cinderella toll,
Where, unencumbered, we could roll
Towards a truth, on steady wheels,
Of freer time, and new ideals.On the memory of seeing Mary Pickford's 'Cinderella or the Little Glass Slipper' on a children's toy projector one silent film childhood Christmas; the companion piece was a Mickey Mouse short feature; my father was driven to desperation every time he was asked to thread that impossibly small machine (and we asked him a lot) .
to my mother and father for separate beautiful reasons -
feather-stitching these glass shadows
silent frame by frame
how could you help but wonder
later on
what all the shattering was for?
then you were telling us stories
in the dark green garden chair…
let it not be said
that is where the story ends…
Cinderella.  Cendrillon.
though it may not be magic-
you can't be blamed for
storms on a distant sun
am I the only one who sees
those
sunspots seeping through
the mystical rustling in the orchards-
where did they come from?
where did you?
here are the crystals, sequined- still-
in my lost hand- you may find missing
from your gown, your head, your heart
soft lemon afternoons like the ones in Renoir.
somehow, it all gets scattered in the dark
and you wonder where to stand
in a flickering brilliant language seldom used
except in a few newsreel half-projections
on the wall-the year in semi-review-
whose year was that?
it wasn't mine-
though it might be said
and surely was, that
music was her last diadem,
even when she fled
leaving all Enchantment behind her-
so they said-
and her bright skirts swirling
like the dream of Light itself
in a receding universe
and tearing her pale
raspberry satin hem-
it must have been that colour…
on every hazel twig in sight
barely above ground...
God lives in the remnants
so she smiles, opening her birthday gifts
of clocks that never chime;
putting in water the bunches of violets
that last and last...
you cannot fail to notice, even now,
that earliest sparkling is best and the
last to leave the party under the trees she says to
her crystal children on the breeze
the one with the paper lanterns
no longer living.
my darlings, don't get lost
beyond the pink glass frosted
fawn on the walnut what-not…
so we promised not to-
and to live on where rose curtains swayed
Cinderella.  Cendrillon…
shine out of sight, yourself, alone-
you'll know more than angels in
the end for you are good-
the best clue in all the kingdom
after a lifetime spent
rinsing out your pale peach
print again and again
hoping not to be found but just to be left
here dreaming…
and slipping the slipper carefully
into an apron of cloud…
mary angela douglas 9 april 2012
Note to Reader:  It has come to my embarrassed attention that I
have pronounced the word 'Cendrillon' in an imaginary accent
but I am leaving it that way because I cannot hope to duplicate the
coincidental special effects in the video.  Does it help if I listen to Debussy and Ravel continually? I hope so...Behold the beauteous maiden... ill-fitted to those rags...
And quite often heavy laden... as on and on life drags...
Yet despite her heart now broken... by others and their spite,
All her sighs were gently spoken... though she still prayed each night...
For sorrows had not crushed her soul... nor tempered female dreams...
Nor overcome her self-control... as others planned their schemes...
She scrubbed the floors, watched others smile... and took life in her stride...
As if she sought to pass each trial... with gratitude not pride...
For she was not the owner here... and that she knew full well...
The others made that crystal clear... what more was there to tell?
But Fate is known to intervene... to lend a helping hand...
Arranging things as yet unseen... with purposes still planned...
And so it was, one night love came... when she went to a ball...
The Prince's heart no more the same... she was his miracle...
When found at home, his heart was glad... his love he could not hide...
With Cinderella no more sad... the day she was his bride...
Denis Martindale March 2019.The birthing of articulated expression
will always find its means of entering
into the world outside and beyond
the inner recesses of our awareness.
I love the wee and trippy hours of the
after midnight when the glass slipper
lay glimmering aloof in the moonlight
and the weary dreamer sets some
ink of thoughts onto the parchment
of a woozy head - too early in the day
to be about one's inescapable routines
too late in the night to do but dream
This is the witching hour in a life
where most everything is transfixed
in the baffling clarity of cerebration
the muses dancing in glad celebration[to my Grandmother, with love]
we are the queen of nooks and crannies,
she sparkled, pulling a raisin bun from the air
with pink frosting on it?
you have to come prepared, she said
then a can of pink frosting appeared
on a lower shelf with a butter knife
I never saw before in my life.
and we had tea, deliciously who cares
what anyone else thinks.
plenty to drink of cherry fizz
or raspberry glitz or anything else
if you think of it, chilled, on chipped ice;
be nice and don't dawdle.
but dawdling is what the day is for
we both agree when it's green outdoors;
an April green and a wind that blows
and we are the very rose that blows
my fairy Goddear and I;
two twinkles in God's eye.
mary angela douglas 9 april 2016A Prince's Dream
Slender slipper
Of a slippery antelope
Heart elopes
Sentience
Tiny toes
And heeled soles
A tinge of toe jam
Feet and Play
Tender soles
Woven in Assam silk
A prince's foot fetish
Smells Like Halloween
A slipper
Made of glass
Smelling of pumpkin
A Slipper Made Of Glass
Beyond misty mountains
Beyond the cover of oceans
Rests a transparent loveCinderella got lost
somewhere in between
the countryside and palace
that she'd never seen.
Walking through mud,
face streaked with tears
still clearly so beautiful,
the slippers were clear.
But soon she got covered
in the worst kinds of things
and she didn't understand
what marriage would mean.
She had no conception
of being the queen,
so she met a young beggar
and settled, for him.
They lived in a hovel
right outside town;
she'd watch the processions
of royals going down.
She often wondered
how it might feel
to sit on a throne
(it gave her a thrill!) .
As she tended the fire
and sat in the cinders
she would dream of a life
with riches unending.
The end.Cinderella the beautiful girl
I saw in my dreams
she was flying in a flying saucer
Looking the universe in curiosity
Striking the events of universe
From star to star she tried to reach
The flying saucer glittered in nights
That I saw in my eyes
Cinderella looking the planets
The beautiful earth, mars and all
The life breath facility in saucer
Technology were so superior to man
She felt no thirst or hunger in journey
She was blessed with gods will
Beautiful cinderella always prayed
In journeys she remembered the humans
The fellow people who loved her
The affection of her beloved mother
The fairy made problems to her
The lovable prince's charm she thought
The well ridden poems in human mind
Cinderella can read the minds prettily
Just like human computers in action
The stars, moons of different types
Different worlds, different live systems
Poor cinderella became blessed one
She got a place near the planets
For ever she looks to the earth she came
She shined and glittered like jewels
Where there is no prince, or paupers
The world of contentment only there
Where material gain is not a concern
In fact cinderella is a great enlightened
The nobility of a great human being
And an Angel's beauty and clarity in her
The flying saucer ever ready to carry
Cinderella the beautiful girl ever ready
To go from planets to planets and stars
Above oceans, mountains, and hillocks
To proclaim the noble feelings of love
The essential teachings of love she carries
The flying saucer superior to all
The loving mind ever superior to all
We can farewell cinderella for her journey
Till attaining the kindness in all creatures.cinderella lied,
she never lost her glass slipper
only her virginity...
and so did he,
(the prince, i mean)
he lost himself inside her,
somewhere deep between the sheets
(between the lines)
and between the sheets
he read her passion
felt her lust
grasped her thrust
cinderella liedCinderella was a good girl who went with the flow;
When the clock struck twelve, she knew she must go,
As she followed the good godmothers advice
And she never even had to think twice:
'Don't stay out after midnight, or you'll turn to a Ho.'
Cinderella got kissed by the prince;
There was magic involved, before the kiss:
A pumpkin became a coach
And a cigarette, a roach
And then this whiskey turned into piss.When the countdown's over
I won't be disappeared
I still want to meet you
If I could
If it's still the same
If the time stops
I don't need pumpkin cart
I don't need glittering gown
And I don't need glass shoes
Till midnight
Stop the needle of clock
from cyber idol minkYou are the Cinderella and
I want to be the man  to take your hand and help
you stand to be your man in all the land
the glass has fallen from your foot and
when I find it that’s when I find you to make it fit
I hope it do to hold you I want to but to lose
you is coming too I know its life
and that for me is almost through
but once it’s over I hope that you are happy too,
when you leave me I will know it’s through and
all I will have left to say to you is
I bid you a due and I love you tothe clock will chime and you'll
remember what she said.
your dress will turn to sand;
your ribbands dissolving...
and criss-cross in the stars
you see your future, marred
and the diamond ships wavering.
it's time for walking home at
a fast pace leaving no trace
but you don't realize yet
(your heart is dazed)
one slipper still remains,
its own constellation
in plain view.
so drenched in evening dews
that even in rags, you'll
still sparkle,
vanishing from his sight;
oh, that you could take flight
from your own grieving;
singing, the world is sand
and the Hour glass, God;
forgetting a dream's
a bit opaque, at best.
but something at the gate's behest
gleams, try to understand... the rest!
says wait, oh wait, while from
the shimmering tree in the garden
slips mellifluously;
in gold array,
another day.
mary angela douglas 9 january 2016You always read about it:
the plumber with the twelve children
who wins the Irish Sweepstakes.
From toilets to riches.
That story.
Or the nursemaid,
some luscious sweet from Denmark
who captures the oldest son's heart.
from diapers to Dior.
That story.
Or a milkman who serves the wealthy,
eggs, cream, butter, yogurt, milk,
the white truck like an ambulance
who goes into real estate
and makes a pile.
From homogenized to martinis at lunch.
Or the charwoman
who is on the bus when it cracks up
and collects enough from the insurance.
From mops to Bonwit Teller.
That story.
Once
the wife of a rich man was on her deathbed
and she said to her daughter Cinderella:
Be devout. Be good. Then I will smile
down from heaven in the seam of a cloud.
The man took another wife who had
two daughters, pretty enough
but with hearts like blackjacks.
Cinderella was their maid.
She slept on the sooty hearth each night
and walked around looking like Al Jolson.
Her father brought presents home from town,
jewels and gowns for the other women
but the twig of a tree for Cinderella.
She planted that twig on her mother's grave
and it grew to a tree where a white dove sat.
Whenever she wished for anything the dove
would dropp it like an egg upon the ground.
The bird is important, my dears, so heed him.
Next came the ball, as you all know.
It was a marriage market.
The prince was looking for a wife.
All but Cinderella were preparing
and gussying up for the event.
Cinderella begged to go too.
Her stepmother threw a dish of lentils
into the cinders and said: Pick them
up in an hour and you shall go.
The white dove brought all his friends;
all the warm wings of the fatherland came,
and picked up the lentils in a jiffy.
No, Cinderella, said the stepmother,
you have no clothes and cannot dance.
That's the way with stepmothers.
Cinderella went to the tree at the grave
and cried forth like a gospel singer:
Mama! Mama! My turtledove,
send me to the prince's ball!
The bird dropped down a golden dress
and delicate little slippers.
Rather a large package for a simple bird.
So she went. Which is no surprise.
Her stepmother and sisters didn't
recognize her without her cinder face
and the prince took her hand on the spot
and danced with no other the whole day.
As nightfall came she thought she'd better
get home. The prince walked her home
and she disappeared into the pigeon house
and although the prince took an axe and broke
it open she was gone. Back to her cinders.
These events repeated themselves for three days.
However on the third day the prince
covered the palace steps with cobbler's wax
and Cinderella's gold shoe stuck upon it.
Now he would find whom the shoe fit
and find his strange dancing girl for keeps.
He went to their house and the two sisters
were delighted because they had lovely feet.
The eldest went into a room to try the slipper on
but her big toe got in the way so she simply
sliced it off and put on the slipper.
The prince rode away with her until the white dove
told him to look at the blood pouring forth.
That is the way with amputations.
They just don't heal up like a wish.
The other sister cut off her heel
but the blood told as blood will.
The prince was getting tired.
He began to feel like a shoe salesman.
But he gave it one last try.
This time Cinderella fit into the shoe
like a love letter into its envelope.
At the wedding ceremony
the two sisters came to curry favor
and the white dove pecked their eyes out.
Two hollow spots were left
like soup spoons.
Cinderella and the prince
lived, they say, happily ever after,
like two dolls in a museum case
never bothered by diapers or dust,
never arguing over the timing of an egg,
never telling the same story twice,
never getting a middle-aged spread,
their darling smiles pasted on for eternity.
Regular Bobbsey Twins.
That story.The clock strikes midnight
and the magic ends:
the fairy tale is over
and the truth offends.
The coronet, the necklace and the gown
and shawl of ermine trimmed with eider down
to tinsel and to ashen rags have turned;
only a slipper, left in haste
upon the stairway, overturned,
remains unchanged and fancy chaste.
The streets are all deserted, save for mice
scuttling for safety through a broken wall
as Cinderella draw her tattered shawl
around her shoulders'
but she feels at once that this will not suffice
to warm her body or to quell her beating heart
which is as cold as ice!
Back to the ashes of her fireplace
back to the dust from which she came
before her fairy touched her with her wand
and put a blush of beauty on her face,
changed all her drabness to magnificence,
set magic to her name
so that no longer could she be the same
she goes and crouches trembling in a corner!
Than she, what other soul could be forlorner!
O, frightened soul, my little Cinderella,
don't you remember that you left behind'
a slipper onto the stair?
You did not disappear
and leave no telltale sign to show
that you were really there:
the lovely maiden of the fairy tale!
Even now, the heavenly prince
is out in search of you,
your slipper in his hand,
to slip upon your foot
and take you back with him
to his own land!This week I ran,
I ran from home.
My father was cruel,
He treated me like,
A simple slave child.
I ran to a friends,
Trying to leave town.
We almost escaped,
Then he saw us,
He took me straight home.
Once we arrived,
I packed all my things.
As he begged me to stay,
He said something was wrong,
He wasn't sure what.
He went to the phone,
I ran out the back.
To my friends once more,
The cops have soon come,
They said, 'we can do not'.
So know here I am,
A run away girl.
No more treated as if,
I am Cinderella,
Without a kind prince.
But a prince I need not,
For I have many friends.
With many a true,
I hold them all close,
For I am Cinderella.
And one day I'll have my Prince.I wish I could be you're Cinderella
I wish I could meet you at a ball and
You find my glass slipper and bring it back
Then sweep me off my feet
Take me away in that carriage
Let it just be you and I
Let me be your one and only princess
I want to be your Cinderella
Oh please let me be your one and only Cinderella
September 13,2007Am, amalgam!
With the ways of life;
Proof, roof!
With the ways of mankind;
Love!
Very sensible and very careful;
But, with the sweet muse of peace and joy.
Cinderella, real, dear, ear, read, deal, lead, led, lad, near, cine, line, den, era, dine;
Prove, rove!
Playing along in the garden of love to discover the sweet muse of peace.
Cover, discover!
With the muse of the joy in your heart;
And, into the forest of peace to rest your mind in the land of your muse.
Hoe, how!
To inspire and be inspired;
By the ways of peace and the ways of sweet love,
In the land of beautiful flowers whare joy reigns.
Love!
Quite safe with the laws;
Life!
Reluctantly agreeing to love;
And, for a better tomorrow in the land of peace.I used to think that beauty is for the roses
I used to think that elegance is for the gazelle
Now I discovered that Cinderella is beauty
Now I discovered that Cinderella is elegance
I have seen humility with great height
I have met respect with enormous length
But take it from me; Cinderella is the peak of humility
Yes! Believe me, Cinderella is the end of respect.
I am surely not sinking behind
Neither am I standing by myself
This is not a daydreaming
Certainly, it is not fantasizing
Cinderella, how graceful with your pose
Cinderella, how beautiful with your beauty
Cinderella, how elegant with your steps
Cinderella, how queenly with your look
Cinderella, though black and shining
Is the light in the darkness?
Cinderella, though living and bubbling
Is the dream of any man?
You are the world's greatest, Cinderella
You are like living in the fairly tales
Someone very rare to come by
Only just with a stroke of luck
You beat my imaginations, Cinderella
You confound my expectations, Cinderella
You are a dream come true, Cinderella
Your foot fits the lost shoe, CinderellaOh! Cinderella the beautiful girl
Perhaps we are not knowing each other
But trying to remember always
But forgot to achieve my memory
Oh! Cinderella the little one
The hardships you faced well known
The crooked mind tried to destroy
The hook nose of your enemy there
Whom you fear for your ill fortune.
Oh! Cinderella a noble minded girl
Ever we are for your support here
Never mind of the devils attempts
The world is always love with you.On the white sheet you lie stretched out,
your hot breath is caressing my cheek softly,
with the yellow-peach rain you did come
when the thunder hangs grey-white curtains.
The deep smell of your perfume overwhelms me,
lingers in clothes as it sometimes do,
we become part of each other, time passes,
when dreams and reality meet
and on the morning I find your lost shoe.Father met a lovely lady,
She had two daughters one
was crazy
Father and daughter went
to stay
In a mansion far away
Father turned ill one cold
day
everyone bowed their heads
to pray
Stepmother turned into a
witch
along with daughters became
a bitch
Cinderella was their slave
She stood tall tired and
brave
Cinderella's friends were very
few
she knew exactly what to do
Take care of stepmother
sister too
work and work till day is
thru
One day a messenger came to
call
inviting all girls to a ball
The prince was home it was
getting late
girls meet him at the kingdoms
gate
He was looking for his wife to
be
the King also wanted to see
The ugly sisters gowns were
fine
Cinderella thought where is
mine
Her little friends and two
field mice
thought about her problem
twice
We'll make a gown for our
friend to wear
she'll be beautiful ever so
fair
So the friendly sewing circle
began
sewing A lovely satin band
stepsisters started to contrive
to destroy her gown never to
arrive
Her fairy Godmother came in
view
She knew exactly what to do
Touched her with a magic wand
a fabulous gown she put on
Dressed in her stunning gown
of white
Cinderella was a pure delight
Waiting for her carriage of
gold
her future was about to unfold.
to be continueA lonely child with toil o’ertaxed,
Sits Cinderella by the fire;
Her limbs in weariness relaxed,
And in her eyes a sad desire.
But soon a wreath is on her brow;
A bonny prince has claimed her hand;
And she’s as proud and happy now
As any lady in the land.
Ah, then to see a fairy bright,
And to have granted what you would,
You only needed to do right,
You only needed to be good.
But this was in the days of old,
When man to wiser folk would bow;
And though you were as good as gold
You’d never see a fairy now.
And yet they must have managed well
If only half the tales are true,
The wondrous tales the writers tell
Of what the fairies used to do.
But now the world has grown so wise
It does without the fairies’ aid;
And who can find a prince that tries
The shoe upon a beggar maid?
It must have been a better time
When virtue always met its due,
And “wicked men who dealt in crime”
Were punished by the fairies, too.
But never more they’ll come again
To give the good what they desire;
And Cinderellas wait in vain,
And weep beside the kitchen fire.She takes in a breath as the roaring sun sets
And watch shadows fade into faint silhouettes
The smell of melted pink candles filled the air
As she sat beside Zeus in His mighty chair
The burning cold air caressed her long, black hair
Unraveling a night so mysteriously fair
As she takes a last sip from her iced champagne
She felt the forsaken blood run through her vein
Foolishly struggling and trying to keep sane
From all the anxiousness it cannot contain
She will try to set her tainted spirit free
She will try to find the secret garden's key
And sail briskly amidst the Aegean sea
Though trapped within William Shakespeare's tragedy
~mingThe clock has just struck one.
Have you seen Cinderella tonight?
Was she ever real?
Lost in the mist
Of lies and deception,
Hidden in the shadows
Where she used to feel safe,
With the aid of a secret Godmother,
Her ghost tries to find the light.
And as the moon is chased by the sun
Magic is replaced by reality
And all again are plain
And ordinary
And lifeless.
Tomorrow night
Her withered spirit
Will try once more to find her prince.
She believes that dreams are
Our pathway to magic
And I am definite that
Fairy tales end only when
We allow them to.How my mother treats me, sweeping out the golden straw.
Only can it tilt us and it's us it can when only,
deeply in the girls our clear feelings show the crimson heels.
Arrows point out the doubts of what has yet to come.
Mask of crimson, the pupils of her green the silver hair,
made up is fate, face is fair the which she burns it up.
Just as suddenly like the wind when he arrives with fans,
and as I climb up the carriage steps it tilts.
He moves away now it retracts and it then begins again.
Each movement of the hand and arm sweet violin.
I am shy the palace is a worm like my dark hole.
Where I was kept like sour wine it can't be slipped.
Pinks and yellows red the rose from back to front.
Chalice like my being climbs the wall of sweet lilacs.
Grace this state I shine and the coming stars and years,
I hope each revolution yet to come slides up as night
must bring me down to what I am and my guilt for what was done.
The sound draws near the sound it is I wish corrosiveness.
Two arms one second hand of the clock which never heard.Is Cinderella leading a happy life with her dearest prince still,
hand in hand, heading towards the same destination?
She knows how to eat with a fork made of gold?
She finds the silver cup to heavy to hold?
She ever fails to meet his expectation?
Can the loneliness her happiness kill?
She has a friend to talk to?
......
Yes, she should be happy,
she must be happy,
for I have provided her the best life a girl can possibly have,
and I have given her my every care to turn her into a real princess.
The prince said with confidence.
But is she still Cinderella?Cinderella means the personality or beauty of a person,
Or things remain unrecognized in real and in version.
In our society there are some talented and wise people,
Some of them come to the knowledge of nation in ample.
There are some extraordinary children in our society,
Who can dance, sing and play on music in variety
Of course mass media brings some to our eyes,
Till in remote area few lads are left in rise.
There are some medicinal plants till now unrecognized,
Animals cure themselves by using these plants recognized.
Society develops through the person with strong personality,
They must come to our eyes that have the perfect morality.
Let's try to find them and to vanish of Cinderella,
Make hay while the sun shines or keeps in rain an umbrella.My name's not Cinderella,
I don't need to be saved.
I don't have a wicked step mom,
My father's not away.
I don't sleep in the attic
I don't clean the fire place.
My name's not Cinderella
Now get out of my face!
I don't cook all the dinners
the breakfast, or the lunch
if I get in a fight, it's safe to assume
that I threw the first punch.
I'm not your Cinderella.
I don't need to be set free.
But if i did, I hope you'd play
The prince who rescued me! ♥If my name was Cinderella
You could be the prince
I could wear my sparkling prom dress
We could fall in love the moment our eyes meet
If my name was Cinderella
If my name was Cinderella
We could have a song
And dance in the silver moonlight
You could hold me tight and spin me in the air
If my name was Cinderella
If my name was Cinderella
You could pick me up
In your gold and diamond carriage
You could be the hero of this fairytale
And I could be the one
If my name was Cinderella
But I can’t breathe, whenever you’re with me.
Can you feel my heartbeat in my chest
It’s getting faster every second
Time slows down,  you are better than the best
But would you feel the same
If my name was Cinderella
I can’t breathe
‘Cause I’m not Cinderella
Until you’re here with me
I’m not Cinderella
You touch my lips
I’m not Cinderella
Then you show me with a kiss
That I’m your CinderellaA light like yours can lead me home.
A body warm inside my arms.
A fantasy so alive, made of flesh and bone.
A voice of warmth, a scent of light.
The taste of sunshine and the sound of your sight.
Might just be enough to save my mind.
If only once again I can find.
Cinderella dressed in white.
Standing next to me tonightWhy looking blue today
What’s the matter with you?
Where is Prince Charming?
Who are looking for now?
How you could have done this?
The teardrops fall tonight
Lost without a care to fight
Blowing in the wind now
Are the dreams you left
Your hearts in you hands
Slipping away till falls
Shattered it to pieces
Trying to put it back
With what is left of you
Thinking is there anything else
That I could do now
I wished it all a way
Here I am sitting here
Looking at shooting stars
Getting lost as I amCinderella, why do you wish to be like anyone else?
Your fine by yourself.
People notice you because your different
Cinderella, why do you wish to be pretty?
What you have is called inner beauty
I’m not giving you my pity
Cinderella, Why don’t you stand up to those snobs?
They are garbage compared to you
The people who rob
End up blue
Cinderella, Why don’t you take what’s yours?
And not just dust either
Stop doing those chores
Cinderella, Why don’t you go out?
Not as a maid but who you really are
Go a different route
You will shine like a star
Cinderella, why don’t you let the beauty out?
The prince will like you for you
Go out and about
Forget the glass shoe
Cinderella, why don’t you forget its midnight?
Show the prince who you really are
You wont win without a fight
I’m telling you shine like star
Be yourself not someone elseDreaming
Every night
About holding you
In my arms
Your lips touching mine
In a never ending kiss
A promise of forever
With you by my side
My Prince Charming
That never did I think
In this world I would find
Flesh not fantasy anymore
That is my secret longing
To know you
To be held by you
Whispering
I love you and will never stop
Even after death
Nothing shall part us
If only
Fate would allow
I would be your Cinderella tonight
It's true
Yes, I have fallen in love with you
Sight unseen
Voice unheard
Heart and soul
How I long for you to be mine always
Praying
That soon we two shall find
The one thing we have always
Needed and hungered for
Tonight please lover come to your Cinderella
Writing this
So that you will know
I am here and I am waiting for you
Forever if I have to
I swear
Never will I stop trying to find you
The other half of my soul
The only man who can make me complete
God and I know you are out there
It is only a matter of time and fate before
Face to face we meet
Cinderella and her prince
Forever more
2008 Ramona ThompsonHer imaginary playmate was a grown-up
In sea-coal satin. The flame-blue glances,
The wings gauzy as the membrane that the ashes
Draw over an old ember --as the mother
In a jug of cider-- were a comfort to her.
They sat by the fire and told each other stories.
"What men want..." said the godmother softly--
How she went on it is hard for a man to say.
Their eyes, on their Father, were monumental marble.
Then they smiled like two old women, bussed each other,
Said, "Gossip, gossip"; and, lapped in each other's looks,
Mirror for Mirror, drank a cup of tea.
Of cambric tea. But there is a reality
Under the good silk of the good sisters'
Good ball gowns. She knew... Hard-breasted, naked-eyed,
She pushed her silk feet into glass, and rose within
A gown of imaginary gauze. The shy prince drank
A toast to her in champagne from her slipper
And breathed, "Bewitching!" Breathed, "I am bewitched!"
--She said to her godmother, "Men!"
And, later, looking down to see her flesh
Look back up from under lace, the ashy gauze
And pulsing marble of a bridal veil,
She wished it all a widow's coal-black weeds.
A sullen wife and a reluctant mother,
She sat all day in silence by the fire.
Better, later, to stare past her sons' sons,
Her daughters' daughter, and tell stories to the fire.
But best, dead, damned, to rock forever
Beside Hell's fireside-- to see within the flames
The Heaven to whosee gold-gauzed door there comes
A little dark old woman, the God's Mother,
And cries, "Come in, come in! My son's out now,
Out now, will be back soon, may be back never,
Who knows, eh? We know what they are--men, men!
But come, come in till then! Come in till then!Pretty as a flower. Wild as a rose. Free as
a raven, off into the skies she goes. Dancing
until midnight. Till her eyes tire and close.
Then off into wonderful dreams, she does dose.
Cheerful and bright. A little bit too daring,
compassionate and caring. Her dinners are a
delight. As she slips into her ball gown, her
carriage awaits out under the, moonlight. And
any man would be lucky, to be her knight! ! !We, the students do feel
That literature is a big deal
It is full of nonsense, 'tis true
But we can make lively and nice too
I believe in you, my friends
That you can achieve your ends
In understanding literature and its aims
And knowing all its titles and great names
Some poets can be role models for us
Others' idoicy we can laugh at and discuss
We may learn from some historic events
And take the morals behind what is meant
Some plays can be a source of inspiration
For students' great works and innovation
With this, my friends I end my song
Hopefully, nothing in it is at all wrongI guess you think you know this story.
You don't. The real one's much more gory.
The phoney one, the one you know,
Was cooked up years and years ago,
And made to sound all soft and sappy
just to keep the children happy.
Mind you, they got the first bit right,
The bit where, in the dead of night,
The Ugly Sisters, jewels and all,
Departed for the Palace Ball,
While darling little Cinderella
Was locked up in a slimy cellar,
Where rats who wanted things to eat,
Began to nibble at her feet.
She bellowed 'Help!' and 'Let me out!
The Magic Fairy heard her shout.
Appearing in a blaze of light,
She said: 'My dear, are you all right?'
'All right?' cried Cindy .'Can't you see
'I feel as rotten as can be!'
She beat her fist against the wall,
And shouted, 'Get me to the Ball!
'There is a Disco at the Palace!
'The rest have gone and I am jealous!
'I want a dress! I want a coach!
'And earrings and a diamond brooch!
'And silver slippers, two of those!
'And lovely nylon panty hose!
'Done up like that I'll guarantee
'The handsome Prince will fall for me!'
The Fairy said, 'Hang on a tick.'
She gave her wand a mighty flick
And quickly, in no time at all,
Cindy was at the Palace Ball!
It made the Ugly Sisters wince
To see her dancing with the Prince.
She held him very tight and pressed
herself against his manly chest.
The Prince himself was turned to pulp,
All he could do was gasp and gulp.
Then midnight struck. She shouted,'Heck!
I've got to run to save my neck!'
The Prince cried, 'No! Alas! Alack!'
He grabbed her dress to hold her back.
As Cindy shouted, 'Let me go!'
The dress was ripped from head to toe.
She ran out in her underwear,
And lost one slipper on the stair.
The Prince was on it like a dart,
He pressed it to his pounding heart,
'The girl this slipper fits,' he cried,
'Tomorrow morn shall be my bride!
I'll visit every house in town
'Until I've tracked the maiden down!'
Then rather carelessly, I fear,
He placed it on a crate of beer.
At once, one of the Ugly Sisters,
(The one whose face was blotched with blisters)
Sneaked up and grabbed the dainty shoe,
And quickly flushed it down the loo.
Then in its place she calmly put
The slipper from her own left foot.
Ah ha, you see, the plot grows thicker,
And Cindy's luck starts looking sicker.
Next day, the Prince went charging down
To knock on all the doors in town.
In every house, the tension grew.
Who was the owner of the shoe?
The shoe was long and very wide.
(A normal foot got lost inside.)
Also it smelled a wee bit icky.
(The owner's feet were hot and sticky.)
Thousands of eager people came
To try it on, but all in vain.
Now came the Ugly Sisters' go.
One tried it on. The Prince screamed, 'No!'
But she screamed, 'Yes! It fits! Whoopee!
'So now you've got to marry me!'
The Prince went white from ear to ear.
He muttered, 'Let me out of here.'
'Oh no you don't! You made a vow!
'There's no way you can back out now!'
'Off with her head!'The Prince roared back.
They chopped it off with one big whack.
This pleased the Prince. He smiled and said,
'She's prettier without her head.'
Then up came Sister Number Two,
Who yelled, 'Now I will try the shoe!'
'Try this instead!' the Prince yelled back.
He swung his trusty sword and smack
Her head went crashing to the ground.
It bounced a bit and rolled around.
In the kitchen, peeling spuds,
Cinderella heard the thuds
Of bouncing heads upon the floor,
And poked her own head round the door.
'What's all the racket? 'Cindy cried.
'Mind your own bizz,' the Prince replied.
Poor Cindy's heart was torn to shreds.
My Prince! she thought. He chops off heads!
How could I marry anyone
Who does that sort of thing for fun?
The Prince cried, 'Who's this dirty slut?
'Off with her nut! Off with her nut!'
Just then, all in a blaze of light,
The Magic Fairy hove in sight,
Her Magic Wand went swoosh and swish!
'Cindy! 'she cried, 'come make a wish!
'Wish anything and have no doubt
'That I will make it come about!'
Cindy answered, 'Oh kind Fairy,
'This time I shall be more wary.
'No more Princes, no more money.
'I have had my taste of honey.
I'm wishing for a decent man.
'They're hard to find. D'you think you can?'
Within a minute, Cinderella
Was married to a lovely feller,
A simple jam maker by trade,
Who sold good home-made marmalade.
Their house was filled with smiles and laughter
And they were happy ever after.Cinderella in the street
In a ragged gown,
Sloven slippers on her feet,
Shames our tidy town;
Harsh her locks of ashen grey,
Vapour vague her stare,
By the curb this bitter day
Selling papers there.
Cinderella once was sweet,
Fine and lily fair,
Silver slippers on her feet,
Ribands in her hair;
Solid men besought her hand,
Tart was she as quince,
Living in a fairy land,
Waiting for a Prince.
Days went by and years went by,
Wistful wan was she;
Heedless of a mother's sigh,
Of a lover's plea;
On her lips a carol gay,
In her heart a dream -
Soon the Prince would come her way,
Gallant and agleam.
Then at last she learned the truth,
How her hope was vain;
Gone her beauty, gone her youth,
Leaving want and pain.
See! she's waiting all alone;
Hark! you hear her cry
Papers by the cold curb-stone,
Begging you to buy.
Winter winds are waxing chill,
Clouds rack overhead;
Cinderella will be ill,
Bye and bye be dead.
Yet she kept her vision clear,
To Romance was true,
Holding him forever dear
Whom she never knew.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Cinderellas of to-day
Take no chance of loss;
When a good guy comes your way,
Nail him to the cross.
Let some ordinary cuss
Your coy heart convince;
Never miss the nuptial bus
Waiting for a Prince.Cinderella was quite a nice girl, at the start
Then her mother passed away, which broke Daddy’s heart
But “Time heals all wounds”, and again he did marry
Of Daddy’s second wife, Cindy was wary.
For the woman was vain, most jealous and proud
“I’ll make this girl suffer! ” the old hag vowed
She and her two daughters, whenever Dad was away
Made Cin sleep in the cellar – that was on a good day!
Came a time when the heir to the throne (the prince)
Sent out invites to a ball (though at some girls he did wince)
For the ball was intended to find his fair bride
Kind, caring, princessy and not stuffed with pride
Cinder’s stepsisters were ooh! so very excited
She’d never seen them more distracted, disguised and delighted
All week, in Dad’s absence, she slaved to prepare
Scrubbed their dresses, ironed scarves and dreadlocked their hair
On the night of the ball Cinders eagerly did say
“So what do you think? Purple? Light grey? ”
“But you’re not going! Her stepmother cried from chambers within
And dragged to the cellar, Cindy’s stepsissies shoved her in
Off they went to the ball in a Ferrari F5
Leaving Cin alone in the cellar to scream, rant and rave
Just as she, in her anger, was about  to hurl a chair
“Do put that down, dear” a fairy said  and appeared from thin air
“Oh god-ma, do you really think you could? ”
She could and she did, with the warning she would
Have to be back by midnight, that’s all, off you go!
In no time at all a Merc dropped her off, “Oh! Thanks, Bozo! ”
Well, what a shock she got when she stepped in to the ballroom
She cried” I don’t want HIM to be my bridegroom! ”
For the prince was not tall, dashing, dot dot dot
On the contrary, he was speckled with spots and quite short
Cindy had a perfectly horrible night
Once home, she pleaded with all of her might
“Oh god-ma, I’ve learned a jolly good lesson”,
“D’ya think you could find me a nice man…like your grandson? ”
In no time, Cindy and god-ma’s grandson were wed
He was a kind boy, caring and very well-bred
And the prince? He  still scours the whole kingdom for feet
To match a glass slipper what Cindy lost at the palace in her hurried retreat.It’s Midnight my love
Its time for me to disappear
And leave behind my
Golden slipper
For you to find
Making sure that
There will be another
Evening of pure delight
Don’t stop me my love
It’s a written rule from above
That your Cinderella
Must leave no matter what
At midnight on the dot
For if she does not
Yours will not
Be a happy lot
Please turn around my love
Cast a glance at the
Beauty that abounds
In this lovely gathering
Of dolled up ladies waiting
To play the game of mating
While you do that
Like lightening
I will be gone
For now
but I promise
I will come back againShe was the Cinderella
waiting for her prince charming,
but soon enough
she finallly found him.
She always doubted
he was the one,
and that he would leave her
for someone better,
even when he called her perfect
and that there was no one else
to take her place.
He was the prince charming
looking for his Cinderella
and he found her.
He would give her a look
followed by a gentle smile,
then a kiss.
He loved her
no matter how much she doubted him.
He knew they would be together forever.Pierced the Rays of mighty sun-
To wake her up from slumber.
With head weighing like a ton,
She awaited for the thunder.
Shouts came, heavy steps in follow
Cleared her face, as slept near hearth.
Prepared she for yet another blow,
Calmness and patience she taught
And everyone called her Cinderella.It's raining out there, would you mind to join me?
Lets play in the rain, we'll laugh and dance till the rain's over.
It's 11: 16 pm right now, the clock will strikes to 12 soon.
Oh, I wish I'm Cinderella, I just need to end all this stupid act.
Come on, let dance with me till the song's over.
Before the rains stop, please can you be my prince?
I just love to dance in the rain, because in that way, you'll never notice me crying.I’m standing on the stairs in a magnificent hall
Wearing the dress that I bought for the ball
It’s long and flowing, sparkling white
My tiara of diamonds shines in the light
At the bottom of the stairs you’re waiting for me
And I gracefully float down for all to see
You take my hand and touch my face
You’re the only one I notice in the expansive space
We’re now dancing in shadows of flickering light
Holding each other close, holding each other tight
You kiss my neck and then touch my face
Then kiss my lips in a loving embrace
Time stands still whilst we are together
Feels so good, it seems like forever
I look at the clock, that cannot be right
But the bells start to chime, confirming midnight
But there’s no need to leave
From the ball tonight
I’ll be with you my prince
For the rest of our life.Descend from the foothill and don't you feel the humidity?
Dew drops scattered all over the meadow as pearls.
Give me your hand; hand-in-hand we can pick them before the sun rise.
The flowers forget-me-knots & chrysanthemums were in bloom next to Midwife's yard.
Do not forget to bring your cane basket.
Hand-in-hand; we can collect them before the sunrise.
Please bring your home work book too,
On the way we can do some corrections & fill in the blanks
In the moonlight before the teacher comes.
Cinderella, please give my lost childhood.Amidst a darkened night
lay a dreadful sight,
inside a pumpkin;
she made her home.
Abandoned by her family
a stray in society.
She wears a torn, blue dress
her body- now straw
with stiches tearing apart her sides.
Once she was beautiful,
a prince would marry her any day.
But poor Cinder's never got the chance
Cinderella missed the dance.
Her fairy god mother was a deceiver
now only a rat would kiss her.
Her glass slippers full of cracks
her smile is cracked.
She missed the deadline as the clock struck ten.
Cinder's thought she had till twelve,
but the doors where closed, of the house she used to call home.
Her  eye's turned to buttons, all on their own
Cinderella had the pay the price.
So the fairy took her soul
she became a doll with a story- she was a so called fairy tale.
Used to wreak havoc on us humans and to manipulate our dreams.
-06/04/2015-there was once a girl I knew
Her name was Cinderella
But Cinderella is way too long
We'll call her just Ella
Ella was a spoilt kid
Oh yes, she was
She rather barks than talks
not someone to cross
Then Gloomy air Spread everywhere
As her mother died with heart attack
All relatives cried at the news
Ella also did, but it was fake
His father married again
The lady had daughters of her own
Beautiful they were, oh yes
Names: Isabella and Sharon
Our Cinderella was very jealous
girls had taken her place, not one but two
Ella wanted to take revenge
From the girls, and their mother too!
But before she could do anything
The handsome prince called a ball
All the maidens were invited
It was to take place in the castle's hall
Excitement arose everywhere
Beautiful looked our Cinderella
But her stepsisters were their too
And their was no match for Isabella
The prince walked in the room
His eyes fell on Isabella
He asked her for a dance
And not our Cinderella
Soon the news spread through the kingdom
Prince and Isabella were to marry, no pretend
But then something happened
The prince chose Cinderella instead!
on the marriage day, bells rang
Ella and prince were coupled
But prince looked so forlorn and sad
As though he had just been crumpled
And as the carriage went, people wondered
What was it, that had dejected him
But we know the truth, that
Cinderella had a revolver to torture him!'Oh I so...love to go
to balls! '
she laughed
as he gasped
clutching him
through his Armani trousers
kicking off her
what looked for all the world
glass slippers.
She smiled
(to hereslef)
unzipped and held him
stiffly
dangerously
like a bomb
that could go off
at any given moment
she the trigger
he pulsating
gorgeously in her hand
'Ah...this I love
this the best part
of a man! '
'I lost in lust
loving
the beauty of
the beast! 'The party is over,
the last dance is playing,
and soon you’ll be going home,
and once again hanging up,
your Cinderella shoes.
(8 August 2007)Cinderella a great social symbol
Stood for service to fellow humans
Family woman stood with her
Rights issues took by Cinderella
Took the cases to courts of justice.
Organised the woman for empowerment
Education were her favorite theme
The little girl she persuaded to school
The Poor girls she gave books and bags
Cinderella the great girl of friendship
The neighbors respected ever in pride
She was a brave, had strong will power
Seldom shown mercy to the abusers.
Cinderella herself had a chosen carrier
The human psychology she graduated
Counselling made to the woman in village
Where she tried her best to raise the respect
That deserved the woman in public life.The sky is watching
As the night is listening
She stares out the window
her eyes glistening
As she awaits in her castle
Waiting for her prince charming…Every girl has once fell victim
Of the Cinderella Syndrome
Where her dreams and fantasies wonder around
And have a tendency to roam.
She dreams of a life with a step-mother and sisters
Who treat her so cruel and mean
But then she’s saved by a magic Godmother
And becomes the most beautiful ever seen.
With a gown so beautiful and slippers of glass
She quickly heads out to the ball
And there she dreams the Prince will see her
And think she’s the fairest of all.
And then she’ll dream of dancing with the Prince
And be in treasured bliss
Knowing that their love will soon come true
Once they share that infamous kiss.
Yet midnight strikes and now the carriage
Is a pumpkin from the change
But she knows the ending of this fairytale
And knows her dream won’t rearrange.
But she does not have that glass slipper
To prove the shoe did fit
And her dream of ever being with the Prince
Is now only a counterfeit.
And yet young girls keep dreaming on
Without knowing the actuality
That glass slippers, and Princes and true loves
Will never be a reality.i have this disease, it
makes you think there
is happiness and that
there is no wrong done i the
world
it makes you belive that
you can be happy all the
time
that someome will take
you away from this hell hole
that your asleep and
just having a bad dream, and
that youll wake up and
everything will be perfect.
i have this disease
and its called
Cinderella-syndrom.Cinderella the cute girl
Cinderella the poor girl
The kind full heart there have
The noble thoughts always
Still there were enemies
The poor Cinderella wandered
Chased by the devils
Grace of god protected
Demons made there traps
God saved from dangers
Poor Cinderella have no death
Wandering for well being
Of the living Cinderellas
In countries beyond her reach
Warning to safety ways she cares
Cinderella a symbol of love
Cinderella a sign of hardship
Cinderella a victim always
Still triumphed on her love
Faced the life challenges
And got married to the prince.Cinderella the dear girl
The fondness of love you gave
The unselfish gestures to guests
The great wishes of you
Ever it is pleasure to remember
Curses followed you but never minded
Attempts to destroy the future
Never minded, but always cried
The god saved you at last
You got your loved one the prince
The great achievement for your life
Cinderella the kindness in your heart
Love the children and the world
Humanity in your words always
Pleasantness in your feelings followed
Ignorance never minded
Attentive to the  people whom you care
The world is with you poor girl
Not as a victim but a successful heart.Delight you cinderella
The world of joy there we see
The world of hope we expect
The world of peace there will be
Rejoice, my sister cinderella
Never we desperate and disillusioned
There is glittering shines ahead
There is helping hands surrounded
There we see the lifeboats when drowns
The needy man have no pride at all
The needy hand always never tires
Cinderella the little one
The great human heart god's bless
Ever you will win never fail
You are the hope, you are genuine
The symbol of unity oh! Cinderella.There I saw a beautiful girl
In the little street of the town
In shabby dressed, the girl seen
In speedy steps she was walking
But somewhere in fear she seemed
The time was evening nearing dark
The night was slowly taking place
The girl was in busy walk in street
The girl is beyond the reach of eye
Where I mistaken for cinderella the girl.Cinderella the young one
Her story a tragic one
written by hearsay
Turned to be a moral one.
Cinderella the beautiful
Cinderella the marvelous
Cinderella have no comparison
Gods grace showered in her
But tested with bad events.
Cinderella the luckier one
Saved from the wicked ones
Got one the great prince
The prince himself charming
The prince himself good looking
Ever pride to the dignified girl
Cinderella the young girl
From curse to blessing she became.Once upon a time there was a daughter,
In family of merchant she was in laughter.
The time came she lost her both parents,
Thirteen brothers left one sister tenants.
All brothers were happy with sister-in-laws,
Family fell in maintenance of their clause.
Brothers were affectionate towards sister,
Love was unbending and love was their factor.
One day brothers went for business far place,
Sister played with friends to win life's race.
Sister-in-laws planned and tortured her more,
In absence of brothers she cried from her core.
Brother's wives sent her to forest with goats,
On grazing one was missed she fell in notes.
She cried in deep forest due to tiger lion fear,
Forgetting in path in pain she searched in cheer.
Soon she surrendered before supreme God,
In God's feet she poured devotion and did nod.
Fear went away; obstacles broke at a moment,
With courage moving in forest got goat comment.
Prayed God to forgive them to her sister-in-laws,
She urged God to free all from illusion's claws.
Victory of Cinderella, daughter of dead merchant
Even today people sing Gog's glory, verses chant.So this is love?
Is this what they told me of?
Because I don't feel the connection
And where it is going, which direction
So this is what makes life worth while?
Has it always been this style?
How is it to fill the empty spaces
If I cannot even see its true faces
So this is love?
I don't feel that it is enough
Because my heart can't fly with wings
And my heart hasn't found the song its to sing
So this s the warmth of aglow?
Well, I don't think that I know
That Heaven is as divine
And I can tell that it will never be mine
So this...
Is the miracle that I've been dreaming of?
So this...
Is love? ...My biggest fear since I was small has
ever been fear of boring nothingness
I commiserated with the animals for
their confinement to the here and now
and their enslavement to nature’s cycles
desperately seeking my own escape
through mind- power and ethereal
thoughts, but today I realize BEING is
JOY –only I am bereft of that privilege
of joyful being through my allergy…
I’m so glad to know the goodness of
the universe, but my question is
why was I born without the ability
to enjoy being ‘per se’, confined
to discomfort and pain – why was
I left out of everything? And will
this Cinderella ever get to go
to the ball?where are her little helpers
those nice little mice
why is she so alone in it all
where is her fairy god mother
to say 'poof' and it all be gone
she needs a break
she needs for once to care for herself
when will she get to meet her prince
one that will sweeep her off her feet
will love her for who she is
she may not have to ugly step sisters
or a evil step mom
but she has an evil step dad
and distant mother
both with anger problems
i would call it even
she fights to calm her mind
as she dreams of the singing butterflies
she needs to escape
she needs to get away
that is it magic or not
she is packing up her pumpkin
and leaving
good bye
farewell
have a nice life
she cries
with an evil grin
as she rides away
in her half broken pumpkinThe vainest girls in forty states
Were Gwendolyn and Gladys Gates;
They warbled slightly off the air,
Romantic German songs,
And each of them upon her hair
Employed the curling tongs,
And each with ardor most intense
Her buxom figure laced,
Until her wilful want of sense
Procured a woeful waist:
For bound to marry titled mates
Were Gwendolyn and Gladys Gates.
Yet, truth to tell, the swains were few
Of Gwendolyn (and Gladys, too).
So morning, afternoon, and night
Upon their sister they
Were wont to vent their selfish spite,
And in the rudest way:
For though her name was Leonore,
That's neither there nor here,
They called her Cinderella, for
The kitchen was her sphere,
Save when the hair she had to do
Of Gwendolyn (and Gladys, too).
Each night to dances and to fetes
Went Gwendolyn and Gladys Gates,
And Cinderella watched them go
In silks and satins clad:
A prince invited them, and so
They put on all they had!
But one fine night, as all alone
She watched the flames leap higher,
A small and stooping fairy crone
Stept nimbly from the fire.
Said she: 'The pride upon me grates
Of Gwendolyn and Gladys Gates.'
'I'll now,' she added, with a frown,
'Call Gwendolyn and Gladys down!'
And, ere your fingers you could snap,
There stood before the door
No paltry hired horse and trap,
Oh, no! - a coach and four!
And Cinderella, fitted out
Regardless of expense,
Made both her sisters look about
Like thirty-seven cents!
The prince, with one look at her gown,
Turned Gwendolyn and Gladys down!
Wall-flowers, when thus compared with her,
Both Gwendolyn and Gladys were.
The prince but gave them glances hard,
No gracious word he said;
He scratched their names from off his card,
And wrote hers down instead:
And where he would bestow his hand
He showed them in a trice
By handing her the kisses, and
To each of them an ice!
In sudden need of fire and fur
Both Gwendolyn and Gladys were.
At ten o'clock, in discontent,
Both Gwendolyn and Gladys went.
Their sister stayed till after two,
And, with a joy sincere,
The prince obtained her crystal shoe
By way of souvenir.
'Upon the bridal path,' he cried,
'We'll reign together! Since
I love you, you must be my bride!'
(He was no slouch, that prince!)
And into sudden languishment
Both Gwendolyn and Gladys went.
The Moral: All the girls on earth
Exaggerate their proper worth.
They think the very shoes they wear
Are worth the average millionaire;
Whereas few pairs in any town
Can be half-sold for half a crown!I am not Cinderella
I am not beautiful in every way
I do not have malevolent family members
I do not have a prince
I do not have a fairy god-mother
I am not a silent, graceful girl
I am exceptional
I have my disfigurements
I have kindhearted family members
I have a bread boy
I have a guardian spirit
I am a clamorous, unrefined woman
I am not Cinderella
For me, I am unique.She is my Cinderella                                                  And I am her prince for ever,                                        We were born to be like this                                          Cinderella and the prince,                                           Our hearts got united with the                                        Bond of love and in the kingdom                                       Of love for ever and ever,                                           I can not live away from her and                                      She can not live away from me,                                       Our love is pretty and unique in                                      All of its aspects anytime,                                          Our dreams are the same and our                                       Hearts unite to have a strong love,                                  She is my hope and my life and                                        I am her guy who dwells in her heart, so                              We were born to be pretty lovers and                                  To be together for ever and ever.                                    انها سندريلا                                                            و انا اميرها الى الابد                                                   ولدنا لنكون هكدا                                                      سندريلا و الامير                                                         اتحدت قلوبنا برباط الحب                                                 و في مملكة الحب                                                          لااستطيع العيش بعيدا عنها و                                            لاتستطيع العيش بعيدا عني                                                حبنا رائغ و فريد في                                                    كل اوجهه في اي وقت                                                     احلامنا ذاتها و                                                         تتحد قلوبنا ليكون هناك حبا قويا                                       هي املي و حياني و                                                     و انا الرجل الذي يسكن في قلبها, و لذلك                                فنحن ولدنا لنكون حبيبن و                                               لنكون معا الى ابد الابدين.This bell ring spread a beautiful memories
About a girl who tried to catch a little dream
Unfortunely she found herself in a middle of
Life that she couldn’t spend without perseverance
She now close her heart to anybody else
Then a charming prince come to lend a hand
To a poor little girl who couldn’t feel
Love or happiness she’s hard to believe in
I’m not Cinderella or any princess else
She said
I’m not live or wait for white horse mounts
I’m not want to love or be loved
That’s not a thing like I could hand on
Everyday till past I live in the heavy rain
And I don’t need you to give me a sunshine
I’m not cry or hurt at night
Don’t stand on your own mind! ! ! !
I’m not Cinderella or any princess else
Not that time or this time
Waiting for true love?
Don’t say a mess
But yes she used to dream as one
Wear a white dress with a man who stand
Right beside her
Carrying her hand
Then they kissed
Live happy ever after
But
I’m not Cinderella or any princess else
I will love without be loved
And only lost
To a beauty dream like you just appear
And if I give you my heart you will tear it apart
But
I’m not Cinderella or any princess else
No love story will tell in my midnight taleI spend my days like Cinderella
I want a prince of America
I love to dance like Cinderella
I want to live in America
I squeeze my pillow at night
Thinking of holding him tight
In my arms and in my bed
Why God acts like He is dead
I change the channel of TV
May be He is in the movie
I look for him in the web
But I find nowhere my babe
I have waited for so long
To write and sing a love song
Only for him for the dance
So no one else stand a chanceIf I was Cinderella would you love me?
Would you pick me up in a gold carriage and dance with me till midnight?
When I run, will you never give up, and chase after me just to give me a passionate kiss?
Will you marry me the next day, saying that you found your one and true love?
Will you make me feel special, and shower me with love and support that any man should give to his women?
But, that won't happen.
Because I'm not Cinderella. I'm not Cinderella, because I won't have anyone that will love me enough to drive me in a golden carriage, or chase after me when I get to scared to commit to anyone. I won't have anyone that will marry me the next day, because they know that I'm their one and true love. I won't have anyone who will dance with me till midnight, because I'm just that special.
I wont have anyone to give me that passionate kiss.
To give me, that passionate kiss.I'm not that Cinderella, ,
I’m not right all the time,
And I’m not gonna sit in a cold, dusty old attic,
Just Waiting and waiting for that someone to come and find me.
And then one day I realized,
The fariytale life just isnt the life for me.
I'm not that Cinderella.
I know that one day will be the day I'll find someone who loves me,
who needs me,
Who wants me for my heart and soul,
and not just a pretty face,
and he’s isn’t scared to show that he loves me.
A one who will see
that I’m pleased who I am,
I’m not that Cinderella.
I can chase my own Monsters,
Out of my room.
I Can dream my own dreams,
But maybe not accomplish them.
And my knight in shining armour,
Is upto me.
I'm not that Cinderella.
I don't wanna be like anyone else,
I wanna be an individual,
Not like the pretty girls you see in the story books,
JUST ME (:
I'm not that Cinderella.From dusk to dawn,
From town to town,
Without a single clue,
I seek the tender, slender foot
To fit this crystal shoe.
From dusk to dawn,
I try it on
Each damsel that I meet.
And I still love her so, but oh,
I've started hating feet.Don't be afraid of, cinderella
The girl of truth, and nicety
The little one, the joyful one
Where innocence in mind
Energetic in actions
Cinderella, the girl loved by all.
But poor cinderella the poor girl
The devils always followed her
Tried to do damages in full spirit
But her faith always stood with her
She got her prince the most loved one
The noble hearts always wins.Cinderella the girl
The village grown
Neither fairy nor devilish
Only a village girl
An innocent human girl.
Cinderella a serious student
Tried hard to achieve goals
To make herself to become a hero
In studies, sports, and arts
In singing her sound so melancholy
Our cinderella never failed.
Cinderella the girl pubescent
The mother told to neighbors
The women loved her very much
The beauty queen of the village
Cinderella never prided herself.
A humble and lovable human being
Cinderella helped the people
To make the illiterate literate
The inhuman  as a human being
Tried her best for welfare measures.
Still people cursed each other
Still people quarreled themselves
Tried to harm others feelings
Poor cinderella failed her attempts.
Then came a marriage proposal
The beauty of cinderella spread around
The prince came in picture
The devil made to block the proposal
But the prince adamant and decides
To marry the poor cinderella the humble.
She enjoyed the life with humility
Never boasted for her wealth or husband
Tried her best to do services
Liked the people rich or poor no matter.
A successful journey of life she followed.Look me over, kid!
I know I’m neat, -
Little Cinderella from head to feet.
Drinks all night at Club Alabam, -
What comes next I don’t give a damn!
Daddy, daddy,
You sho looks keen!
I likes men that are long and lean.
Broad Street ain’t got no brighter lights
Than your eyes at pitch midnight.Once some children
Said to Grandmother,
"Please tell us a story
We are in wait no bother."
Grandmother with a smile
In her rosy lip,
Began to tell a fairy tale
She sat on a chair hip.
She said about Cinderella
Whom people do ignore,
"Here is a story of orphan girl
She never feels bore."
Her name was Lucy
She had four brothers,
She had moral qualities
She was helping to others.
The brothers went on
A long journey for trade,
The wives ordered Lucy
To went with goats to glade.
There Lucy made the goats
Grazing, she was about to ruin,
A prince came near her
And he made her queen.
They took farewell from sisters-in laws
And they came back to kingdom,
There with all Lucy lived happily
She did get more freedom.
Lucy was moral in character
She was praying God,
God helps those creatures
Who pray him and nod.
Prince recognized the quality
And inner beauty of her,
Here Cinderella vanished
And they lived like Zur.This is one of my poems in my current erotic poem book I am writing to publish later this year. And please it is all based on imagination!
The smell of her strong musky fragrance
Imposed on me a certain disturbance
Clearly in the air there was no romance
Perhaps that was a sign of its entrance
That night I slept but a little
My fingers in a constant fiddle
Tossing and turning
My imagination running
Wow! She was stunning
Her lips alone I couldn’t dismiss
Even with a single kiss
I simply do not know how to ‘take the piss’
Those delicate rosy cushy red lips
Needed seven times seven daily kiss trips
With special tantalizing nurturing from my lips
Her large beautiful breasts
Lay hidden beneath her blouse
She was not yet my spouse
Yet every part of me was aroused
I’ll like to grind my body upon her thighs
Feed her lips with laughter and moaning cries
Share intimacy with her below the midnight skies
Someday maybe together we may fly
Who knows how high if we try!
And when she spoke
Her words alone were electrifying
While I listened mesmerising
Memorising every word she spoke
Until my brain was literally soaked
I like to kiss her body inch by inch
Tease her with every flinch and with soft pinches
Touch and caress her smooth black ebony skin
Taste her breasts as our love manifest at a love nest
Pin her to the bedroom wall and make love to her gently
Talk to her beautiful body all night tenderly
Her juicy pie will get wetter than wet
So she will never forget the day we met
On a beautiful night of poetry
With women writers making history
Her thoughts were with another
At first I thought her poem
Was about her sister or her mother
Never guessed it was her ex-lover
It seems Miss Cinderella
Is still hanging on to what is gone
Miss Cinderella
Sometime, I’ll like to take you out for some fun
The wonderful night past
She vanished so fast
No phone calls, just occasion text and emails
Where have I failed, or have I failed
Before I even started to set sail?
I can’t call now, Life’s pressure is written on my wall
I’m not entitled to pleasure in my crystal ball
But it seems Miss Cinderella
Is still hanging on to what is gone
Miss Cinderella
Sometime, I’ll like to take you out for some fun
Take a walk with you under the sun
Massage your body beautifully as we take turns
Play hide and seek as we take shelter and run
I could bake you one of my delicate buns
Miss Cinderella
Stop hanging to what is gone
All that is past and done
My passion for you is about to be born
My feeling for you is better than none
I invite you to sing with me my song
There is this feeling I have
We cannot be wrong!
Copyright 2006 - Sylvia ChidiI'm a modern Cinderella.
I wish I was more like Twighlight's Bella.
But i'm locked away.
It's like that everyday.
I'm the modern Cinderella.
I wish I was the Enchanted Ella.
My family wants to get rid of me.
This no one really sees.
I'm the Modern Cinderella.
Never mind Bella.
I'm meeting you for the very first time.
This the day I challenge my self to sing 'The Climb.'
I'm the modern Cinderella
Never mind Ella.
We feel in love at first sight.
Now the clock strikes midnight.
I'm the modern Cinderella.
Never the orginal.
Never mind Bella.
Never mind Ella.
I don't run in flight.
I'm prepared to fight.
I'm the modern Cinderella.
See me as I am.
See the real me.
Not the person I pretened to be.
I'm the modern Cinderella.
Nothing like the original.
Not like Bella.
Not like Ella.
Now i've found my modern Prince.
I am me.
I'm the Modern Cinderella....We used to love, we used to dance.
But something happened to make the love vanish.
The dance ended as my Cinderella left me, slipping through my hands like the sands of time.
Now I'm hiding all my pain as I wonder if she's doing the same. Everyone asks if I'm fine, and that I'll move on someday, and I know this is true, but for now, I want my Cinderella back.
It hurts to think about it, no matter what I do, the dreams of the past haunt me.The laughs, smiles, hugs, dates, and kisses. They all won't leave me alone, as I keep wanting her back, nights of restless sleep for a few weeks.
I act like I'm fie, but in reality, I just want her to give me one more chance, perhaps a dance. We would dance slowly, just like before, and I would smile, because I would have my Cinderella back.Gently into the bright future I sway;
Then I met her so fair on my way and
To her beauty a gaze I never say nay. For
In her I see the face of my Cinderella.
Her fairness no comparism, my confession-
Be of the damsel who in heart is full of passion. That
My desire of her I cannot hold back my emotion'
To call her my Cinderella.
The dance of her beauty leaves no measure.
Capturing my fantasy in great pleasure;
Forever with her be my time leisure
To always have a dance with her, my Cinderella.
Round in the shadowy whirl wind of fantasy;
Goes a great sense of me ecstasy-
With streams of passionate intimacy
To always behold her so pretty- my Cinderella.
Behold! Illusions now come to reality.
Imagination in great confidence calleth opportunity
Featuring the heart in that sense of utility'
Of having the one who shall be my Cinderella.
Shall I not look upon your beauty, that
Like a dance in the Milky Way
With heart full of appreciation of
Your majestic effervescence
Say… You are MY CINDERELLA.You seemed like a really good catch
until that night at your place
dollar store votive candles
boxed wine
and for dinner
frozen lasagna
you picked up at the drug store
when you got your industrial
size bottle of opiates
now my good catch
began to rot
Mom always told me about
how many
fish there where in
the sea
and I had to land you
the cheap
broke
slimy
bottom feeder
Mom also said it's just
as easy to fall in
love with a rich man
most millionaires
avoid cheap dates
dull and dusty
conversations
and dollar stores
So I dream of
my knight in
shining armor
and pray he
doesn't
rust before
I find him.
I'm suffering through
a Cinderella story
on hold.Wrongs to commit them.
Are wrongs to commit. Period!
And there is no Cinderella slipper,
Going to fit the magnitude of that foot.
No matter who attempts to push,
That agenda.
In the hope the misdeeds done,
Will minimize the size of what has happened.
To depict the doer,
As a victim of mistaken identity.
Maybe in another fairytale to tell.
And that slipper is replaced,
With a distribution of medication...
To erase all misdeeds,
Witnessed to have taken place.
Deluding a sunken boat rises to the surface.
With no one to remember,
The many moons and midnights to pass.
Hoping to convince what is observed,
Rising to float upon the surface...
Is nothing more,
Than an innocent empty pumpkin.
To have been accused for horrendous activities.
And...
Leaving this deception,
Bought and sold.
By those on the highest of 'highs',
The telling to accept lies will get them!In the glaring sun on the melting sand
She  marches from near by souk
Pushing a shopping cart to noble palace
Where she slaves for the day and night
As usual pulling air into empty lungs
Agape mouthed open eyed
At a hot summer noon
Nightmares of life 'Cinderella' dreams
She gifts fake legs to loving soul mate
Lost his legs in a minefield
Delays father's death swallowing by a cancer
She dives into the sea in search of elixir
Lights lavender candles on mother's tomb
Before she bore in mind died in a flood
Sends three brothers back school again
She wants to give them what she missed in life
Smiles like a heroine murmurs to herself
Wiping sweat off 'Cinderella' sighs
Whole three years she saved a bit
Flies soon back to her homeland
No wonder everybody in her village
Gather round to listen her adventures
Of the magic land where she lived
She remembers all 'Cinderella' witnesses
With a one pat of the magic wand
A mountain of money creates from oil
All rights of humans vanish in a minute
Generosity, kindness change to sandstorm
For a slight mishap downpour of abuses
Colourful apparels raise from heaven
Mock at her peeping into her wallet
Skyscrapers make necks ache
Glittering wealth makes eyes blurred
Cars as arrows pass blasting honks
Carrying princesses of her same age
All these to her just another mirage
'Cinderella' giggles
From far she sees ' Lady' at the gate
Shining shela and abaya in black
Wiping tears off she speeds up
Ten metres per second
'Cinderella' awakes
souk = Arab bazaar
shela =  a kind of scarf Arab ladies cover their heads
abaya = a kind of knee lengthed  black robe Arab ladies wear over casual dress
(Note: I wrote this poem as a tribute to underprivileged young maids who work in rich Arab countries sacrificing their  youthfulness to support  families in their homelands.)Once there was a gal named Priscilla,
'Pon wedding, she was called Cinderella.
But she was heard in a room
Just a fussing at her groom,
And her name was quickly changed to Bridezilla.
(Limerick)From dawn till dusk,
from land to land,
without too much ado,
I'd seek the perfect ankle,
From dawn til dusk
I'd stretch my hand
to virgin, husk, not you!
perceptions change, oh dear, they do!
perfection minds must rankle
In Search of Cinderella
From dusk to dawn,
From town to town,
Without a single clue,
I seek the tender, slender foot
To fit this crystal shoe.
From dusk to dawn,
I try it on
Each damsel that I meet.
And I still love her so, but oh,
I've started hating feet.
Shel SilversteinI would fade away if you pass me over
You’re making me walk through a broken glass
I ‘m getting more comprised in your love as the day passes
You’re not a fantasy, myth or an illusion
You’re the predicament of hopelessness in my story
The prologue starts off in a Cinderella story scene
With riots, masquerade, jamboree and parade
This was the dawn of love era in the century
As I marched your path at the time of misfortune
I got lost with no direction, no map and no one to mascot
The Cinderella scene seems to fade out in the darkness of catastrophe
All the pigments of bliss is no longer in the arena
You change it all for your egoism not knowing I was waning
Now I m standing in inertia with my hope failing
You’re forbidding me in every possible way
And abandoning me in the middle of nowhere
The situation so perilous is digging me into anesthesia
I m falling, failing, crying, stumbling but you never seem to care
This is not what was meant to be in the act
It’s an inevitable site where I m forced down
This insanity is just too factual to rely on
You could stab me or slay me into million pieces
The wind of agony is passing me over with constant might
But it’s not bothering me in anyway I m still standing in inertia
After a while I start to comprehend what the reality is
Promises are always made to be broken without justification
Tears don’t always make thing the way it should be
Cinderella story can end up without any prince charming showing up
Love always ends up with hurt, pain, misery and an unhappy ending
Pigments of bliss is just a faint beam in the darkness
And the most hurtful and agonizing fact is that
Goodbye is a word that is used to go away and it really is foreverDo you remember the Ball, Cinderella, do you recall the Ball?
And the prancing, glancing, dancing
of blissed eyes Do you remember the Ball, Cinderella, do you recall the Ball?
And the prancing, glancing, dancing
of blissed eyes Chance kissed romancing;
and the breeeze teasing sneeze when I fell to my knees with a bawl,
winter freezing causing wheezing,  seizing me just when advancing,
causing you to forestall!
shining goblets fine wine full, lining guzzling gullets, free for all,
the vicious suspicious looks of ambitious
matrons with delicious daughters on call!
supercallifragilisticexpialidocious withal!
Do you remember the Ball, Cinderella, do you recall the free-for-all brawl?
Then the clock that twelve struck when luck ran amuck
when the slipper slipped ‘mid many
that it didn’t fit, - not any, neither Terri, Tonie, Jenny, -
And the hammering on the doors and the din?
And the hip! hop! hap! of the clap
of the reins on the rump on the pump-
kin’s horses clancing, prancing, fading hooves distancing.
Waiting not, with forceful trot they went, with wings lent,
and tlic! tloc! knock echoed far...
Do you remember the Ball, Cinderella, do you recall the Ball?
Never more, Cinderella, what a bore!  Only the fairy foresaw
the slipper left standing at the door.  No trace! – none at all,
in the walls of the Hall where falls the face
of the Prince rincing eyes, for the foot-falls
echo like the boom of doom in an empty room
while the footman horsing around with the kitchen maid
made merry with the sherry on the fly which wasn't very
prim and proper till p'lice copper came and played
on his whistle calling order be obeyed
with his siren shrilling, silver badge displayed.
In this New Year now I'm chasing shadows everywhere retracing
Cinderella's steps my heart can't bear replacing,
pacing here and there and up and down unlacing
treasured slipper pleasure's promise acts as casing,
spacing out without her footloose pulse a-racing,
only pain remains it seems, vain dreams embracing...There was a letter in the mail,
I dreamed that night about
a woman named Tara McHale.
Although there were those lips that pout,
it was the presence of  a breeze
made up of warmth and intellect,
she stopped for just a minute, just to tease
yet it was futile and I was not able to detect
more than the pheromones of something great,
of youth and fresh  aroma, passing through,
of silent whispers knitting silk for a debate
she left behind for me her cinderella shoe.I want to drink the ocean to come to you
I want to give you the kiss the one you need
I want to wake you up from endless sleep
To teach you Poisoned apples not to eat
I m in love with the powers of your words
Climbing in my desert like gorgious dolls
I don't know the colour of your eyes
But when I see the moon I feel their lightFancy clothes, tiara like a queen
Why can't I come in my jeans?
Manicured nails, skin like a dove
Why can't I wear my baseball glove?
Jewellery from head to toe
Even though I don't wanna go
Don't need my hair curled or any more make-up
So much 'girlishness' I think I might just throw up
Do I really have to go to the ball
And no lets NOT head to the mall
'Cause all this princess stuff is making me wince
And I certainly not marrying any prince
'Cause all I wanna do is watch wrestling on TV
So stop trying to make a Cinderella out of me! ! !Spring it is! Bouncy and crisp.
Sunshine, cheerful and sparkling.
The almond blossoms, as pretty as pink,
Why mustn't Cinderella dance again!
Out of bed from one more winter,
Her bosom rises to the sinless breeze.
Pensive yet lavish like a dream,
A born Eden, she fancies one more ball.
The tales of oppression are no fable
Her rags are real and sorrow acute.
Beset with a curse, dyed in her own blood
Every spring, she wakens to live some more.
It is time! Tulips bejewel her emerald frock,
And the falls frame glass slippers on her feet.
A snug shikara is her golden carriage,
And the depths of the Lake, her loyal coachmen.
Ah! She dances like she has never danced before
For, who knows, how distant the next spring is!
Her summers are timid and autumns cold
Thus, she dances like she has never danced before.
Her moves in meadows, firm and tireless,
Cinderella waltzes like a Queen of resilience.
Her pace through Boulevard, smooth and sensuous,
Cinderella swans like a native enchantress.
Every spring, she readies for the ball
Every spring, she loses a glass slipper.
No Prince has come in search yet,
No vows of peace and passion held.
Thence, in her fields and on her streets,
Beside the tulips and by the Lake,
Like a Tsarina of a charmed kingdom,
This spring, why mustn't Cinderella dance again!Within
the solid steel -
a giant, thumping heart.
This sturdy Brooklyn overpass
has soul.Hard work
pays off at noon;
her silky net ensnares
two twitching flies with zesty vibes.
Delish.Friend
Kind, helpful
Cheering, instructing, caring
Always there for you
TrueHis Word
Is life for you,
The basis of your faith
And anchor of all that God says
Is Truth.
All rights reserved ~~~Cynthia Buhain-BaelloAutumn.
Change in the air.
Leaves beginning to turn—
Starting to paint a new landscape
The fall.Belief,
A part of you.
Choices in life mark them.
Born from experiencing the Truth
Of God.
All rights reserved ~~~~Cynthia Buhain-Baello~~~05.13.15Autumn
Chilly evening's
Windswept leaves on the ground
Picking blackberries in the hedge
TastyBroken
Is he who lost
The  will for life and love
To hold the future in his heart
With hope.
-
June 5,2009 Tarlac City PhilippinesTime saved
Direct, no frills
Points like cards laid down here
Get the aces, hearts, and diamonds -
Winner.
............. ................................................. .................
July 7,2009 Tarlac City PhilippinesFly by
Blue Butterflies
As you dimly remember
Distant days of drizzle-drenched spring
When you
Were half-drowned, ground-bound, round children,
Green-cast, grass-fast massed lines:
Caterpillars
On leaves.Gorgeous.
Lovely profile.
A princess of the wild,
She is everyone's favorite
Flower.Chain me
because you know
I love to be in chain.
Torment with the unspoken words- - -
love you!Change
Is Inevitable
The Only Constant
Difficult to easily adapt
ImpermanentThe sky
grows light and pink
as the sun rises and
warms the sleepy mountains with a
soft kissWe
only have
a brief visit
yesterday, today, and then
Tomorrow.Spin
the thread
of life creating
a golden tapestry of
events.A
happy home
with secure family
starts each day with
prayer.•	Special
silly,
he makes me laugh
out loud and enjoy life
as we travel down this new road,
hopeful.
•	My wish
loving
what i'm made for
if i can trust enough,
fight through the past to love anew,
be loved
Wistful
Longing
to have my life,
to live to the fullest,
without the doubts and fears I have
to scale
•	Golden
Blue skies,
Crisp, autumn air,
Crunching leaves under foot
Evokes memories of times past
and gone.
•	Hopeful
Sharing.
So new to me;
Trusting someone enough
To tell my secrets and my fears,
Grateful.
•	Hunger
Thin crust.
Pepperoni,
Onions and mushrooms to
Balance out the blend of flavors.
Yummy.
•	Halloween
ghos tly,
shimmering light
dancing around the stones,
as they rise for their one night free,
haunting.
•	Torture
Ringing,
The phone won't stop;
It drills its sound into my head
and lends itself to impure thoughts-
Five yet?
•	Anticipation
waiting,
it seems like time
is dragging on and on
as I wait for a special day-
patience....
•	weary,
I watch the clock,
count down the last half hour;
I long for solitude and peace,
relax.
•	kissing
is wonderful,
an intimacy I
sorely missed in my married life,
craving.
•	sickness,
dizziness sucks!
all I can do is lie
on my bed and attempt to sleep,
bitter.: -(
•	Palin-
Men think she's hot;
Women want to slap her;
It scares me to think of her in
charge-NO! !
•	Driving;
Moving away
From one I hold so dear,
Not knowing when I will be back,
Miss him.
•	confused,
he says odd things
that make me wonder if
he feels the way he says he does,
or not.
•	counting
the days until
I see my sweet again,
and all our fears can be laid to
rest; sighBirds
fly south
trying to escape
the winter and keep
warm.Sitting
among flowers
butterflies sipping nectar
relaxing on a summer
day.Clouds
slowly drifting
across the horizon
looking for a dry
place.You
are the
flower of my
heart, dropping sweet petals
everywhere.
cin quain cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain
cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain
cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain
cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain
cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain
cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain
cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain
cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquain cinquainwhispers
of immense faith
Performing miracles
Ignited the first flames of piety
In meToday's
Culture of
Waste and abuse
Of nature's blessed bounty
IncriminatingCaught
in the
web of life
from the cradle to
graveSecret of success lies
In one's ability to collect
The scattered energies
And channel them singularly
Towards one focused goal.Money
Is important,
But can’t solve all problems
We come across in life on earth,
Since birth!I have
taken your words
folded both hands over
then held them tightly to my heart.
Have you?
Please NOTE: in retirement I have closed most of my web pages including francesmacaulayforde and poetscornerwa. Both of these pages have now been taken over by a bot. However, I have retained my Wordpress BLOG or my ETSY shop.Caterpillar
Relentless, Ravenous
Constructing, Evolving, Emerging
Wondrous gift of nature
Butterfly
*************************************
Country
Powerful, Prideful
Obeying, Unmoving, Bleeding
A land artfully deceived
America
**************************************
Woman
Dedicated, Devoted
Accomodating, Loving, Nurturing
Benefactor of new life
Mother
**************************************
Flower
Enticing, Elegant
Budding, Blossoming, Withering
Alluring beauty with thorns
Rose
************************************
Muse
Inspirational, Devotional
Seeking, Enlightening, Provoking
An artistic notion personified
Thought
**********************************
Dog
Loyal, Brave
Loving, Playing, Guarding
Best friend of man
Pet
©2008 Dawn SlankerPuddles
are everywhere
The rain continues
To flood the green
valleys.I
reach out
to touch you
you're always on my
mind.After
a brief
encounter with life
I must now return
home.OH.!
you tiny
drop of dew
dampen its thirsty flowers
gently.
A
lovely face
in my memory
as delicate as a
doll.
Hair
so soft
to the touch
more smooth than finest
silk.
Eyes
so green
deep jade like
finest emeralds they would
fade.
When
you came
my blood danced
rivers of hot desires
flowed.
You
became my
body, face, death,
my carnival of loving
words.
Be
a rain
falling gently in
the night of my
sleep.
You
will hear
my heart beats
calling out your lovely
name.
Leave
your hair
rest on my
chest, while you fall
asleep.
You
are my
home of love
the sparrow of my
dreams.
So
inhabit me
full of eagerness
I am the knight
seeking.Trees
stand silently
bending, sighing, crying
as icicles  melt the
branches.Mirror
Reflects your smile
You’ll love your own face
Make others smile, all will love your face
That’s good!Trees
stand silently
bending, sighing crying
as icicles begin to melt the
trees.Desire
Lips sealed with a kiss
Lips parted for more
Don't you know my love
Desire for ever more
The saga of ancient lore
Maya (Illusion)    In Nature
I am the Eve of your Garden
Defamed by fate's cruel hand
I bore you in me as a thought beautiful
Carry the energy per your command
I am but the executrix of your deeds.Worry
Shortens life-span,
And cuts the thread of life
Prematurely, abruptly,
On earth.
In life,
Stop worrying then,
Ere it seizes your heart,
And wrecks your mind and soul
In stealth.
(13-07-11)Computer
A machine
Of great use
Without which many lives
CollapseMoonbeams
Peek through tall trees
Soft gem lights touch me now
Far where you are,  they touch you too
Love sent.Wind chimes
Dance in the breeze
But after a short while
The bloody things get on my nerves
Damn noiseA trap
Like net spread out
Lies hidden laced in words
Unmasked by truth in time laid out
Deceit.Disaster
So sudden
Natural or man-made
Shakes the entire nation
DevastatingEarth
Green, blue
Turning, healing, protecting
Life supporting planet
RockEarth
Life sustaining
Flora, Fauna, Humans,
She is the mother
PlanetExistence
Joyous, melancholy
Creating, flowing, demolishing,
Energy that is life and death
VitalityReason
For the season
First Christmas morn unfolds
His Love made flesh to save mankind
Jesus.Flower
Very pleasing
In full bloom
Varied colours and fragrance
DelicateOpen,
Like a round hand
Is lovely parasol
Of circled cover in colors
For you.Mansions
Hallow abode
A worthless edifice
Without the light of Love and peace
Abyss.It seems
Impossible
That one should live for more
Than one hundred twenty years, but
She did.Final
Pains receiver
One English word torments
Said or unsaid it devastates-
'Goodbyes.'
--- ---------------
Quote: 'Goodbye is one word that is never really good.'Vultures
Perched in office
Feed on bloated paychecks
Decayed people not carrion yet
Fight back.
----
(June 24,2009 Tarlac City Philippines)Heart
Beats  incessantly
Throughout  our  life
To makes us live
LovingThe dawn
cracks darkness, breaks
with soft glow of the sun,
clouds spotting with pink while rays pass
through air.Her love,
Is like sugar
That nature made- sweet. And
Of it I have till it drips from
My lips.
My tongue
Chases it, like
A cheetah in full speed,
Bringing it to stand, so as to
Fondle.
Copyright © 2010 Leslie AlexisHuge “bill”—
Strong, colorful.
Native of Africa,
Nesting high in a knobthorn tree
To breed.Ice cream
I love ice cream
I could eat it all day
But it always gives me toothache
Not fairiPhone
Intellectual phone
Of sixth generation
Cool Mobile Operating System
SmartphoneShe was
A prodigy.
Maker of beautiful
Music. Violinist with sad
Story.Like a
Golden wand, so
Knowledge enlightens and
Empowers those embracing it.
Who knew?Life
A journey
Enjoy it today
Like there's no tomorrow
PreciousBull moose
looking for love
must find it in forest
for surely will not find it at
Wal-Mart.Love
Sensual,  ethereal
Possessing,  surrendering, all encompassing,
The alpha and omega  of creation
QuintessenceLOVE
Divine feeling
A committed relationship
It is a promise
UnconditionalLove
Small word
All encompassing love
It’s sacred Divine love
Precious.Moon
Crescent moon
Floating amongst clouds
Present for little children
FascinatingRichness
Treasured pages
Gems of wisdom therein -
Bountiful ink from which I write
Bible.
'The unfolding of Your Words gives light;
it gives understanding to the simple.'
Psalm 119: 130
.......................................... ......................................
July 7,2009I'm not
lying about
the fact that I love my
kids, grandkids, chess, but most of all
my wife.Of love
What do we know
Blows either hot or cold
Love is a capricious power
I’m toldOnion
Like it
Is our friendship
When you cut it
TearsMind fruits
Flow with sweet juice
No plastic copy matched-
Ripe ideas will ink the pen
With truth.
................... ................................................. ..................
'Originality is the mother of creativity.'
July 7,2009 Tarlac City PhilippinesConstant
Pouring rain breaks
A hard rock to pieces
Pain, like rain, when poured out daily
Breaks hearts.
------ ------------
'Cinquain' consists of five lines in 2-4-6-8-2  syllables arrangement,
poetic in form (imagery, metaphor, etc.) , may not rhyme or have rhythm, but consistent in content, texture, and flow.This life
Like rhythm and rhyme
Segues from sun to rain
Varied hues of shaded colors
We paint.
Cynthia Buhain-Baello ~~~~08.19.14Rain
Pours down
Floods the places
We   now curse rain
WaterRainbows
Span endless sky
Through distant lands and seas
Colors connecting you and I
With peace.
All rights reserved~~~~ Cynthia Buhain-Baello ~~~12.14.09
December 14,2009
Tarlac CityRiverside
By chance
We met today
Just by the riverside
Our eyes wrote muted magic words
...Of love.
Cynthia Buhain-Baello~~~08.20.14Sad eyes
Hide the story
A mystique novel there
Lies in loneliness when Love says
Goodbye.
..... ................................................. .................
July 7,2009 Tarlac CitySeal pup
Color of snow
Camouflage will not be
Enough to fool the nose of great
White bearSky
Azure blue
White cotton clouds
With various shapes floating
Highlooking
up from her knees
soft gray eyes finding mine
her moist lips part and say ' I love
these things'.Children
The  sponge of life-
Taking in all they see
Absorbing all that's heard and done
They'll be.
...... .......................................
'Even a child is known by his actions, by whether his conduct is pure
and right.'   (Proverbs 20: 11)the spring
pours forth its song
gushes forth into a
waterfall - its secret song deep
within
one wish
peace to the world
Japanese tradition
a thousant origami cranes
flying
both published in SP Quill Quarterly Magazine, Spring 2008Stars
Sky studded
In the night
Light  twinkling as diamonds
Bright.Twinkly
stars studded sky -
in the night natural
lights are flashing as diamonds bright,
high-five!Storm
Lightning thunder
Wind hail rain
Causes path of destruction
CycloneSun
Gives light
It shines dazzlingly
And provides us heat
Brilliant.Sunbeams—
Prisms of light—
Reflected in a dark
Shadowy place, illumining
With hope.Blooming
Bright as sunshine
These flowers wither soon
Yet face each day vibrant with life,
...and hope.
All rights reserve~~~ Cynthia Buhain-Baello~~02.01.14
Cinquain-5 lines with 2/4/6/8/2 syllable arrangementSchool Days
Crazy, boring
Work! Work! Work! Too much work!
The last days are always the best
All done.Purpose
Meaning laid out
Transparency is gained
Redeems the poem when it touches
Reader.Summer
Hot, fun
Heating, lighting, producing
Time of the year
HotHis grace
Unchained sin's grip
Forgiveness flowing free
His Love and Mercy's miracle
....Is me.
Cynthia Buhain-Baello
11.22.12Thunder;
blue-white energy
flashing downward sizzling,
frightens everyone of blazing
flashes.Tree
Green colour
Lovely summer blooms
Attractive to the eye
EnchantingWater
To drink
And to clean
An ambrosia for life
ParamountChanging
Like wind that blows
Uncharted in its course
It is never predictable
Like girls.Like trees
Words grow and bear
The reason they were sown
Gestate into reality
Their fruit.
Cynthia Buhain-Baello~~~08.18.14Words live
To bless or hurt,
Give comfort or attack,
Reveal the light or darkness in
The heart.
All rights reserved- - Cynthia Buhain-Baello- -05.20.15Fearless
Like Icarus
Reckless and curious
You're flying too close to the sun
I fearThe farmhouse lingers, though averse to square
With the new city street it has to wear
A number in. But what about the brook
That held the house as in an elbow-crook?
I ask as one who knew the brook, its strength
And impulse, having dipped a finger length
And made it leap my knuckle, having tossed
A flower to try its currents where they crossed.
The meadow grass could be cemented down
From growing under pavements of a town;
The apple trees be sent to hearth-stone flame.
Is water wood to serve a brook the same?
How else dispose of an immortal force
No longer needed? Staunch it at its source
With cinder loads dumped down? The brook was thrown
Deep in a sewer dungeon under stone
In fetid darkness still to live and run --
And all for nothing it had ever done
Except forget to go in fear perhaps.
No one would know except for ancient maps
That such a brook ran water. But I wonder
If from its being kept forever under,
The thoughts may not have risen that so keep
This new-built city from both work and sleep.in my heart
a river runs
alluvial, fishes,
leaves, flowers and all
a catfish winds
its way up to the surface
shows its pinkish whiskers
and round mouth
and down in a fleet second
puyu splash
their way down
after a fall
bubble, splash, bubble, splash,
big fish, small fish,
breakdance
down the river
their only way to show
joy and gratitude
for nature's care
like a gymnast
they turn their tails up
bend and sweep
the water swivels
and down they go
head plunging
the river a stage
of tail splashing game
how the world has changed since
thirty years the sweep of  a puyu's tail
i could still collect that childhood heart
that had gone afflutter
the river that has changed course
to run through my heart
calming nerves and evoking childhood joy
the river now buried deep
in the town's memory
the river now imprisoned
caged between cement walls
no more fishes, no more splashdance, breakdance
red water, blooms and leaves!
the river that now only has me as its fish
splashing every now and then
to let its sweetness flow forth
the river now buried deep in the earth
in the city's mind
inspired by
A Brook In The City
The farmhouse lingers, though averse to square
With the new city street it has to wear
A number in. But what about the brook
That held the house as in an elbow-crook?
I ask as one who knew the brook, its strength
And impulse, having dipped a finger length
And made it leap my knuckle, having tossed
A flower to try its currents where they crossed.
The meadow grass could be cemented down
From growing under pavements of a town;
The apple trees be sent to hearth-stone flame.
Is water wood to serve a brook the same?
How else dispose of an immortal force
No longer needed? Staunch it at its source
With cinder loads dumped down? The brook was thrown
Deep in a sewer dungeon under stone
In fetid darkness still to live and run -
And all for nothing it had ever done
Except forget to go in fear perhaps.
No one would know except for ancient maps
That such a brook ran water. But I wonder
If from its being kept forever under,
The thoughts may not have risen that so keep
This new-built city from both work and sleep.
Robert FrostUnlovely city, to which few tourists come
With squinting cameras and alien hats;
Left under a cloud by those who love the sun
And can afford to marry – a cloud of bits
Of soot more myriad than gnats, a cloud
Of smoke and rain, an insubstantial threat
Whose colour is the pigment of long wrath,
I think of you, surprised to find my blood
Warmed by a wry desire, a kind of love.
I see the trams, like galleons at night,
Go rocking with their golden cargo down
The iron hills; then hearing that bold din
My other senses frolic at a fête
Of phantom guests – the smells of fish and chips,
Laborious smoke, stale beer and autumn gusts,
The whispering shadows and the winking hips,
The crack of frosty whips, brief summer"s dust.
And in that city through a forked November
Love, like a Catherine-wheel, delighted me
And when it sputtered out, hung charred and sombre,
The city flavoured my delicious misery.
And so I guess that any landscape"s beauty
Is fathered by associative joys
Held in a shared, historic memory,
For beauty is the shape of our desires.
My northern city, then, by many called
Ugly or worse, much like an aged nurse
Tender yet stern who taught one how to walk,
Is dear to me, and it will always have
A desolate enchantment that I"ll love.
Submitted by Andrew MayersThere’s a constant rumble
To the pounding beat
Of the people’s hearts
As the rhythm of the street.
There's a constant rhythm
In the rolling of their feet.
There’s a constant thunder
To the dancing on the street.
There’s a roaring tide
In the people that I meet.
There’s a constant tremble
Of marching on the street.
There’s a blast of soul
Of the music on the street.
There’s a newborn rhythm
Of humanities' heat.
It’s the constant shouting,
And the constant heat,
It’s life’s own anthem
In the raging of the street.
There’s a constant rumble
Of people’s rolling feet.
There’s a constant thumping
Of the streets' heart beat.
There’s a new soul’s rhythm
Of the angles and the heat
Of the people and the buildings
Being the rhythm of the street.
It’s an ancient hold,
It’s a new world beat.
It’s the never-ending rhythm
Of the singing of the street.1
I understand the boredom of the clerks
fatigue shifting like dunes within their eyes
a frightful nausea gumming up the works
that once was thought aggression in disguise.
Do you remember? then how lightly dead
seemed the moon when over factories
it languid slid like a barrage of lead
above the heart, the fierce inventories
of desire. Now women wander our dreams
carrying money and to our sleep's shame
our hands twitch not for swift blood-sunk triremes
nor languorous white horses nor ill fame,
but clutch the groin that clouds a pallid sky
where tow'rs are sinking in their common eye.
2
My ship is flung upon the gutter's wrist
and cries for help of storm to violate
that flesh your curiosity too late
has flushed. The stem your garter tongue would twist
has sunk upon the waveless bosom's mist,
thigh of the city, apparition, hate,
and the tower whose doves have, delicate,
fled into my blood where they are not kissed.
You have left me to the sewer's meanwhile,
and I have answered the sea's open wish
to love me as a bonfire's watchful hand
guards red the shore and guards the hairy strand,
our most elegant lascivious bile,
my ship sinking beneath the gutter's fish.
3
How can I then, my dearest winter lay,
disgorge the tasty worm that eats me up
falling onto the stem of a highway
whose ardent rainbow is the spoon's flat cup
and in the vilest of blue suited force
enamored of the heated needle's arm
finds the ministrant an own tongue's remorse
so near the blood and still so far from harm,
thus to be eaten up and gobbled down
volcanoes of speedometers, the strike
that heats the iris into flame and flow'rs
the panting chalice so a turning pike:
you are not how the gods refused to die,
and I am scarred forever neath the eye.
4
What are my eyes? if they must feed me, rank
with forgetting, in the jealous forest
of lustrous blows, so luminously blank
through smoke and in the light. All faint, at rest,
yet I am racing towards the fear that kills
them off, friends and lovers, hast'ning through tears
like alcohol high in the throat of hills
and hills of night, alluring! their black cheers
falling upon my ears like nails. And there
the bars grow thick with onanists and camps
and bivouacs of bears with clubs, are fair
with their blows, deal death beneath purple lamps
and to me! I run! closer always move,
crying my name in fields of dead I love.
5
I plunge deep within this frozen lake
whose mirrored fastnesses fill up my heart,
where tears drift from frivolity to art
all white and slobbering, and by mistake
are the sky. I'm no whale to cruise apart
in fields impassive of my stench, my sake,
my sign to crushing seas that fall like fake
pillars to crash! to sow as wake my heart
and don't be niggardly. The snow drifts low
and yet neglects to cover me, and I
dance just ahead to keep my heart in sight.
How like a queen, to seek with jealous eye
the face that flees you, hidden city, white
swan. There's no art to free me, blinded so.Careful Observers may fortel the Hour
(By sure Prognosticks) when to dread a Show'r:
While Rain depends, the pensive Cat gives o'er
Her Frolicks, and pursues her Tail no more.
Returning Home at Night, you'll find the Sink
Strike your offended Sense with double Stink.
If you be wise, then go not far to Dine,
You spend in Coach-hire more than save in Wine.
A coming Show'r your shooting Corns presage,
Old Aches throb, your hollow Tooth will rage.
Sauntring in Coffee-house is Dulman seen;
He damns the Climate, and complains of Spleen.
Mean while the South rising with dabbled Wings,
A Sable Cloud a-thwart the Welkin flings,
That swill'd more Liquor than it could contain,
And like a Drunkard gives it up again.
Brisk Susan whips her Linen from the Rope,
While the first drizzling Show'r is born aslope,
Such is that Sprinkling which some careless Quean
Flirts on you from her Mop, but not so clean.
You fly, invoke the Gods; then turning, stop
To rail; she singing, still whirls on her Mop.
Not yet, the Dust had shun'd th'unequal Strife,
But aided by the Wind, fought still for Life;
And wafted with its Foe by violent Gust,
'Twas doubtful which was Rain, and which was Dust.
Ah! where must needy Poet seek for Aid,
When Dust and Rain at once his Coat invade;
Sole Coat, where Dust cemented by the Rain,
Erects the Nap, and leaves a cloudy Stain.
Now in contiguous Drops the Flood comes down,
Threat'ning with Deloge this Devoted Town.
To Shops in Crouds the dagled Females fly,
Pretend to cheapen Goods, but nothing buy.
The Templer spruce, while ev'ry Spout's a-broach,
Stays till 'tis fair, yet seems to call a Coach.
The tuck'd-up Sempstress walks with hasty Strides,
While Streams run down her oil'd Umbrella's Sides.
Here various Kinds by various Fortunes led,
Commence Acquaintance underneath a Shed.
Triumphant Tories, and desponding Whigs,
Forget their Fewds, and join to save their Wigs.
Box'd in a Chair the Beau impatient sits,
While Spouts run clatt'ring o'er the Roof by Fits;
And ever and anon with frightful Din
The Leather sounds, he trembles from within.
So when Troy Chair-men bore the Wooden Steed,
Pregnant with Greeks, impatient to be freed,
(Those Bully Greeks, who, as the Moderns do,
Instead of paying Chair-men, run them thro'.)
Laoco'n struck the Outside with his Spear,
And each imprison'd Hero quak'd for Fear.
Now from all Parts the swelling Kennels flow,
And bear their Trophies with them as they go:
Filth of all Hues and Odours seem to tell
What Streets they sail'd from, by the Sight and Smell.
They, as each Torrent drives, with rapid Force
From Smithfield, or St.Pulchre's shape their Course,
And in huge Confluent join at Snow-Hill Ridge,
Fall from the Conduit prone to Holborn-Bridge.
Sweepings from Butchers Stalls, Dung, Guts, and Blood,
Drown'd Puppies, stinking Sprats, all drench'd in Mud,
Dead Cats and Turnips-Tops come tumbling down the Flood.I stand upon a hill and see
A luminous country under me,
Through which at two the drunk sailor must weave;
The transient's pause, the sailor's leave.
I notice, looking down the hill,
Arms braced upon a window sill;
And on the web of fire escapes
Move the potential, the grey shapes.
I hold the city here, complete;
And every shape defined by light
Is mine, or corresponds to mine,
Some flickering or some steady shine.
This map is ground of my delight.
Between the limits, night by night,
I watch a malady's advance,
I recognize my love of chance.
By the recurrent lights I see
Endless potentiality,
The crowded, broken, and unfinished!
I would not have the risk diminished.Already I am no longer looked at with lechery or love.
My daughters and sons have put me away with marbles and dolls,
Are gone from the house.
My husband and lovers are pleasant or somewhat polite
And night is night.
It is a real chill out,
The genuine thing.
I am not deceived, I do not think it is still summer
Because sun stays and birds continue to sing.
It is summer-gone that I see, it is summer-gone.
The sweet flowers indrying and dying down,
The grasses forgetting their blaze and consenting to brown.
It is a real chill out. The fall crisp comes
I am aware there is winter to heed.
There is no warm house
That is fitted with my need.
I am cold in this cold house this house
Whose washed echoes are tremulous down lost halls.
I am a woman, and dusty, standing among new affairs.
I am a woman who hurries through her prayers.
Tin intimations of a quiet core to be my
Desert and my dear relief
Come: there shall be such islanding from grief,
And small communion with the master shore.
Twang they. And I incline this ear to tin,
Consult a dual dilemma. Whether to dry
In humming pallor or to leap and die.
Somebody muffed it?? Somebody wanted to joke.Crash, smash a flying bottle
Enters my back yard at full throttle
I missed the little blighters which is more than a pity
But thats just simple run of the mill when you live in ASBO City
The party starts at twelve a.m. the music plays til three
I wouldnt really mind so much
But THE WOMBLES aint for me!
Up pulls a local taxi van
Intoxicated youths on board
They've hopped over next doors garden gate
Coz the fare they cant afford
The impatient taxi driver rings on the neighbours bell
Until he finally realises a rat he starts to smell
'Hey mate' he says 'I dont suppose'
'You've nine unruley sons'
'They owe me ten quid taxi fare and have left their bag of guns'
'I'll sue the little buggers if my boss gives me the boot
And what the hell am I meant to do, with their bloody bag of loot'! !Beautiful city
Beautiful city, the centre and crater of European confusion,
O you with your passionate shriek for the rights of an equal
humanity,
How often your Re-volution has proven but E-volution
Roll’d again back on itself in the tides of a civic insanity!I have read, in some old, marvellous tale,
Some legend strange and vague,
That a midnight host of spectres pale
Beleaguered the walls of Prague.
Beside the Moldau's rushing stream,
With the wan moon overhead,
There stood, as in an awful dream,
The army of the dead.
White as a sea-fog, landward bound,
The spectral camp was seen,
And, with a sorrowful, deep sound,
The river flowed between.
No other voice nor sound was there,
No drum, nor sentry's pace;
The mist-like banners clasped the air,
As clouds with clouds embrace.
But when the old cathedral bell
Proclaimed the morning prayer,
The white pavilions rose and fell
On the alarmed air.
Down the broad valley fast and far
The troubled army fled;
Up rose the glorious morning star,
The ghastly host was dead.
I have read, in the marvellous heart of man,
That strange and mystic scroll,
That an army of phantoms vast and wan
Beleaguer the human soul.
Encamped beside Life's rushing stream,
In Fancy's misty light,
Gigantic shapes and shadows gleam
Portentous through the night.
Upon its midnight battle-ground
The spectral camp is seen,
And, with a sorrowful, deep sound,
Flows the River of Life between.
No other voice nor sound is there,
In the army of the grave;
No other challenge breaks the air,
But the rushing of Life's wave.
And when the solemn and deep churchbell
Entreats the soul to pray,
The midnight phantoms feel the spell,
The shadows sweep away.
Down the broad Vale of Tears afar
The spectral camp is fled;
Faith shineth as a morning star,
Our ghastly fears are dead.T-day paper,
Little color bits fuel
A hunger never filled
Something precious dies.
Preface
Perhaps this is my task in life
To filter things that touch a soul
And to hold the strains till a pen can mold
Feeling into form.What are you able to build with your blocks?
Castles and palaces, temples and docks.
Rain may keep raining, and others go roam,
But I can be happy and building at home.
Let the sofa be mountains, the carpet be sea,
There I'll establish a city for me:
A kirk and a mill and a palace beside,
And a harbor as well where my vessels may ride.
Great is the palace with pillar and wall,
A sort of a tower on top of it all,
And steps coming down in an orderly way
To where my toy vessels lie safe in the bay.
This one is sailing and that one is moored:
Hark to the song of the sailors on board!
And see on the steps of my palace, the kings
Coming and going with presents and things!In back streets dark, cold and wet
Forgotten figures in corners slept
Ragged figures of human debris
Regrets and rats for company
Cardboard city land of the lost
Afraid of the living, in fear of the frost
Surviving on wits a day at a time
Circumstance their only crime
If fate decreed that they should die
In passing without a single cry
Alone for company only fear
Who alone would shed a tear?
There by fate, and not by choice
Souls in torment, with common voice
Drunks and addicts, so absurd
Vanish daily, their pleas unheard
So spare a thought as you sit to dine
Gulp your beer, or sip your wine
Things taken for granted, as we often do
But for the grace of God, it could be you.City-bus is crawling one zone to another
Someone is recalling somebody silently
Entering into the dustless cool mall
I may dare to tell all the senior ladies love
May open the cellular phone.
Yellow champak smelling the teen-age
Passerby may suffer from unknown blunder
It's really an untold epic
Somebody feels someone
I may redesign my attributes
May write some lines on the corpuscles.
City-bus is entering into the yesterdays
Yellow neon-evening is moving from tomorrows
I may fall down to the stoppage
May kiss the air might touch your lips someday.
City-bus can't cross the globe
Can't find your cyber destination!
Poem 05
Book 'Beckoning Jade-Dreams' April 2007
Copyright Musharrat Mahjabeen
Mizan Publishers, Dhaka, Bangladesh
ISBN 984-8700-82-XOn my desk, a set of labels
or a synopsis of leeks,
blanched by the sun
and trailing their roots
like a watering can.
Beyond and below,
diminished by distance,
a taxi shivers at the lights:
a shining moorhen
with an orange nodule
set over the beak,
taking a passenger
under its wing.
I turn away, confront
the cuckold hatstand
at bay in the corner,
and eavesdrop (bless you!)
on a hay-fever of brakes.
My Caran d'Ache are sharp
as the tips of an iris
and the four-tier file
is spotted with rust:
a study of plaice
by a Japanese master,
ochres exquisitely bled.
Instead of office work,
I fish for complements
and sport a pencil
behind each ear,
a bit of a devil,
or trap the telephone
awkwardly under my chin
like Richard Crookback,
crying, A horse! A horse!
My kingdom for a horse!
but only to myself,
ironically: the tube
is semi-stiff with stallion whangs,
the chairman's Mercedes
has windscreen wipers
like a bird's broken tongue,
and I am perfectly happy
to see your head, quick
round the door like a dryad,
as I pretend to be Ovid
in exile, composing Tristia
and sad for the shining,
the missed, the muscular beach.Once, there was a girl,
She lived in the city.
She is precious like a pearl,
She grew up to be smart and witty.
She was always happy,
She was sometimes, sad.
She was always laughing,
Her laugh was bad. XD
She loves to study,
She loves to write.
She loved to dress oddly,
She loved to dress in white.
These are some of the things,
The things about her I can see.
Of course, I can see them,
Cause this girl is me.Night is lively.
Night is stunning
Night is pleasurable.
Night is sugary like apple pie.
Night is walking towards with hobo.
Night will never end.
Night is dark.
Night is now simple, sweet, calm, amusing.
I am in love with this city night.
City is covered with this pleasant night.
Night is having the shine of city.
Night is getting wilder.
Night is getting cruel.
Time will never stop running.
Night will over with the time.
Another night will come in this city.
I am waiting for the night.
Here city shed tears
Here city chuckle like a little kid.
Here city dance with the mysterious wind.
I am in love with this city night.
Night never stops coming.
Night will never break its rule.
It will come over and over in this cold blooded city.
But I will never stop loving this city night.
Night is resting.
It will come again into my little black book.Imprisoned in squalor, like a rat in a cage
A hopeless ignition explodes into rage
Poverty's chains cut with mocking intent
Desensitized humans with anger to vent
To offer a dream, but a nightmare provide
To build up hope then strip away pride
To trample the weak into the dust
Is to set a foundation for greed and lust
The rat is a fighter, the worm always turns
Where once there was apathy, pride now returns
The lesser will rise with fear as their friend
From the sewer of life you can only ascend
To offer no dream, and nowhere to run
To Build up hope in the form of a gun
To trample the good and the decent within
Is to set up a struggle that no one can win
Man is a lover and killer entwined
To be an extreme is to conquer the blind
Where one man falls another now stands
Ready for death with blood on his handsMusic is like a city
The genres are the suburbs
The bands, the streets
The albums, the buildings
And the songs, the apartments
The streets get inspiration from other streets
They duplicate then alter them slightly.
The city is very busy and there are always
People driving through looking and listening
The city is growing every day.
The suburbs larger and larger
And some join together.
The streets longer and longer
And some old and tattered.
The building will always stay the same
But they will always be new.
The city will always keep growing
As the music goes on.CITY of orgies, walks and joys!
City whom that I have lived and sung in your midst will one day make
you illustrious,
Not the pageants of you--not your shifting tableaux, your spectacles,
repay me;
Not the interminable rows of your houses--nor the ships at the
wharves,
Nor the processions in the streets, nor the bright windows, with
goods in them;
Nor to converse with learn'd persons, or bear my share in the soiree
or feast;
Not those--but, as I pass, O Manhattan! your frequent and swift flash
of eyes offering me love,
Offering response to my own--these repay me;
Lovers, continual lovers, only repay me.CITY of ships!
(O the black ships! O the fierce ships!
O the beautiful, sharp-bow'd steam-ships and sail-ships!)
City of the world! (for all races are here;
All the lands of the earth make contributions here;)
City of the sea! city of hurried and glittering tides!
City whose gleeful tides continually rush or recede, whirling in and
out, with eddies and foam!
City of wharves and stores! city of tall façades of marble and iron!
Proud and passionate city! mettlesome, mad, extravagant city!
Spring up, O city! not for peace alone, but be indeed yourself,
warlike!                                                     10
Fear not! submit to no models but your own, O city!
Behold me! incarnate me, as I have incarnated you!
I have rejected nothing you offer'd me--whom you adopted, I have
adopted;
Good or bad, I never question you--I love all--I do not condemn
anything;
I chant and celebrate all that is yours--yet peace no more;
In peace I chanted peace, but now the drum of war is mine;
War, red war, is my song through your streets, O city!WHO KNOW LONDON
CITY OF  IMMORTAL HISTORY
CITY ON THE MID SEA CAN`T
FALL IN    A LOVELY AUTUMN
LIKE LURID  BEAUTY
the delphian rock
UNDER FULL MOON
OF DECEMBER
WAEL MOREICHEHThis new software is great.
I have the power to remove
homeless people by clicking
on the shopping cart icon.
I can remove intrusive new
mega-developments by clicking on
that pile of developer’s money on
the mayor’s desk.
And look: You can give the crooks
in jail the punishment they deserve
by clicking on the torch-wielding mob.
You may be wondering what happened
to that homeless lady I removed. Don’t
worry, I didn’t kill her. I simply removed
her. And the mayor’s payola? I didn’t
take it for myself. It’s just gone. Poof!
And that rapist? Don’t cry for him, he’s
getting what he deserves.
You could at least thank me for all my
good Works instead of blah blah orwell
and blah blah brave new world. As
long as you stay out of trouble, you
have nothing to worry about.City
Plastic flowers
Lipstick lovers
Replica races,
Lip service glitters!
City is a ‘concrete’ jungle
Where mass will not mingle!
City is so selfish
you will be like fish without water
City always runs for money
Never finds time to enjoy nature’s honey
City fixes price on every thing
Crux is to make profit on every thing.
City is cultural interference
City’s life is social indifference
It’s pity
Village trying to imitate city
This is my final inferenceRoof-tops, roof-tops, what do you cover?
Sad folk, bad folk, and many a glowing lover;
Wise people, simple people, children of despair --
Roof-tops, roof-tops, hiding pain and care.
Roof-tops, roof-tops, O what sin you're knowing,
While above you in the sky the white clouds are blowing;
While beneath you, agony and dolor and grim strife
Fight the olden battle, the olden war of Life.
Roof-tops, roof-tops, cover up their shame --
Wretched souls, prisoned souls too piteous to name;
Man himself hath built you all to hide away the stars --
Roof-tops, roof-tops, you hide ten million scars.
Roof-tops, roof-tops, well I know you cover
Many solemn tragedies and many a lonely lover;
But ah, you hide the good that lives in the throbbing city --
Patient wives, and tenderness, forgiveness, faith, and pity.
Roof-tops, roof-tops, this is what I wonder:
You are thick as poisonous plants, thick the people under;
Yet roofless, and homeless, and shelterless they roam,
The driftwood of the town who have no roof-top and no home!The gaudy glow of neon lights
dispels the darkness of the nights
on city streets.
They pop and fizzle noisily
creating a cacophony
on city streets.
The sober folks walk warily
and drunks stagger uncaringly
on city streets.
The ladies of the night parade
for there is money to be made
on city streets.
Drug dealers ready to retreat
if they should hear a  coppers feet
on city streets.
The night shift workers wend their way
towards their work to start their day
on city streets.
The noisy revellers thin out
as one by one the signs go out
on city streets.
The gradually noises abate
and ghostly shadow congregate
on city streets.
For some few hours peace will reign
before the noise will start again
on city streets.
The early morning traffic sounds
start with the milkmen on their rounds
on city streets.
This builds up to an angry roar
as cars and lorries inward pour
on city streets
then when at last rush hour has passed
noise levels will subside at last
on city streets
I thank the lord that I am free
to leave this noise far behind me
on city streets.
I walked my beat the whole night
through exactly as I’m paid to do
on city streets.
I choose to live outside the town
where constant noise won’t get me down
on city streets.
My village is a quiet place
A haven where I need not face
the noisy streets.
8-Jun-07
poeticpiersIn the sky there is nobody asleep. Nobody, nobody.
Nobody is asleep.
The creatures of the moon sniff and prowl about their cabins.
The living iguanas will come and bite the men who do not dream,
and the man who rushes out with his spirit broken will meet on the
street corner
the unbelievable alligator quiet beneath the tender protest of the
stars.
Nobody is asleep on earth. Nobody, nobody.
Nobody is asleep.
In a graveyard far off there is a corpse
who has moaned for three years
because of a dry countryside on his knee;
and that boy they buried this morning cried so much
it was necessary to call out the dogs to keep him quiet.
Life is not a dream. Careful! Careful! Careful!
We fall down the stairs in order to eat the moist earth
or we climb to the knife edge of the snow with the voices of the dead
dahlias.
But forgetfulness does not exist, dreams do not exist;
flesh exists. Kisses tie our mouths
in a thicket of new veins,
and whoever his pain pains will feel that pain forever
and whoever is afraid of death will carry it on his shoulders.
One day
the horses will live in the saloons
and the enraged ants
will throw themselves on the yellow skies that take refuge in the
eyes of cows.
Another day
we will watch the preserved butterflies rise from the dead
and still walking through a country of gray sponges and silent boats
we will watch our ring flash and roses spring from our tongue.
Careful! Be careful! Be careful!
The men who still have marks of the claw and the thunderstorm,
and that boy who cries because he has never heard of the invention
of the bridge,
or that dead man who possesses now only his head and a shoe,
we must carry them to the wall where the iguanas and the snakes
are waiting,
where the bear's teeth are waiting,
where the mummified hand of the boy is waiting,
and the hair of the camel stands on end with a violent blue shudder.
Nobody is sleeping in the sky. Nobody, nobody.
Nobody is sleeping.
If someone does close his eyes,
a whip, boys, a whip!
Let there be a landscape of open eyes
and bitter wounds on fire.
No one is sleeping in this world. No one, no one.
I have said it before.
No one is sleeping.
But if someone grows too much moss on his temples during the
night,
open the stage trapdoors so he can see in the moonlight
the lying goblets, and the poison, and the skull of the theaters.The trees along this city street,
Save for the traffic and the trains,
Would make a sound as thin and sweet
As trees in country lanes.
And people standing in their shade
Out of a shower, undoubtedly
Would hear such music as is made
Upon a country tree.
Oh, little leaves that are so dumb
Against the shrieking city air,
I watch you when the wind has come,—
I know what sound is there.I
As the blind Milton's memory of light,
The deaf Beethoven's phantasy of tone,
Wroght joys for them surpassing all things known
In our restricted sphere of sound and sight,--
So while the glaring streets of brick and stone
Vix with heat, noise, and dust from morn till night,
I will give rein to Fancy, taking flight
From dismal now and here, and dwell alone
With new-enfranchised senses. All day long,
Think ye 't is I, who sit 'twixt darkened walls,
While ye chase beauty over land and sea?
Uplift on wings of some rare poet's song
Where the wide billow laughs and leaps and falls,
I soar cloud-high, free as the winds are free.
II
Who grasps the substance? who 'mid shadows strays?
He who within some dark-bright wood reclines,
'Twixt sleep and waking, where the needled pines
Have cushioned al his couch with soft brown sprays?
He notes not how the living water shines,
Trembling along the cliff, a flickering haze,
Brimming a wine-bright pool, nor lifts his gaze
To read the ancient wonders and the signs.
Does he possess the actual, or do I,
Who paint on air more than his sense receives,
The glittering pine-tufts with closed eyes behold,
Breathe the strong resinous perfume, see the sky
Quiver like azure flame between the leaves,
And open unseen gates with key of gold?There's no green nor any blue
No sea nor a hill of hue
Our eyes gain no tranquil glory
Finding there no prairie
A street of houses
A road of pits and manholes
Departmentally concaved
By chasing vehicles goaded-
Doddering, tottering, walk-smitten
As per the doctor's advice driven
Bathing in sweat and dust
Panting laboriously but adjusting to ingest
People of sixty plus quality
Walking along with hoofing activity
Under the sun up once down once
Fitness oohing amid the dissonance, smogginess....
Oh Dhanvantri, God of health!
Born on earth, grown to aged stealth
You too do this city 'go-go'?COME, here is adieu to the city
And hurrah for the country again.
The broad road lies before me
Watered with last night's rain.
The timbered country woos me
With many a high and bough;
And again in the shining fallows
The ploughman follows the plough.
The whole year's sweat and study,
And the whole year's sowing time,
Comes now to the perfect harvest,
And ripens now into rhyme.
For we that sow in the Autumn,
We reap our grain in the Spring,
And we that go sowing and weeping
Return to reap and sing.Like a long arrow through the dark the train is darting,
Bearing me far away, after a perfect day of love's delight:
Wakeful with all the sad-sweet memories of parting,
I lift the narrow window-shade and look out on the night.
Lonely the land unknown, and like a river flowing,
Forest and field and hill are gliding backward still athwart my dream;
Till in that country strange, and ever stranger growing,
A magic city full of lights begins to glow and gleam.
Wide through the landscape dim the lamps are lit in millions;
Long avenues unfold clear-shining lines of gold across the green;
Clusters and rings of light, and luminous pavilions, --
Oh, who will tell the city's name, and what these wonders mean?
Why do they beckon me, and what have they to show me?
Crowds in the blazing street, mirth where the feasters meet, kisses and wine:
Many to laugh with me, but never one to know me:
A cityful of stranger-hearts and none to beat with mine!
Look how the glittering lines are wavering and lifting, --
Softly the breeze of night, scatters the vision bright: and, passing fair,
Over the meadow-grass and through the forest drifting,
The Fire-Fly City of the Dark is lost in empty air!
Girl of the golden eyes, to you my heart is turning:
Sleep in your quiet room, while through the midnight gloom my train is whirled.
Clear in your dreams of me the light of love is burning, --
The only never failing light in all the phantom world.Faraway city
Castles in the clouds and mist
Your dreams will come trueWe have a small sculpture of Henry James on our terrace in New York City.
Nothing would surprise him.
The beast in the jungle was what he saw--
Edith Wharton's obfuscating older brother. . .
He fled the demons
of Manhattan
for fear they would devour
his inner ones
(the ones who wrote the books)
& silence the stifled screams
of his protagonists.
To Europe
like a wandering Jew--
WASP that he was--
but with the Jew's
outsider's hunger. . .
face pressed up
to the glass of sex
refusing every passion
but the passion to write
the words grew
more & more complex
& convoluted
until they utterly imprisoned him
in their fairytale brambles.
Language for me
is meant to be
a transparency,
clear water gleaming
under a covered bridge. . .
I love his spiritual sister
because she snatched clarity
from her murky history.
Tormented New Yorkers both,
but she journeyed
to the heart of light--
did he?
She took her friends on one last voyage,
through the isles of Greece
on a yacht chartered with her royalties--
a rich girl proud to be making her own money.
The light of the Middle Sea
was what she sought.
All denizens
of this demonic city caught
between pitch and black
long for the light.
But she found it
in a few of her books. . .
while Henry James
discovered
what he had probably
started with:
that beast, that jungle,
that solipsistic scream.
He did not join her
on that final cruise.
(He was on his own final cruise).
Did he want to?
I would wager yes.
I look back with love and sorrow
at them both--
dear teachers--
but she shines like Miss Liberty
to Emma Lazarus' hordes,
while he gazes within,
always, at his own
impenetrable jungle.Not in the solitude
Alone may man commune with heaven, or see
Only in savage wood
And sunny vale, the present Deity;
Or only hear his voice
Where the winds whisper and the waves rejoice.
Even here do I behold
Thy steps, Almighty!--here, amidst the crowd,
Through the great city rolled,
With everlasting murmur deep and loud--
Choking the ways that wind
'Mongst the proud piles, the work of humankind.
Thy golden sunshine comes
From the round heaven, and on their dwellings lies,
And lights their inner homes;
For them thou fill'st with air the unbounded skies,
And givest them the stores
Of ocean, and the harvests of its shores.
Thy spirit is around,
Quickening the restless mass that sweeps along;
And this eternal sound--
Voices and footfalls of the numberless throng--
Like the resounding sea,
Or like the rainy tempest, speaks of thee.
And when the hours of rest
Come, like a calm upon the mid-sea brine,
Hushing its billowy breast--
The quiet of that moment too is thine;
It breathes of him who keeps
The vast and helpless city while it sleeps.Some have told me the city will ruin me
Some said the city is an ugly place
The city has marred better men than me
I hadn’t lived in the city for quite some time,
But living there again was an amazing experience
The city glowed with a dazzling beauty,
Pumping a vitality in my veins
Through my heart, an exuberant,
Youthful feeling of excitement
I let the city have my heart.
I thought the city gave me hers.
This love was not meant to last.
I had to leave the city for a little while.
The city couldn’t handle the distance,
Provoking the city to eject me from
The city’s heart, ripping and tearing
Until I was only a memory, a fling
So I left the city in search of a new life.
I found myself alone in the desert.
I convinced myself the city was only
A memory locked away
The days were sweltering and arduous,
The nights were frigid and excruciating
These times were spent alone, in silence
Where almost no life is sustainable,
And I ignored the ghosts which
Maliciously brought about vibrant,
Heartwarming thoughts of the city
I turned North, the city far passed
The horizon, though its glimmer
Reaches me still
Its lights do nothing but illuminate
The darkness this desert has
Brought into my heart
And the damage my lungs have
Sustained as they drown in my
Quiet tears
In this moment, I unleashed
An ugly, primal scream
From the depths of my marred soul,
The waves traveling through miles of
Nothingness
It was then when I realized
I still love the city.
But the city doesn’t love me.How strange that here is nothing as it was!
The sward is young and new,
The sod there shapes a different mass,
The random trees stand other than I knew.
No, here the Past has left no residue,
No aftermath!
By a new path
The workmen homeward in the city twilight pass.
Yet was this willow here.
It hung as now its olive skeins aloft
Into the sky, then blue and clear,--
And yonder pair of poplar trees
Rose also, soft
And sibilant in the glory of the breeze.
It's early dark. One scarce distinguishes
Their sullen feathering in the autumn sky.
'Tis warm and still.
Dull o'er the town the vapours lie.
Innumerable
And dodging the uncertain stare,
The small, shrewd lampions dot the air.
Many like me
Loiter perhaps as I in after years,
As looking here to see
Some vestige of the living that was theirs,
Some trace of yesterday,
Somae hint or remnant, echo, clue--some thing,
Some very little thing of what was they.
Sure such are near! Else were it not so still
This evening,
So human-still and warm and kind.
'Tis as of many moved
In unison of will and mind to sing
Low litanies to that which they had wholly loved.
How sweet it is
Under the perishable trees
To hear the wings of the one human soul
Fluttering up
In Time's dark branches to the lucid stars.
More than Despair is Hope,
And more than Hope is the Hope that despairs,
And more than all
Is Love that disbelieves the real years.
Here in this place
One August morning--when the earlier crowd,
Showmen or populace,
From many a region and of curious face,
Abroad the holiday
Quaint in the sun with garb and gesture glowed,
And, speaking grave or gay
The various accent of their lonely race,
Between the shadowy gold bazars idled away--
She, as a cloud
All sunrise-coloured and alone,
Thro' the blue summer tremblin came to me.
I dried her tears and here we sat us down.
Little by little, as tripping oversea
On flame-tipped waves the daylight's long surprise
Sweeps world and heaven in one,
So love across our eyes
Broke with the sun.
Happy we walked away. The fairy sight
Untangling shook a thousand chequered fires.
Low under scarlet awnings rung on rung,
Copper and bronze and azurite,
Ranged on the sagging wires
The trifles clinked in the red light.
From beam and niche vendors in strange attires,
Slipping dark hands along,
Unhooked the quiet wool, the gaudy chintz,
Or, precious where it hung,
Long fluid jewels of auroral silk:
And dryly to the sense
Their attars old and dusty powders clung.
Still passed the weavers and the dyers
Many a jar, a bowl
Turned as of water or of milk--
Glazen and jade and porcelain--
Far down the shadows colouring stole.
As one had shook a jungle after rain
And basketing the drops at random spilled
Their red and green, their topaz and sapphires,
All were here piled.--
And wandering out we smiled
To see across the glowing noon so high,
So high and far,
The incandescent minarets and domes and spires
Lifting the fusion of the coloured choirs
To the sky
Softly--save only where
A flag or pennant fallen slack
Shotted the dazzling air.
I came to-day to find her, I came back
Humble with sweet desires
Across this dun September atmosphere
To her.
I came, I knew she was not here:
Now let me go.
I came, I come because I love her so.
Not in the acres of the Soul
Does Nature drive the ploughshare of her change.
It is not strange
That here in part and whole
The faithful eye sees all things as before.
For past the newer flowers,
Above the recent trees and clouds come o'er,
Love finds the other hours
Once more.LONDON, thou art of townes A per se.
Soveraign of cities, seemliest in sight,
Of high renoun, riches and royaltie;
Of lordis, barons, and many a goodly knyght;
Of most delectable lusty ladies bright;
Of famous prelatis, in habitis clericall;
Of merchauntis full of substaunce and of myght:
London, thou art the flour of Cities all.
Gladdith anon, thou lusty Troynovaunt,
Citie that some tyme cleped was New Troy;
In all the erth, imperiall as thou stant,
Pryncesse of townes, of pleasure and of joy,
A richer restith under no Christen roy;
For manly power, with craftis naturall,
Fourmeth none fairer sith the flode of Noy:
London, thou art the flour of Cities all.
Gemme of all joy, jasper of jocunditie,
Most myghty carbuncle of vertue and valour;
Strong Troy in vigour and in strenuytie;
Of royall cities rose and geraflour;
Empress of townes, exalt in honour;
In beawtie beryng the crone imperiall;
Swete paradise precelling in pleasure;
London, thou art the flour of Cities all.
Above all ryvers thy Ryver hath renowne,
Whose beryall stremys, pleasaunt and preclare,
Under thy lusty wallys renneth down,
Where many a swan doth swymme with wyngis fair;
Where many a barge doth saile and row with are;
Where many a ship doth rest with top-royall.
O, towne of townes! patrone and not compare,
London, thou art the flour of Cities all.
Upon thy lusty Brigge of pylers white
Been merchauntis full royall to behold;
Upon thy stretis goeth many a semely knyght
In velvet gownes and in cheynes of gold.
By Julyus Cesar thy Tour founded of old
May be the hous of Mars victoryall,
Whose artillary with tonge may not be told:
London, thou art the flour of Cities all.
Strong be thy wallis that about thee standis;
Wise be the people that within thee dwellis;
Fresh is thy ryver with his lusty strandis;
Blith be thy chirches, wele sownyng be thy bellis;
Rich be thy merchauntis in substaunce that excellis;
Fair be their wives, right lovesom, white and small;
Clere be thy virgyns, lusty under kellis:
London, thou art the flour of Cities all.
Thy famous Maire, by pryncely governaunce,
With sword of justice thee ruleth prudently.
No Lord of Parys, Venyce, or Floraunce
In dignitye or honour goeth to hym nigh.
He is exampler, loode-ster, and guye;
Principall patrone and rose orygynalle,
Above all Maires as maister most worthy:
London, thou art the flour of Cities all.In the city of sorrows
Is where we see so much
Racism
Against
Men and women
In the city of sorrows
There are so much injusticeLas Vegas, Las Vegas, the city of dreams,
The city of triumph and utter disaster.
For you can win and gain a most vast amount,
But you can also loose without a count.
I advise you my friend, to watch yourself
With the up most of care and thought.
Stay away from the one arm bandits
And be careful of the thieves and
Hustlers which rob you in vain.
Stroll the streets for a meal which is cheap,
But I am sure sure that the food will be
Cut back, for then you will have more money
To play Black Jack.
I know that you cannot resist the temptation
Of having a bit of a gamble, but in order
To not appear like a spanner, be sure
To place your wages in a casual manner.
I am sure that the gambling will carry on
Throughout the dead of night, and no
one will stop your addiction, not even
Your wife!
So you are flat-broke and you are on your
Flight home, at least you have enjoyed
your time, but remember my friend, Las
Vegas is an ultimate unknown; for
It is the city of triumph and utter
Disaster.White King City I left at dawn
in the morning-glow of the clouds;
The thousand miles to Chiang-ling
we sailed in a single day.
On either shore the gibbons' chatter
sounded without pause
While my light boat skimmed past
ten thousand sombre crags.You are my city
the gaudy glow of neon light
that dispels the darkness of the night
Enhailing this dust flying smells ands feels like home
the cloudy weather, the dim trees, the city looked like and open book.
with nature bringing a colourful beauty to ones heart
Alone i lay on a wooden raft
my breath is void of oxygen
my heart is scribbled without rythm
to the beautiful change made by ur smiling culture
The shimmers of the moon made the rest of the city glimmer
now its clear why ure a symbol of pride
The lullaby tunes of the mocking bird awakenes momments of passion
My head speaks and so does my heart
am lost in the beautiful city and for ever i want to be
Here, laughter is a pleasant sound
it spreads joy all around
flushing out every despairs of the heart
Just for this city
i will open my eyes and ask the creator for one more day
this are my praises 4 the city in u.You are my city
The gaudy glow of neon light
that dispels the darkness of the night
Enhaling the smell of dust makes it feel like home
The cloudy weather, the dim trees, you look like an open book.
with nature bringing a colourful beauty to ones' heart
Alone i lay on a wooden raft
My breath is void of oxygen
My heart is scrambled without rythm
to the beautiful change made by ur smiling culture
The shimmers of the moon made the rest of the city glimmer
Now its clear why ure a symbol of pride
The lullaby tunes of the mocking bird awakens moments of passion
My head speaks and so does my heart
am lost in this beautiful city and for ever i want 2 b
Here, laughter is a pleasant sound
It spreads joy all around
flushing out every despair of the heart
Just for this city
i will open my eyes and ask the creator for one more day
one more day to discover the city in you and you in the city
let this be my praise of you, my beautiful cityThe sluggish clouds hang low upon the town,
And from yon lamp in chilled and sodden rays
The feeble light gropes through the heavy mist
And dies, extinguished in the stagnant maze.
From moisty eaves the drops fall slowly down
To strike with leaden sound the walk below,
And in dark, murky pools upon the street
The water stands, as lacking life to flow.
With hopeless brain, oppressed and sad at heart,
Toil's careworn slave turns out his flickering light
And treads in dreams his dulling round again,
Where weary day succeeds to dismal night.SEE how the speckled sky burns like a pigeon's throat,
Jewelled with embers of opal and peridote.
See the white river that flashes and scintillates,
Curved like a tusk from the mouth of the city-gates.
Hark, from the minaret, how the muezzin's call
Floats like a battle-flag over the city wall.
From trellised balconies, languid and luminous
Faces gleam, veiled in a splendour voluminous.
Leisurely elephants wind through the winding lanes,
Swinging their silver bells hung from their silver chains.
Round the high Char Minar sounds of gay cavalcades
Blend with the music of cymbals and serenades.
Over the city bridge Night comes majestical,
Borne like a queen to a sumptuous festival.O CITY, look the Eastward way!
Beyond thy roofs of shadowy red and grey
Floats like a lily on the airy stream,
Radiant and vast, a cloud,
Around whose billowy head
Splendour from out the glooming West is shed
As if it were not ever to take flight,—
And on its edge of gleam
In the clear blue of waning afternoon,
Faint as a spirit slipping from the shroud,
Faint, and yet gathering light,
The Moon.
O city, dream and pray!
This is thy evensong at close of day.We couldn’t believe what we were hearing
It just couldn’t be true we thought
How could anyone be this cruel?
We hoped they would quickly be caught
A bombing of the worse kind had occurred
It just didn’t seem real or seem fair
Could there be a mistake we asked
Could it have really happened there?
But it was true, we soon discovered
It was announced all over the world
Pain and suffering, the loss of life
Anger of a huge magnitude was hurled
And so on April nineteenth of each year
We honor the loss of precious lives
It’s still so difficult to imagine
And the pain still cuts like a knife
The memorial defines each person
Who lost their life in vain
For family and friends alike
Would give anything to see them again
So let’s all close our eyes for a moment
Pray for those who are hurting still
Hope that the hurt will someday subside
And the ache inside them will heal!The white woman across the aisle from me says 'Look,
look at all the history, that house
on the hill there is over two hundred years old, '
as she points out the window past me
into what she has been taught. I have learned
little more about American history during my few days
back East than what I expected and far less
of what we should all know of the tribal stories
whose architecture is 15,000 years older
than the corners of the house that sits
museumed on the hill. 'Walden Pond, '
the woman on the train asks, 'Did you see Walden Pond? '
and I don't have a cruel enough heart to break
her own by telling her there are five Walden Ponds
on my little reservation out West
and at least a hundred more surrounding Spokane,
the city I pretended to call my home. 'Listen, '
I could have told her. 'I don't give a shit
about Walden. I know the Indians were living stories
around that pond before Walden's grandparents were born
and before his grandparents' grandparents were born.
I'm tired of hearing about Don-fucking-Henley saving it, too,
because that's redundant. If Don Henley's brothers and sisters
and mothers and father hadn't come here in the first place
then nothing would need to be saved.'
But I didn't say a word to the woman about Walden
Pond because she smiled so much and seemed delighted
that I thought to bring her an orange juice
back from the food car. I respect elders
of every color. All I really did was eat
my tasteless sandwich, drink my Diet Pepsi
and nod my head whenever the woman pointed out
another little piece of her country's history
while I, as all Indians have done
since this war began, made plans
for what I would do and say the next time
somebody from the enemy thought I was one of their own.ONCE I pass'd through a populous city, imprinting my brain, for
future use, with its shows, architecture, customs, and
traditions;
Yet now, of all that city, I remember only a woman I casually met
there, who detain'd me for love of me;
Day by day and night by night we were together,--All else has long
been forgotten by me;
I remember, I say, only that woman who passionately clung to me;
Again we wander--we love--we separate again;
Again she holds me by the hand--I must not go!
I see her close beside me, with silent lips, sad and tremulous.. . .telling those who swarm around him his desire
is that an appendage from each of them
fill, invade each of his orifices,--
repeating, chanting
Oh yeahOh yeahOh yeahOh yeahOh yeah
until, as if in darkness he craved the sun, at last he reached
consummation.
Until telling those who swarm around him begins again
(we are the wheel to which we are bound).Too old to carry arms and fight like the others -
they graciously gave me the inferior role of chronicler
I record - I don't know for whom - the history of the siege
I am supposed to be exact but I don't know when the invasion began
two hundred years ago in December in September perhaps yesterday at dawn
everyone here suffers from a loss of the sense of time
all we have left is the place the attachment to the place
we still rule over the ruins of temples spectres of gardens and houses
if we lose the ruins nothing will be left
I write as I can in the rhythm of interminable weeks
monday: empty storehouses a rat became the unit of currency
tuesday: the mayor murdered by unknown assailants
wednesday: negotiations for a cease-fire the enemy has imprisoned our messengers
we don't know where they are held that is the place of torture
thursday: after a stormy meeting a majority of voices rejected
the motion of the spice merchants for unconditional surrender
friday: the beginning of the plague saturday: our invincible defender
N.N. committed suicide sunday: no more water we drove back
an attack at the eastern gate called the Gate of the Alliance
all of this is monotonous I know it can't move anyone
I avoid any commentary I keep a tight hold on my emotions I write about the facts
only they it seems are appreciated in foreign markets
yet with a certain pride I would like to inform the world
that thanks to the war we have raised a new species of children
our children don’t like fairy tales they play at killing
awake and asleep they dream of soup of bread and bones
just like dogs and cats
in the evening I like to wander near the outposts of the city
along the frontier of our uncertain freedom.
I look at the swarms of soldiers below their lights
I listen to the noise of drums barbarian shrieks
truly it is inconceivable the City is still defending itself
the siege has lasted a long time the enemies must take turns
nothing unites them except the desire for our extermination
Goths the Tartars Swedes troops of the Emperor regiments of the Transfiguration
who can count them
the colours of their banners change like the forest on the horizon
from delicate bird's yellow in spring through green through red to winter's black
and so in the evening released from facts I can think
about distant ancient matters for example our
friends beyond the sea I know they sincerely sympathize
they send us flour lard sacks of comfort and good advice
they don’t even know their fathers betrayed us
our former allies at the time of the second Apocalypse
their sons are blameless they deserve our gratitude therefore we are grateful
they have not experienced a siege as long as eternity
those struck by misfortune are always alone
the defenders of the Dalai Lama the Kurds the Afghan mountaineers
now as I write these words the advocates of conciliation
have won the upper hand over the party of inflexibles
a normal hesitation of moods fate still hangs in the balance
cemeteries grow larger the number of defenders is smaller
yet the defence continues it will continue to the end
and if the City falls but a single man escapes
he will carry the City within himself on the roads of exile
he will be the City
we look in the face of hunger the face of fire face of death
worst of all - the face of betrayal
and only our dreams have not been humiliatedI once walked by the saddest city lane
And saw an old man there, all ragged and plain.
He sat alone by a glowing fires flaring light
An empty wine bottle before him, a sorry, sorry sight.
All he wanted was some shelter and to forget pain,
But the night would spite him that, all it’d bring is cold rain.
And I just walked on, on in wonder, on towards home
Remembering fire in his eyes with mine on the gloam.There's a lobby by my study where my visitors may enter
which, since we got the kittens, has a dirtbox at the centre.
They're still too young to go outside, that's why I ask for pity:
they've turned my quiet oasis into Shitty Kitty City.
Pity, pity, isn't it a pity?
They've turned my quiet oasis into Shitty Kitty City.
Their mother trained them very well to go into the tray.
They do their stuff and cover it - that's fair enough, you say;
but litter gets flicked everywhere, so underfoot is gritty:
you need your wellies on indoors for Shitty Kitty City.
Pity, pity, isn't it a pity?
You need your wellies on indoors for Shitty Kitty City.
Mind the crap... Mind the crap... Stand clear of the turds, please.
I scoop the jobbies off the floor: the cats think I collect 'em,
so each one keeps on squeezing me a present from its rectum.
There's steaming heaps all over, and it isn't smelling pretty -
it's best to wear a gasmask when in Shitty Kitty City.
Pity, pity, isn't it a pity?
It's best to wear a gasmask when in Shitty Kitty City.
Ip dip dog shit, you are not it.
But soon they will be big enough to do it in the garden.
I'm putting out my begging bowl, for which I beg your pardon.
And now you see, good people all, the reason for my ditty -
a whipround for a catflap door for Shitty Kitty City.
Pity, pity, isn't it a pity?
I need to buy a catflap door for Shitty Kitty City.Down at suicide city,
Null of pride and past all pity.
Suicide city:
A stressed out Walter Mitty,
I'm at suicide city,
And I've maxed out my last chitty.
Suicide city, for my crime.
It's the dreaming and aphasic snow,
The white noise of this constant go.
And frozen in the cauldron's glow,
Of demons and my fears of woe;
The neediness of knee-jerk foe,
Who'd stand and fight them toe to toe,
Toe to toe, toe to toe...
Down at suicide city,
With nothing in the kitty.
Suicide city:
My life has got so shitty.
I'm at suicide city,
Waist deep in nitty-gritty.
Suicide city. In the slime.
It's the waking and the finding,
Of the ties, no longer binding,
In a white light: burning, blinding,
That no-one wants to know.
It's the grating and the grinding,
Of my teeth and nerves unwinding.
It's the brazen lies, reminding me
Of a dog and pony show!
Down at suicide city,
There ain't no joke so witty.
Suicide city:
The outcome won't be pretty.
I'm at suicide city,
Where I'll sing my final ditty.
Suicide city. Done my time.
I've done my time!To live between terms, to live where death
has his loud picture in the subway ride,
Being amid six million souls, their breath
An empty song suppressed on every side,
Where the sliding auto's catastrophe
Is a gust past the curb, where numb and high
The office building rises to its tyranny,
Is our anguished diminution until we die.
Whence, if ever, shall come the actuality
Of a voice speaking the mind's knowing,
The sunlight bright on the green windowshade,
And the self articulate, affectionate, and flowing,
Ease, warmth, light, the utter showing,
When in the white bed all things are made.WHO remains in London,
In the streets with me,
Now that Spring is blowing
Warm winds from the sea;
Now that trees grow green and tall,
Now the sun shines mellow,
And with moist primroses all
English lanes are yellow?
Little barefoot maiden,
Selling violets blue,
Hast thou ever pictur’d
Where the sweetlings grew?
Oh, the warm wild woodland ways,
Deep in dewy grasses,
Where the windblown shadow strays,
Scented as it passes!
Pedlar breathing deeply,
Toiling into town,
With the dusty highway
You are dusky brown;
Hast thou seen by daisied leas,
And by rivers flowing,
Lilac-ringlets which the breeze
Loosens lightly blowing?
Out of yonder wagon
Pleasant hay-scents float,
He who drives it carries
A daisy in his coat:
Oh, the English meadows, fair
Far beyond all praises!
Freckled orchids everywhere
Mid the snow of daisies!
Now in busy silence
Broods the nightingale,
Choosing his love’s dwelling
In a dimpled dale;
Round the leafy bower they raise
Rose-trees wild are springing;
Underneath, thro’ the green haze,
Bounds the brooklet singing.
And his love is silent
As a bird can be,
For the red buds only
Fill the red rose-tree;
Just as buds and blossoms blow
He ’ll begin his tune,
When all is green and roses glow
Underneath the moon.
Nowhere in the valleys
Will the wind be still,
Everything is waving,
Wagging at his will:
Blows the milkmaid’s kirtle clean,
With her hand press’d on it;
Lightly o’er the hedge so green
Blows the ploughboy’s bonnet.
Oh, to be a roaming
In an English dell!
Every nook is wealthy,
All the world looks well,
Tinted soft the Heavens glow,
Over Earth and Ocean,
Waters flow, breezes blow,
All is light and motion!Across the bridge, where in the morning blow
The wrinkled tide turns homeward, and is fain
Homeward to drag the balck sea-goer's chain,
And the long yards by Dowgate dipping low;
Across dispeopled ways, patient and slow,
Saint Magnus and Saint Dunstan call in vain:
>From Wren's forgotten belfries, in the rain,
Down the blank wharves the dropping octaves go.
Forbid not these! Tho' no man heed, they shower
A subtle beauty on the empty hour,
>From all their dark throats aching and outblown;
Aye in the prayerless places welcome most,
Like the last gull that up a naked coast
Deploys her white and steady wing, alone.My window shews the travelling clouds,
Leaves spent, new seasons, alter'd sky,
The making and the melting crowds:
The whole world passes; I stand by.
They do not waste their meted hours,
But men and masters plan and build:
I see the crowning of their towers,
And happy promises fulfill'd.
And I - perhaps if my intent
Could count on prediluvian age,
The labours I should then have spent
Might so attain their heritage,
But now before the pot can glow
With not to be discover'd gold,
At length the bellows shall not blow,
The furnace shall at last be cold.
Yet it is now too late to heal
The incapable and cumbrous shame
Which makes me when with men I deal
More powerless than the blind or lame.
No, I should love the city less
Even than this my thankless lore;
But I desire the wilderness
Or weeded landslips of the shore.
I walk my breezy belvedere
To watch the low or levant sun,
I see the city pigeons veer,
I mark the tower swallows run
Between the tower-top and the ground
Below me in the bearing air;
Then find in the horizon-round
One spot and hunger to be there.
And then I hate the most that lore
That holds no promise of success;
Then sweetest seems the houseless shore,
Then free and kind the wilderness,
Or ancient mounds that cover bones,
Or rocks where rockdoves do repair
And trees of terebinth and stones
And silence and a gulf of air.
There on a long and squared height
After the sunset I would lie,
And pierce the yellow waxen light
With free long looking, ere I die.Beautiful Ancient City of Perth,
One of the grandest on the earth,
With your stately mansions and streets so clean,
And situated between two Inches green,
Which are most magnificent to be seen
The North Inch is beautiful to behold,
Where the daisies and butter-cups their petals unfold,
In the warm summer time of the year,
While the clear silvery Tay rolls by quite near,
And such a scene will your spirits cheer.
The South Inch is lovely, be it said,
And a splendid spot for military parade,
While along the highway there are some big trees,
Where the soldiers can rest or stand at ease,
Whichever way their commanders please.
The surrounding woodland scenery is very grand,
It cannot be surpassed in fair Scotland,
Especially the elegant Palace of Scone, in history renowned,
Where some of Scotland's kings were crowned.
And the Fair Maid of Perth's house is worthy to be seen,
Which is well worth visiting by Duke, Lord, or Queen;
The Fair Maid of Perth caused the battle on the North Inch
'Twixt the Clans Chattan and Kay, and neither of them did flinch,
Until they were cut up inch by inch.
The scenery is lovely in the month of June,
When trees and flowers are in full bloom,
Especially near by the Palace of Scone,
Where the blackbird is heard whistling all day
While near by rolls on the clear silvery Tay.
Of all the cities in Scotland, beautiful Perth for me,
For it is the most elegant city that ever I did see,
With its beautiful woodland scenery along the river Tay,
Which would make the tourist's heart feel gay,
While fishing for trout on a fine summer day.
There, the angler, if he likes to resort
For a few day's fishing, can have excellent sport,
And while he is fishing during the day,
He will feel delighted with the scenery along the river Tay.
And the fish he catches will drive dull care away,
And his toil will be rewarded for the fatigues of the day.
Beautiful city of Perth, magnificent to be seen,
With your grand statues and Inches green,
And your lovely maidens fair and gay,
Which, in conclusion, I will venture to say,
You cannot be surpassed at the present day.A sad tale of the sea I will relate, which will your hearts appal
Concerning the burning of the steamship "City of Montreal,"
Which had on board two hundred and forty-nine souls in all,
But, alas! a fearful catastrophe did them befall.
The steamer left New York on the 6th August with a general cargo,
Bound for Queenstown and Liverpool also;
And all went well until Wednesday evening the 10th,
When in an instant an alarming fire was discovered at length.
And most of the passengers had gone to their berths for the night,
But when the big bell rang out, oh! what a pitiful sight;
To see mothers and their children crying, was most heartrending to behold,
As the blinding smoke began to ascend from the main hold.
And the smoke before long drifted down below,
Which almost choked the passengers, and filled their hearts with woe;
Then fathers and mothers rushed madly upon the deck,
While the crew were struggling manfully the fire to check.
Oh, it was a soul-harrowing and horrible sight,
To see the brave sailors trying hard with all their might;
Battling furiously with the merciless flames --
With a dozen of hose, but still the fire on them gains.
At length it became apparent the steamer couldn't be saved,
And the passengers were huddled together, and some of them madly raved;
And the family groups were most touching to see,
Especially husbands and wives embracing each other tenderly.
The mothers drew their little ones close to them,
Just like little lambs huddled together in a pen;
While the white foaming billows was towering mountains high,
And one and all on God for protection did cry.
And when the Captain saw the steamer he couldn't save,
He cried, come men, prepare the boats to be launched on the briny wave;
Be quick, and obey my orders, let each one bear a hand-
And steer the vessel direct for Newfoundland.
Then the men made ready the boats, which were eight on board,
Hurriedly and fearlessly with one accord;
And by eight o'clock on Thursday morning, everything was ready
For the passengers to leave the burning steamer that was rolling unsteady.
Then Captain Land on his officers loudly did call,
And the cheery manliness of him inspired confidence in all;
Then he ordered the men to lower the boats without delay,
So the boats were launched on the stormy sea without dismay.
Then women and children were first put into them,
Also a quantity of provisions, then followed the men;
And as soon as the boats were loaded they left the steamer's side,
To be tossed to and fro on the ocean wide.
And just as they left the burning ship, a barque hove in sight,
Which filled the poor creatures' hearts with delight;
And the barque was called the "Trebant," of Germany,
So they were all rescued and conveyed to their homes in safety.
But before they left the barque, they thanked God that did them save
From a cold and merciless watery grave;
Also the Captain received their thanks o'er and o'er,
Whilst the big waves around the barque did sullenly roar.
So good people I warn ye ail to be advised by me,
To remember and be prepared to meet God where'er ye may be;
For death claims his victims, both on sea and shore,
Therefore be prepared for that happy land where all troubles are o'er.I
To none the city bends a servile knee;
Purse-proud and scornful, on her heights she stands,
And at her feet the great white moaning sea
Shoulders incessantly the grey-gold sands,--
One the Almighty's child since time began,
And one the might of Mammon, born of clods;
For all the city is the work of man,
But all the sea is God's.
II
And she--between the ocean and the town--
Lies cursed of one and by the other blest:
Her staring eyes, her long drenched hair, her gown,
Sea-laved and soiled and dank above her breast.
She, image of her God since life began,
She, but the child of Mammon, born of clods,
Her broken body spoiled and spurned of man,
But her sweet soul is God's.Beside the pounding cataracts
Of midnight streams unknown to us
'Tis builded in the leafless tracts
And valleys huge of Tartarus.
Lurid and lofty and vast it seems;
It hath no rounded name that rings,
But I have heard it called in dreams
The City of the End of Things.
Its roofs and iron towers have grown
None knoweth how high within the night,
But in its murky streets far down
A flaming terrible and bright
Shakes all the stalking shadows there,
Across the walls, across the floors,
And shifts upon the upper air
From out a thousand furnace doors;
And all the while an awful sound
Keeps roaring on continually,
And crashes in the ceaseless round
Of a gigantic harmony.
Through its grim depths re-echoing
And all its weary height of walls,
With measured roar and iron ring,
The inhuman music lifts and falls.
Where no thing rests and no man is,
And only fire and night hold sway;
The beat, the thunder and the hiss
Cease not, and change not, night nor day.
And moving at unheard commands,
The abysses and vast fires between,
Flit figures that with clanking hands
Obey a hideous routine;
They are not flesh, they are not bone,
They see not with the human eye,
And from their iron lips is blown
A dreadful and monotonous cry;
And whoso of our mortal race
Should find that city unaware,
Lean Death would smite him face to face,
And blanch him with its venomed air:
Or caught by the terrific spell,
Each thread of memory snapt and cut,
His soul would shrivel and its shell
Go rattling like an empty nut.
It was not always so, but once,
In days that no man thinks upon,
Fair voices echoed from its stones,
The light above it leaped and shone:
Once there were multitudes of men,
That built that city in their pride,
Until its might was made, and then
They withered age by age and died.
But now of that prodigious race,
Three only in an iron tower,
Set like carved idols face to face,
Remain the masters of its power;
And at the city gate a fourth,
Gigantic and with dreadful eyes,
Sits looking toward the lightless north,
Beyond the reach of memories;
Fast rooted to the lurid floor,
A bulk that never moves a jot,
In his pale body dwells no more,
Or mind or soul,—an idiot!
But sometime in the end those three
Shall perish and their hands be still,
And with the master's touch shall flee
Their incommunicable skill.
A stillness absolute as death
Along the slacking wheels shall lie,
And, flagging at a single breath,
The fires shall moulder out and die.
The roar shall vanish at its height,
And over that tremendous town
The silence of eternal night
Shall gather close and settle down.
All its grim grandeur, tower and hall,
Shall be abandoned utterly,
And into rust and dust shall fall
From century to century;
Nor ever living thing shall grow,
Nor trunk of tree, nor blade of grass;
No drop shall fall, no wind shall blow,
Nor sound of any foot shall pass:
Alone of its accursèd state,
One thing the hand of Time shall spare,
For the grim Idiot at the gate
Is deathless and eternal there.It was pleasant up the country, City Bushman, where you went,
For you sought the greener patches and you travelled like a gent;
And you curse the trams and buses and the turmoil and the push,
Though you know the squalid city needn't keep you from the bush;
But we lately heard you singing of the `plains where shade is not',
And you mentioned it was dusty -- `all was dry and all was hot'.
True, the bush `hath moods and changes' -- and the bushman hath 'em, too,
For he's not a poet's dummy -- he's a man, the same as you;
But his back is growing rounder -- slaving for the absentee --
And his toiling wife is thinner than a country wife should be.
For we noticed that the faces of the folks we chanced to meet
Should have made a greater contrast to the faces in the street;
And, in short, we think the bushman's being driven to the wall,
And it's doubtful if his spirit will be `loyal thro' it all'.
Though the bush has been romantic and it's nice to sing about,
There's a lot of patriotism that the land could do without --
Sort of BRITISH WORKMAN nonsense that shall perish in the scorn
Of the drover who is driven and the shearer who is shorn,
Of the struggling western farmers who have little time for rest,
And are ruined on selections in the sheep-infested West;
Droving songs are very pretty, but they merit little thanks
From the people of a country in possession of the Banks.
And the `rise and fall of seasons' suits the rise and fall of rhyme,
But we know that western seasons do not run on schedule time;
For the drought will go on drying while there's anything to dry,
Then it rains until you'd fancy it would bleach the sunny sky --
Then it pelters out of reason, for the downpour day and night
Nearly sweeps the population to the Great Australian Bight.
It is up in Northern Queensland that the seasons do their best,
But it's doubtful if you ever saw a season in the West;
There are years without an autumn or a winter or a spring,
There are broiling Junes, and summers when it rains like anything.
In the bush my ears were opened to the singing of the bird,
But the `carol of the magpie' was a thing I never heard.
Once the beggar roused my slumbers in a shanty, it is true,
But I only heard him asking, `Who the blanky blank are you?'
And the bell-bird in the ranges -- but his `silver chime' is harsh
When it's heard beside the solo of the curlew in the marsh.
Yes, I heard the shearers singing `William Riley', out of tune,
Saw 'em fighting round a shanty on a Sunday afternoon,
But the bushman isn't always `trapping brumbies in the night',
Nor is he for ever riding when `the morn is fresh and bright',
And he isn't always singing in the humpies on the run --
And the camp-fire's `cheery blazes' are a trifle overdone;
We have grumbled with the bushmen round the fire on rainy days,
When the smoke would blind a bullock and there wasn't any blaze,
Save the blazes of our language, for we cursed the fire in turn
Till the atmosphere was heated and the wood began to burn.
Then we had to wring our blueys which were rotting in the swags,
And we saw the sugar leaking through the bottoms of the bags,
And we couldn't raise a chorus, for the toothache and the cramp,
While we spent the hours of darkness draining puddles round the camp.
Would you like to change with Clancy -- go a-droving? tell us true,
For we rather think that Clancy would be glad to change with you,
And be something in the city; but 'twould give your muse a shock
To be losing time and money through the foot-rot in the flock,
And you wouldn't mind the beauties underneath the starry dome
If you had a wife and children and a lot of bills at home.
Did you ever guard the cattle when the night was inky-black,
And it rained, and icy water trickled gently down your back
Till your saddle-weary backbone fell a-aching to the roots
And you almost felt the croaking of the bull-frog in your boots --
Sit and shiver in the saddle, curse the restless stock and cough
Till a squatter's irate dummy cantered up to warn you off?
Did you fight the drought and pleuro when the `seasons' were asleep,
Felling sheoaks all the morning for a flock of starving sheep,
Drinking mud instead of water -- climbing trees and lopping boughs
For the broken-hearted bullocks and the dry and dusty cows?
Do you think the bush was better in the `good old droving days',
When the squatter ruled supremely as the king of western ways,
When you got a slip of paper for the little you could earn,
But were forced to take provisions from the station in return --
When you couldn't keep a chicken at your humpy on the run,
For the squatter wouldn't let you -- and your work was never done;
When you had to leave the missus in a lonely hut forlorn
While you `rose up Willy Riley' -- in the days ere you were born?
Ah! we read about the drovers and the shearers and the like
Till we wonder why such happy and romantic fellows strike.
Don't you fancy that the poets ought to give the bush a rest
Ere they raise a just rebellion in the over-written West?
Where the simple-minded bushman gets a meal and bed and rum
Just by riding round reporting phantom flocks that never come;
Where the scalper -- never troubled by the `war-whoop of the push' --
Has a quiet little billet -- breeding rabbits in the bush;
Where the idle shanty-keeper never fails to make a draw,
And the dummy gets his tucker through provisions in the law;
Where the labour-agitator -- when the shearers rise in might --
Makes his money sacrificing all his substance for The Right;
Where the squatter makes his fortune, and `the seasons rise and fall',
And the poor and honest bushman has to suffer for it all;
Where the drovers and the shearers and the bushmen and the rest
Never reach the Eldorado of the poets of the West.
And you think the bush is purer and that life is better there,
But it doesn't seem to pay you like the `squalid street and square'.
Pray inform us, City Bushman, where you read, in prose or verse,
Of the awful `city urchin who would greet you with a curse'.
There are golden hearts in gutters, though their owners lack the fat,
And we'll back a teamster's offspring to outswear a city brat.
Do you think we're never jolly where the trams and buses rage?
Did you hear the gods in chorus when `Ri-tooral' held the stage?
Did you catch a ring of sorrow in the city urchin's voice
When he yelled for Billy Elton, when he thumped the floor for Royce?
Do the bushmen, down on pleasure, miss the everlasting stars
When they drink and flirt and so on in the glow of private bars?
You've a down on `trams and buses', or the `roar' of 'em, you said,
And the `filthy, dirty attic', where you never toiled for bread.
(And about that self-same attic -- Lord! wherever have you been?
For the struggling needlewoman mostly keeps her attic clean.)
But you'll find it very jolly with the cuff-and-collar push,
And the city seems to suit you, while you rave about the bush.
.    .    .    .    .
You'll admit that Up-the Country, more especially in drought,
Isn't quite the Eldorado that the poets rave about,
Yet at times we long to gallop where the reckless bushman rides
In the wake of startled brumbies that are flying for their hides;
Long to feel the saddle tremble once again between our knees
And to hear the stockwhips rattle just like rifles in the trees!
Long to feel the bridle-leather tugging strongly in the hand
And to feel once more a little like a native of the land.
And the ring of bitter feeling in the jingling of our rhymes
Isn't suited to the country nor the spirit of the times.
Let us go together droving, and returning, if we live,
Try to understand each other while we reckon up the div.BY the City Dead-House, by the gate,
As idly sauntering, wending my way from the clangor,
I curious pause--for lo! an outcast form, a poor dead prostitute
brought;
Her corpse they deposit unclaim'd--it lies on the damp brick
pavement;
The divine woman, her body--I see the Body--I look on it alone,
That house once full of passion and beauty--all else I notice not;
Nor stillness so cold, nor running water from faucet, nor odors
morbific impress me;
But the house alone--that wondrous house--that delicate fair house--
that ruin!
That immortal house, more than all the rows of dwellings ever built!
Or white-domed Capitol itself, with majestic figure surmounted--or
all the old high-spired cathedrals;                          10
That little house alone, more than them all--poor, desperate house!
Fair, fearful wreck! tenement of a Soul! itself a Soul!
Unclaim'd, avoided house! take one breath from my tremulous lips;
Take one tear, dropt aside as I go, for thought of you,
Dead house of love! house of madness and sin, crumbled! crush'd!
House of life--erewhile talking and laughing--but ah, poor house!
dead, even then;
Months, years, an echoing, garnish'd house--but dead, dead, dead.Lo! Death has reared himself a throne
In a strange city lying alone
Far down within the dim West,
Where the good and the bad and the worst and the best
Have gone to their eternal rest.
There shrines and palaces and towers
(Time-eaten towers that tremble not!)
Resemble nothing that is ours.
Around, by lifting winds forgot,
Resignedly beneath the sky
The melancholy waters he.
No rays from the holy heaven come down
On the long night-time of that town;
But light from out the lurid sea
Streams up the turrets silently-
Gleams up the pinnacles far and free-
Up domes- up spires- up kingly halls-
Up fanes- up Babylon-like walls-
Up shadowy long-forgotten bowers
Of sculptured ivy and stone flowers-
Up many and many a marvellous shrine
Whose wreathed friezes intertwine
The viol, the violet, and the vine.
Resignedly beneath the sky
The melancholy waters lie.
So blend the turrets and shadows there
That all seem pendulous in air,
While from a proud tower in the town
Death looks gigantically down.
There open fanes and gaping graves
Yawn level with the luminous waves;
But not the riches there that lie
In each idol's diamond eye-
Not the gaily-jewelled dead
Tempt the waters from their bed;
For no ripples curl, alas!
Along that wilderness of glass-
No swellings tell that winds may be
Upon some far-off happier sea-
No heavings hint that winds have been
On seas less hideously serene.
But lo, a stir is in the air!
The wave- there is a movement there!
As if the towers had thrust aside,
In slightly sinking, the dull tide-
As if their tops had feebly given
A void within the filmy Heaven.
The waves have now a redder glow-
The hours are breathing faint and low-
And when, amid no earthly moans,
Down, down that town shall settle hence,
Hell, rising from a thousand thrones,
Shall do it reverence.And when, in the city in which I love you,
even my most excellent song goes unanswered,
andI mount the scabbed streets,
the long shouts of avenues,
and tunnel sunken night in search of you...
That I negotiate fog, bituminous
rain rining like teeth into the beggar's tin,
or two men jackaling a third in some alley
weirdly lit by a couch on fire, that I
drag my extinction in search of you...
Past the guarded schoolyards, the boarded-up churches, swastikaed
synagogues, defended houses of worship, past
newspapered windows of tenements, along the violated,
the prosecuted citizenry, throughout this
storied, buttressed, scavenged, policed
city I call home, in which I am a guest...
a bruise, blue
in the muscle, you
impinge upon me.
As bone hugs the ache home, so
I'm vexed to love you, your body
the shape of returns, your hair a torso
of light, your heat
I must have, your opening
I'd eat, each moment
of that soft-finned fruit,
inverted fountain in which I don't see me.
My tongue remembers your wounded flavor.
The vein in my neck
adores you. A sword
stands up between my hips,
my hidden fleece send forth its scent of human oil.
The shadows under my arms,
I promise, are tender, the shadows
under my face. Do not calculate,
but come, smooth other, rough sister.
Yet, how will you know me
among the captives, my hair grown long,
my blood motley, my ways trespassed upon?
In the uproar, the confusion
of accents and inflections
how will you hear me when I open my mouth?
Look for me, one of the drab population
under fissured edifices, fractured
artifices. Make my various
names flock overhead,
I will follow you.
Hew me to your beauty.
Stack in me the unaccountable fire,
bring on me the iron leaf, but tenderly.
Folded one hundred times and
creased, I'll not crack.
Threshed to excellence, I'll achieve you.
but in the city
in which I love you,
no one comes, no one
meets me in the brick clefts;
in the wedged dark,
no finger touches me secretly, no mouth
tastes my flawless salt,
no one wakens the honey in the cells, finds the humming
in the ribs, the rich business in the recesses;
hulls clogged, I continue laden, translated
by exhaustion and time's appetite, my sleep abandoned
in bus stations and storefront stoops,
my insomnia erected under a sky
cross-hatched by wires, branches,
and black flights of rain. Lewd body of wind
jams me in the passageways, doors slam
like guns going off, a gun goes off, a pie plate spins
past, whizzing its thin tremolo,
a plastic bag, fat with wind, barrels by and slaps
a chain-link fence, wraps it like clung skin.
In the excavated places,
I waited for you, and I did not cry out.
In the derelict rooms, my body needed you,
and there was such flight in my breast.
During the daily assaults, I called to you,
and my voice pursued you,
even backward
to that other city
in which I saw a woman
squat in the street
beside a body,
and fan with a handkerchief flies from its face.
That woman
was not me. And
the corpse
lying there, lying there
so still it seemed with great effort, as though
his whole being was concentrating on the hole
in his forehead, so still
I expected he'd sit up any minute and laugh out loud:
that man was not me;
his wound was his, his death not mine.
and the soldier
who fired the shot, then lit a cigarette:
he was not me.
And the ones I do not see
in cities all over the world,
the ones sitting, standing, lying down, those
in prisons playing checkers with their knocked-out teeth:
they are not me. Some of them are
my age, even my height and weight;
none of them is me.
The woman who is slapped, the man who is kicked,
the ones who don't survive,
whose names I do not know;
they are not me forever,
the ones who no longer live
in the cities in which
you are not,
the cities in which I looked for you.
The rain stops, the moon
in her breaths appears overhead.
the only sound now is a far flapping.
Over the National Bank, the flag of some republic or other
gallops like water on fire to tear itself away.
If I feel the night
move to disclosures or crescendos,
it's only because I'm famished
for meaning; the night
merely dissolves.
And your otherness is perfect as my death.
Your otherness exhausts me,
like looking suddenly up from here
to impossible stars fading.
Everything is punished by your absence.
Is prayer, then, the proper attitude
for the mind that longs to be freely blown,
but which gets snagged on the barb
called world, that
tooth-ache, the actual? What prayer
would I build? And to whom?
Where are you
in the cities in which I love you,
the cities daily risen to work and to money,
to the magnificent miles and the gold coasts?
Morning comes to this city vacant of you.
Pages and windows flare, and you are not there.
Someone sweeps his portion of sidewalk,
wakens the drunk, slumped like laundry,
and you are gone.
You are not in the wind
which someone notes in the margins of a book.
You are gone out of the small fires in abandoned lots
where human figures huddle,
each aspiring to its own ghost.
Between brick walls, in a space no wider than my face,
a leafless sapling stands in mud.
In its branches, a nest of raw mouths
gaping and cheeping, scrawny fires that must eat.
My hunger for you is no less than theirs.
At the gates of the city in which I love you,
the sea hauls the sun on its back,
strikes the land, which rebukes it.
what ardor in its sliding heft,
a flameless friction on the rocks.
Like the sea, I am recommended by my orphaning.
Noisy with telegrams not received,
quarrelsome with aliases,
intricate with misguided journeys,
by my expulsions have I come to love you.
Straight from my father's wrath,
and long from my mother's womb,
late in this century and on a Wednesday morning,
bearing the mark of one who's experienced
neither heaven nor hell,
my birthplace vanished, my citizenship earned,
in league with stones of the earth, I
enter, without retreat or help from history,
the days of no day, my earth
of no earth, I re-enter
the city in which I love you.
And I never believed that the multitude
of dreams and many words were vain.God sits up in Heaven and laughs as the nations imagine a vain thing,
For the internationalism of Jerusalem, is the song they seem to sing.
And it is far from an original song that all the nations are singing,
For God made Jerusalem the center of this world before their being.
For God Himself purged the land of Canaan to be the land of the Jew,
And He told Moses to prepare to worship at a place I will show you.
But Moses never crossed the Jordan and was buried by God's own Hand,
And Joshua took over to lead the Israelites into The Promised Land.
And from the time of Moses through the Judges wherever the Jews went,
The Ark of God's Covenant and the Glory of God remained under a tent.
It was not until God gave Israel rest under King David their leader,
That in the City God chose, he desired to make God a house of cedar.
The City that God chose was Jerusalem, on which He placed His Name,
For it is The City of David, and on it God's Name will always remain.
God remembered His Promise to David, and his desire was not ignored,
For God had told David's son Solomon to build a temple for The Lord.
Then God consecrated this temple by putting His Name on it forever,
And this promise to Solomon by God, He can not and He will not sever.
So even though things look quite gloomy in Jerusalem today my friend,
Zechariah says The Lord will inherit Judah to choose Jerusalem again.
(Copyright © 06/2002)Per me si va nella citta dolente.
--Dante
Poi di tanto adoprar, di tanti moti
D'ogni celeste, ogni terrena cosa,
Girando senza posa,
Per tornar sempre la donde son mosse;
Uso alcuno, alcun frutto
Indovinar non so.
Sola nel mondo eterna, a cui si volve
Ogni creata cosa,
In te, morte, si posa
Nostra ignuda natura;
Lieta no, ma sicura
Dell' antico dolor . . .
Pero ch' esser beato
Nega ai mortali e nega a' morti il fato.
--Leopardi
PROEM
Lo, thus, as prostrate, "In the dust I write
My heart's deep languor and my soul's sad tears."
Yet why evoke the spectres of black night
To blot the sunshine of exultant years?
Why disinter dead faith from mouldering hidden?
Why break the seals of mute despair unbidden,
And wail life's discords into careless ears?
Because a cold rage seizes one at whiles
To show the bitter old and wrinkled truth
Stripped naked of all vesture that beguiles,
False dreams, false hopes, false masks and modes of youth;
Because it gives some sense of power and passion
In helpless innocence to try to fashion
Our woe in living words howe'er uncouth.
Surely I write not for the hopeful young,
Or those who deem their happiness of worth,
Or such as pasture and grow fat among
The shows of life and feel nor doubt nor dearth,
Or pious spirits with a God above them
To sanctify and glorify and love them,
Or sages who foresee a heaven on earth.
For none of these I write, and none of these
Could read the writing if they deigned to try;
So may they flourish in their due degrees,
On our sweet earth and in their unplaced sky.
If any cares for the weak words here written,
It must be some one desolate, Fate-smitten,
Whose faith and hopes are dead, and who would die.
Yes, here and there some weary wanderer
In that same city of tremendous night,
Will understand the speech and feel a stir
Of fellowship in all-disastrous fight;
"I suffer mute and lonely, yet another
Uplifts his voice to let me know a brother
Travels the same wild paths though out of sight."
O sad Fraternity, do I unfold
Your dolorous mysteries shrouded from of yore?
Nay, be assured; no secret can be told
To any who divined it not before:
None uninitiate by many a presage
Will comprehend the language of the message,
Although proclaimed aloud for evermore.
I
The City is of Night; perchance of Death
But certainly of Night; for never there
Can come the lucid morning's fragrant breath
After the dewy dawning's cold grey air:
The moon and stars may shine with scorn or pity
The sun has never visited that city,
For it dissolveth in the daylight fair.
Dissolveth like a dream of night away;
Though present in distempered gloom of thought
And deadly weariness of heart all day.
But when a dream night after night is brought
Throughout a week, and such weeks few or many
Recur each year for several years, can any
Discern that dream from real life in aught?
For life is but a dream whose shapes return,
Some frequently, some seldom, some by night
And some by day, some night and day: we learn,
The while all change and many vanish quite,
In their recurrence with recurrent changes
A certain seeming order; where this ranges
We count things real; such is memory's might.
A river girds the city west and south,
The main north channel of a broad lagoon,
Regurging with the salt tides from the mouth;
Waste marshes shine and glister to the moon
For leagues, then moorland black, then stony ridges;
Great piers and causeways, many noble bridges,
Connect the town and islet suburbs strewn.
Upon an easy slope it lies at large
And scarcely overlaps the long curved crest
Which swells out two leagues from the river marge.
A trackless wilderness rolls north and west,
Savannahs, savage woods, enormous mountains,
Bleak uplands, black ravines with torrent fountains;
And eastward rolls the shipless sea's unrest.
The city is not ruinous, although
Great ruins of an unremembered past,
With others of a few short years ago
More sad, are found within its precincts vast.
The street-lamps always burn; but scarce a casement
In house or palace front from roof to basement
Doth glow or gleam athwart the mirk air cast.
The street-lamps burn amid the baleful glooms,
Amidst the soundless solitudes immense
Of ranged mansions dark and still as tombs.
The silence which benumbs or strains the sense
Fulfils with awe the soul's despair unweeping:
Myriads of habitants are ever sleeping,
Or dead, or fled from nameless pestilence!
Yet as in some necropolis you find
Perchance one mourner to a thousand dead,
So there: worn faces that look deaf and blind
Like tragic masks of stone. With weary tread,
Each wrapt in his own doom, they wander, wander,
Or sit foredone and desolately ponder
Through sleepless hours with heavy drooping head.
Mature men chiefly, few in age or youth,
A woman rarely, now and then a child:
A child! If here the heart turns sick with ruth
To see a little one from birth defiled,
Or lame or blind, as preordained to languish
Through youthless life, think how it bleeds with anguish
To meet one erring in that homeless wild.
They often murmur to themselves, they speak
To one another seldom, for their woe
Broods maddening inwardly and scorns to wreak
Itself abroad; and if at whiles it grow
To frenzy which must rave, none heeds the clamour,
Unless there waits some victim of like glamour,
To rave in turn, who lends attentive show.
The City is of Night, but not of Sleep;
There sweet sleep is not for the weary brain;
The pitiless hours like years and ages creep,
A night seems termless hell. This dreadful strain
Of thought and consciousness which never ceases,
Or which some moments' stupor but increases,
This, worse than woe, makes wretches there insane.
They leave all hope behind who enter there:
One certitude while sane they cannot leave,
One anodyne for torture and despair;
The certitude of Death, which no reprieve
Can put off long; and which, divinely tender,
But waits the outstretched hand to promptly render
That draught whose slumber nothing can bereave
II
Because he seemed to walk with an intent
I followed him; who, shadowlike and frail,
Unswervingly though slowly onward went,
Regardless, wrapt in thought as in a veil:
Thus step for step with lonely sounding feet
We travelled many a long dim silent street.
At length he paused: a black mass in the gloom,
A tower that merged into the heavy sky;
Around, the huddled stones of grave and tomb:
Some old God's-acre now corruption's sty:
He murmured to himself with dull despair,
Here Faith died, poisoned by this charnel air.
Then turning to the right went on once more
And travelled weary roads without suspense;
And reached at last a low wall's open door,
Whose villa gleamed beyond the foliage dense:
He gazed, and muttered with a hard despair,
Here Love died, stabbed by its own worshipped pair.
Then turning to the right resumed his march,
And travelled street and lanes with wondrous strength,
Until on stooping through a narrow arch
We stood before a squalid house at length:
He gazed, and whispered with a cold despair,
Here Hope died, starved out in its utmost lair.
When he had spoken thus, before he stirred,
I spoke, perplexed by something in the signs
Of desolation I had seen and heard
In this drear pilgrimage to ruined shrines:
Where Faith and Love and Hope are dead indeed,
Can Life still live? By what doth it proceed?
As whom his one intense thought overpowers,
He answered coldly, Take a watch, erase
The signs and figures of the circling hours,
Detach the hands, remove the dial-face;
The works proceed until run down; although
Bereft of purpose, void of use, still go.
Then turning to the right paced on again,
And traversed squares and travelled streets whose glooms
Seemed more and more familiar to my ken;
And reached that sullen temple of the tombs;
And paused to murmur with the old despair,
Here Faith died, poisoned by this charnel air.
I ceased to follow, for the knot of doubt
Was severed sharply with a cruel knife:
He circled thus forever tracing out
The series of the fraction left of Life;
Perpetual recurrence in the scope
Of but three terms, dead Faith, dead Love, dead Hope. [ 1]
LXX
[1] Life divided by that persistent three = --- = .210.
333
III
Although lamps burn along the silent streets,
Even when moonlight silvers empty squares
The dark holds countless lanes and close retreats;
But when the night its sphereless mantle wears
The open spaces yawn with gloom abysmal,
The sombre mansions loom immense and dismal,
The lanes are black as subterranean lairs.
And soon the eye a strange new vision learns:
The night remains for it as dark and dense,
Yet clearly in this darkness it discerns
As in the daylight with its natural sense;
Perceives a shade in shadow not obscurely,
Pursues a stir of black in blackness surely,
Sees spectres also in the gloom intense.
The ear, too, with the silence vast and deep
Becomes familiar though unreconciled;
Hears breathings as of hidden life asleep,
And muffled throbs as of pent passions wild,
Far murmurs, speech of pity or derision;
but all more dubious than the things of vision,
So that it knows not when it is beguiled.
No time abates the first despair and awe,
But wonder ceases soon; the weirdest thing
Is felt least strange beneath the lawless law
Where Death-in-Life is the eternal king;
Crushed impotent beneath this reign of terror,
Dazed with mysteries of woe and error,
The soul is too outworn for wondering.
IV
He stood alone within the spacious square
Declaiming from the central grassy mound,
With head uncovered and with streaming hair,
As if large multitudes were gathered round:
A stalwart shape, the gestures full of might,
The glances burning with unnatural light:--
As I came through the desert thus it was,
As I came through the desert: All was black,
In heaven no single star, on earth no track;
A brooding hush without a stir or note,
The air so thick it clotted in my throat;
And thus for hours; then some enormous things
Swooped past with savage cries and clanking wings:
But I strode on austere;
No hope could have no fear.
As I came through the desert thus it was,
As I came through the desert: Eyes of fire
Glared at me throbbing with a starved desire;
The hoarse and heavy and carnivorous breath
Was hot upon me from deep jaws of death;
Sharp claws, swift talons, fleshless fingers cold
Plucked at me from the bushes, tried to hold:
But I strode on austere;
No hope could have no fear.
As I came through the desert thus it was,
As I came through the desert: Lo you, there,
That hillock burning with a brazen glare;
Those myriad dusky flames with points a-glow
Which writhed and hissed and darted to and fro;
A Sabbath of the Serpents, heaped pell-mell
For Devil's roll-call and some fete of Hell:
Yet I strode on austere;
No hope could have no fear.
As I came through the desert thus it was,
As I came through the desert: Meteors ran
And crossed their javelins on the black sky-span;
The zenith opened to a gulf of flame,
The dreadful thunderbolts jarred earth's fixed frame;
The ground all heaved in waves of fire that surged
And weltered round me sole there unsubmerged:
Yet I strode on austere;
No hope could have no fear.
As I came through the desert thus it was,
As I came through the desert: Air once more,
And I was close upon a wild sea-shore;
Enormous cliffs arose on either hand,
The deep tide thundered up a league-broad strand;
White foambelts seethed there, wan spray swept and flew;
The sky broke, moon and stars and clouds and blue:
Yet I strode on austere;
No hope could have no fear.
As I came through the desert thus it was,
As I came through the desert: On the left
The sun arose and crowned a broad crag-cleft;
There stopped and burned out black, except a rim,
A bleeding eyeless socket, red and dim;
Whereon the moon fell suddenly south-west,
And stood above the right-hand cliffs at rest:
Yet I strode on austere;
No hope could have no fear.
As I came through the desert thus it was,
As I came through the desert: From the right
A shape came slowly with a ruddy light;
A woman with a red lamp in her hand,
Bareheaded and barefooted on that strand;
O desolation moving with such grace!
O anguish with such beauty in thy face!
I fell as on my bier,
Hope travailed with such fear.
As I came through the desert thus it was,
As I came through the desert: I was twain,
Two selves distinct that cannot join again;
One stood apart and knew but could not stir,
And watched the other stark in swoon and her;
And she came on, and never turned aside,
Between such sun and moon and roaring tide:
And as she came more near
My soul grew mad with fear.
As I came through the desert thus it was,
As I came through the desert: Hell is mild
And piteous matched with that accursed wild;
A large black sign was on her breast that bowed,
A broad black band ran down her snow-white shroud;
That lamp she held was her own burning heart,
Whose blood-drops trickled step by step apart:
The mystery was clear;
Mad rage had swallowed fear.
As I came through the desert thus it was,
As I came through the desert: By the sea
She knelt and bent above that senseless me;
Those lamp-drops fell upon my white brow there,
She tried to cleanse them with her tears and hair;
She murmured words of pity, love, and woe,
Shee heeded not the level rushing flow:
And mad with rage and fear,
I stood stonebound so near.
As I came through the desert thus it was,
As I came through the desert: When the tide
Swept up to her there kneeling by my side,
She clasped that corpse-like me, and they were borne
Away, and this vile me was left forlorn;
I know the whole sea cannot quench that heart,
Or cleanse that brow, or wash those two apart:
They love; their doom is drear,
Yet they nor hope nor fear;
But I, what do I here?
V
How he arrives there none can clearly know;
Athwart the mountains and immense wild tracts,
Or flung a waif upon that vast sea-flow,
Or down the river's boiling cataracts:
To reach it is as dying fever-stricken
To leave it, slow faint birth intense pangs quicken;
And memory swoons in both the tragic acts.
But being there one feels a citizen;
Escape seems hopeless to the heart forlorn:
Can Death-in-Life be brought to life again?
And yet release does come; there comes a morn
When he awakes from slumbering so sweetly
That all the world is changed for him completely,
And he is verily as if new-born.
He scarcely can believe the blissful change,
He weeps perchance who wept not while accurst;
Never again will he approach the range
Infected by that evil spell now burst:
Poor wretch! who once hath paced that dolent city
Shall pace it often, doomed beyond all pity,
With horror ever deepening from the first.
Though he possess sweet babes and loving wife,
A home of peace by loyal friendships cheered,
And love them more than death or happy life,
They shall avail not; he must dree his weird;
Renounce all blessings for that imprecation,
Steal forth and haunt that builded desolation,
Of woe and terrors and thick darkness reared.
VI
I sat forlornly by the river-side,
And watched the bridge-lamps glow like golden stars
Above the blackness of the swelling tide,
Down which they struck rough gold in ruddier bars;
And heard the heave and plashing of the flow
Against the wall a dozen feet below.
Large elm-trees stood along that river-walk;
And under one, a few steps from my seat,
I heard strange voices join in stranger talk,
Although I had not heard approaching feet:
These bodiless voices in my waking dream
Flowed dark words blending with sombre stream:--
And you have after all come back; come back.
I was about to follow on your track.
And you have failed: our spark of hope is black.
That I have failed is proved by my return:
The spark is quenched, nor ever more will burn,
But listen; and the story you shall learn.
I reached the portal common spirits fear,
And read the words above it, dark yet clear,
"Leave hope behind, all ye who enter here:"
And would have passed in, gratified to gain
That positive eternity of pain
Instead of this insufferable inane.
A demon warder clutched me, Not so fast;
First leave your hopes behind!--But years have passed
Since I left all behind me, to the last:
You cannot count for hope, with all your wit,
This bleak despair that drives me to the Pit:
How could I seek to enter void of it?
He snarled, What thing is this which apes a soul,
And would find entrance to our gulf of dole
Without the payment of the settled toll?
Outside the gate he showed an open chest:
Here pay their entrance fees the souls unblest;
Cast in some hope, you enter with the rest.
This is Pandora's box; whose lid shall shut,
And Hell-gate too, when hopes have filled it; but
They are so thin that it will never glut.
I stood a few steps backwards, desolate;
And watched the spirits pass me to their fate,
And fling off hope, and enter at the gate.
When one casts off a load he springs upright,
Squares back his shoulders, breathes will all his might,
And briskly paces forward strong and light:
But these, as if they took some burden, bowed;
The whole frame sank; however strong and proud
Before, they crept in quite infirm and cowed.
And as they passed me, earnestly from each
A morsel of his hope I did beseech,
To pay my entrance; but all mocked my speech.
No one would cede a little of his store,
Though knowing that in instants three or four
He must resign the whole for evermore.
So I returned. Our destiny is fell;
For in this Limbo we must ever dwell,
Shut out alike from heaven and Earth and Hell.
The other sighed back, Yea; but if we grope
With care through all this Limbo's dreary scope,
We yet may pick up some minute lost hope;
And sharing it between us, entrance win,
In spite of fiends so jealous for gross sin:
Let us without delay our search begin.
VII
Some say that phantoms haunt those shadowy streets,
And mingle freely there with sparse mankind;
And tell of ancient woes and black defeats,
And murmur mysteries in the grave enshrined:
But others think them visions of illusion,
Or even men gone far in self-confusion;
No man there being wholly sane in mind.
And yet a man who raves, however mad,
Who bares his heart and tells of his own fall,
Reserves some inmost secret good or bad:
The phantoms have no reticence at all:
The nudity of flesh will blush though tameless
The extreme nudity of bone grins shameless,
The unsexed skeleton mocks shroud and pall.
I have seen phantoms there that were as men
And men that were as phantoms flit and roam;
Marked shapes that were not living to my ken,
Caught breathings acrid as with Dead Sea foam:
The City rests for man so weird and awful,
That his intrusion there might seem unlawful,
And phantoms there may have their proper home.
VIII
While I still lingered on that river-walk,
And watched the tide as black as our black doom,
I heard another couple join in talk,
And saw them to the left hand in the gloom
Seated against an elm bole on the ground,
Their eyes intent upon the stream profound.
"I never knew another man on earth
But had some joy and solace in his life,
Some chance of triumph in the dreadful strife:
My doom has been unmitigated dearth."
"We gaze upon the river, and we note
The various vessels large and small that float,
Ignoring every wrecked and sunken boat."
"And yet I asked no splendid dower, no spoil
Of sway or fame or rank or even wealth;
But homely love with common food and health,
And nightly sleep to balance daily toil."
"This all-too-humble soul would arrogate
Unto itself some signalising hate
From the supreme indifference of Fate!"
"Who is most wretched in this dolorous place?
I think myself; yet I would rather be
My miserable self than He, than He
Who formed such creatures to His own disgrace.
"The vilest thing must be less vile than Thou
From whom it had its being, God and Lord!
Creator of all woe and sin! abhorred
Malignant and implacable! I vow
"That not for all Thy power furled and unfurled,
For all the temples to Thy glory built,
Would I assume the ignominious guilt
Of having made such men in such a world."
"As if a Being, God or Fiend, could reign,
At once so wicked, foolish and insane,
As to produce men when He might refrain!
"The world rolls round for ever like a mill;
It grinds out death and life and good and ill;
It has no purpose, heart or mind or will.
"While air of Space and Time's full river flow
The mill must blindly whirl unresting so:
It may be wearing out, but who can know?
"Man might know one thing were his sight less dim;
That it whirls not to suit his petty whim,
That it is quite indifferent to him.
"Nay, does it treat him harshly as he saith?
It grinds him some slow years of bitter breath,
Then grinds him back into eternal death."
IX
It is full strange to him who hears and feels,
When wandering there in some deserted street,
The booming and the jar of ponderous wheels,
The trampling clash of heavy ironshod feet:
Who in this Venice of the Black Sea rideth?
Who in this city of the stars abideth
To buy or sell as those in daylight sweet?
The rolling thunder seems to fill the sky
As it comes on; the horses snort and strain,
The harness jingles, as it passes by;
The hugeness of an overburthened wain:
A man sits nodding on the shaft or trudges
Three parts asleep beside his fellow-drudges:
And so it rolls into the night again.
What merchandise? whence, whither, and for whom?
Perchance it is a Fate-appointed hearse,
Bearing away to some mysterious tomb
Or Limbo of the scornful universe
The joy, the peace, the life-hope, the abortions
Of all things good which should have been our portions,
But have been strangled by that City's curse.
X
The mansion stood apart in its own ground;
In front thereof a fragrant garden-lawn,
High trees about it, and the whole walled round:
The massy iron gates were both withdrawn;
And every window of its front shed light,
Portentous in that City of the Night.
But though thus lighted it was deadly still
As all the countless bulks of solid gloom;
Perchance a congregation to fulfil
Solemnities of silence in this doom,
Mysterious rites of dolour and despair
Permitting not a breath or chant of prayer?
Broad steps ascended to a terrace broad
Whereon lay still light from the open door;
The hall was noble, and its aspect awed,
Hung round with heavy black from dome to floor;
And ample stairways rose to left and right
Whose balustrades were also draped with night.
I paced from room to room, from hall to hall,
Nor any life throughout the maze discerned;
But each was hung with its funereal pall,
And held a shrine, around which tapers burned,
With picture or with statue or with bust,
all copied from the same fair form of dust:
A woman very young and very fair;
Beloved by bounteous life and joy and youth,
And loving these sweet lovers, so that care
And age and death seemed not for her in sooth:
Alike as stars, all beautiful and bright,
these shapes lit up that mausolean night.
At length I heard a murmur as of lips,
And reached an open oratory hung
With heaviest blackness of the whole eclipse;
Beneath the dome a fuming censer swung;
And one lay there upon a low white bed,
With tapers burning at the foot and head:
The Lady of the images, supine,
Deathstill, lifesweet, with folded palms she lay:
And kneeling there as at a sacred shrine
A young man wan and worn who seemed to pray:
A crucifix of dim and ghostly white
Surmounted the large altar left in night:--
The chambers of the mansion of my heart,
In every one whereof thine image dwells,
Are black with grief eternal for thy sake.
The inmost oratory of my soul,
Wherein thou ever dwellest quick or dead,
Is black with grief eternal for thy sake.
I kneel beside thee and I clasp the cross,
With eyes forever fixed upon that face,
So beautiful and dreadful in its calm.
I kneel here patient as thou liest there;
As patient as a statue carved in stone,
Of adoration and eternal grief.
While thou dost not awake I cannot move;
And something tells me thou wilt never wake,
And I alive feel turning into stone.
Most beautiful were Death to end my grief,
Most hateful to destroy the sight of thee,
Dear vision better than all death or life.
But I renounce all choice of life or death,
For either shall be ever at thy side,
And thus in bliss or woe be ever well.--
He murmured thus and thus in monotone,
Intent upon that uncorrupted face,
Entranced except his moving lips alone:
I glided with hushed footsteps from the place.
This was the festival that filled with light
That palace in the City of the Night.
XI
What men are they who haunt these fatal glooms,
And fill their living mouths with dust of death,
And make their habitations in the tombs,
And breathe eternal sighs with mortal breath,
And pierce life's pleasant veil of various error
To reach that void of darkness and old terror
Wherein expire the lamps of hope and faith?
They have much wisdom yet they are not wise,
They have much goodness yet they do not well,
(The fools we know have their own paradise,
The wicked also have their proper Hell);
They have much strength but still their doom is stronger,
Much patience but their time endureth longer,
Much valour but life mocks it with some spell.
They are most rational and yet insane:
And outward madness not to be controlled;
A perfect reason in the central brain,
Which has no power, but sitteth wan and cold,
And sees the madness, and foresees as plainly
The ruin in its path, and trieth vainly
To cheat itself refusing to behold.
And some are great in rank and wealth and power,
And some renowned for genius and for worth;
And some are poor and mean, who brood and cower
And shrink from notice, and accept all dearth
Of body, heart and soul, and leave to others
All boons of life: yet these and those are brothers,
The saddest and the weariest men on earth.
XII
Our isolated units could be brought
To act together for some common end?
For one by one, each silent with his thought,
I marked a long loose line approach and wend
Athwart the great cathedral's cloistered square,
And slowly vanish from the moonlit air.
Then I would follow in among the last:
And in the porch a shrouded figure stood,
Who challenged each one pausing ere he passed,
With deep eyes burning through a blank white hood:
Whence come you in the world of life and light
To this our City of Tremendous Night?--
From pleading in a senate of rich lords
For some scant justice to our countless hordes
Who toil half-starved with scarce a human right:
I wake from daydreams to this real night.
From wandering through many a solemn scene
Of opium visions, with a heart serene
And intellect miraculously bright:
I wake from daydreams to this real night.
From making hundreds laugh and roar with glee
By my transcendent feats of mimicry,
And humour wanton as an elvish sprite:
I wake from daydreams to this real night.
From prayer and fasting in a lonely cell,
Which brought an ecstasy ineffable
Of love and adoration and delight:
I wake from daydreams to this real night.
From ruling on a splendid kingly throne
A nation which beneath my rule has grown
Year after year in wealth and arts and might:
I wake from daydreams to this real night.
From preaching to an audience fired with faith
The Lamb who died to save our souls from death,
Whose blood hath washed our scarlet sins wool-white:
I wake from daydreams to this real night.
From drinking fiery poison in a den
Crowded with tawdry girls and squalid men,
Who hoarsely laugh and curse and brawl and fight:
I wake from daydreams to this real night.
From picturing with all beauty and all grace
First Eden and the parents of our race,
A luminous rapture unto all men's sight:
I wake from daydreams to this real night.
From writing a great work with patient plan
To justify the ways of God to man,
And show how ill must fade and perish quite:
I wake from daydreams to this real night.
From desperate fighting with a little band
Against the powerful tyrants of our land,
To free our brethren in their own despite:
I wake from daydreams to this real night.
Thus, challenged by that warder sad and stern,
Each one responded with his countersign,
Then entered the cathedral; and in turn
I entered also, having given mine;
But lingered near until I heard no more,
And marked the closing of the massive door.
XIII
Of all things human which are strange and wild
This is perchance the wildest and most strange,
And showeth man most utterly beguiled,
To those who haunt that sunless City's range;
That he bemoans himself for aye, repeating
How Time is deadly swift, how life is fleeting,
How naught is constant on the earth but change.
The hours are heavy on him and the days;
The burden of the months he scarce can bear;
And often in his secret soul he prays
To sleep through barren periods unaware,
Arousing at some longed-for date of pleasure;
Which having passed and yielded him small treasure,
He would outsleep another term of care.
Yet in his marvellous fancy he must make
Quick wings for Time, and see it fly from us;
This Time which crawleth like a monstrous snake,
Wounded and slow and very venomous;
Which creeps blindwormlike round the earth and ocean,
Distilling poison at each painful motion,
And seems condemned to circle ever thus.
And since he cannot spend and use aright
The little time here given him in trust,
But wasteth it in weary undelight
Of foolish toil and trouble, strife and lust,
He naturally claimeth to inherit
The everlasting Future, that his merit
May have full scope; as surely is most just.
O length of the intolerable hours,
O nights that are as aeons of slow pain,
O Time, too ample for our vital powers,
O Life, whose woeful vanities remain
Immutable for all of all our legions
Through all the centuries and in all the regions,
Not of your speed and variance WE complain.
WE do not ask a longer term of strife,
Weakness and weariness and nameless woes;
We do not claim renewed and endless life
When this which is our torment here shall close,
An everlasting conscious inanition!
We yearn for speedy death in full fruition,
Dateless oblivion and divine repose.
XIV
Large glooms were gathered in the mighty fane,
With tinted moongleams slanting here and there;
And all was hush: no swelling organ-strain,
No chant, no voice or murmuring of prayer;
No priests came forth, no tinkling censers fumed,
And the high altar space was unillumed.
Around the pillars and against the walls
Leaned men and shadows; others seemed to brood
Bent or recumbent in secluded stalls.
Perchance they were not a great multitude
Save in that city of so lonely streets
Where one may count up every face he meets.
All patiently awaited the event
Without a stir or sound, as if no less
Self-occupied, doomstricken while attent.
And then we heard a voice of solemn stress
From the dark pulpit, and our gaze there met
Two eyes which burned as never eyes burned yet:
Two steadfast and intolerable eyes
Burning beneath a broad and rugged brow;
The head behind it of enormous size.
And as black fir-groves in a large wind bow,
Our rooted congregation, gloom-arrayed,
By that great sad voice deep and full were swayed:--
O melancholy Brothers, dark, dark, dark!
O battling in black floods without an ark!
O spectral wanderers of unholy Night!
My soul hath bled for you these sunless years,
With bitter blood-drops running down like tears:
Oh dark, dark, dark, withdrawn from joy and light!
My heart is sick with anguish for your bale;
Your woe hath been my anguish; yea, I quail
And perish in your perishing unblest.
And I have searched the highths and depths, the scope
Of all our universe, with desperate hope
To find some solace for your wild unrest.
And now at last authentic word I bring,
Witnessed by every dead and living thing;
Good tidings of great joy for you, for all:
There is no God; no Fiend with names divine
Made us and tortures us; if we must pine,
It is to satiate no Being's gall.
It was the dark delusion of a dream,
That living Person conscious and supreme,
Whom we must curse for cursing us with life;
Whom we must curse because the life he gave
Could not be buried in the quiet grave,
Could not be killed by poison or the knife.
This little life is all we must endure,
The grave's most holy peace is ever sure,
We fall asleep and never wake again;
Nothing is of us but the mouldering flesh,
Whose elements dissolve and merge afresh
In earth, air, water, plants, and other men.
We finish thus; and all our wretched race
Shall finish with its cycle, and give place
To other beings with their own time-doom:
Infinite aeons ere our kind began;
Infinite aeons after the last man
Has joined the mammoth in earth's tomb and womb.
We bow down to the universal laws,
Which never had for man a special clause
Of cruelty or kindness, love or hate:
If toads and vultures are obscene to sight,
If tigers burn with beauty and with might,
Is it by favour or by wrath of Fate?
All substance lives and struggles evermore
Through countless shapes continually at war,
By countless interactions interknit:
If one is born a certain day on earth,
All times and forces tended to that birth,
Not all the world could change or hinder it.
I find no hint throughout the Universe
Of good or ill, of blessing or of curse;
I find alone Necessity Supreme;
With infinite Mystery, abysmal, dark,
Unlighted ever by the faintest spark
For us the flitting shadows of a dream.
O Brothers of sad lives! they are so brief;
A few short years must bring us all relief:
Can we not bear these years of laboring breath?
But if you would not this poor life fulfil,
Lo, you are free to end it when you will,
Without the fear of waking after death.--
The organ-like vibrations of his voice
Thrilled through the vaulted aisles and died away;
The yearning of the tones which bade rejoice
Was sad and tender as a requiem lay:
Our shadowy congregation rested still
As brooding on that "End it when you will."
XV
Wherever men are gathered, all the air
Is charged with human feeling, human thought;
Each shout and cry and laugh, each curse and prayer,
Are into its vibrations surely wrought;
Unspoken passion, wordless meditation,
Are breathed into it with our respiration
It is with our life fraught and overfraught.
So that no man there breathes earth's simple breath,
As if alone on mountains or wide seas;
But nourishes warm life or hastens death
With joys and sorrows, health and foul disease,
Wisdom and folly, good and evil labours,
Incessant of his multitudinous neighbors;
He in his turn affecting all of these.
That City's atmosphere is dark and dense,
Although not many exiles wander there,
With many a potent evil influence,
Each adding poison to the poisoned air;
Infections of unutterable sadness,
Infections of incalculable madness,
Infections of incurable despair.
XVI
Our shadowy congregation rested still,
As musing on that message we had heard
And brooding on that "End it when you will;"
Perchance awaiting yet some other word;
When keen as lightning through a muffled sky
Sprang forth a shrill and lamentable cry:--
The man speaks sooth, alas! the man speaks sooth:
We have no personal life beyond the grave;
There is no God; Fate knows nor wrath nor ruth:
Can I find here the comfort which I crave?
In all eternity I had one chance,
One few years' term of gracious human life:
The splendours of the intellect's advance,
The sweetness of the home with babes and wife;
The social pleasures with their genial wit:
The fascination of the worlds of art,
The glories of the worlds of nature, lit
By large imagination's glowing heart;
The rapture of mere being, full of health;
The careless childhood and the ardent youth,
The strenuous manhood winning various wealth,
The reverend age serene with life's long truth:
All the sublime prerogatives of Man;
The storied memories of the times of old,
The patient tracking of the world's great plan
Through sequences and changes myriadfold.
This chance was never offered me before;
For me this infinite Past is blank and dumb:
This chance recurreth never, nevermore;
Blank, blank for me the infinite To-come.
And this sole chance was frustrate from my birth,
A mockery, a delusion; and my breath
Of noble human life upon this earth
So racks me that I sigh for senseless death.
My wine of life is poison mixed with gall,
My noonday passes in a nightmare dream,
I worse than lose the years which are my all:
What can console me for the loss supreme?
Speak not of comfort where no comfort is,
Speak not at all: can words make foul things fair?
Our life's a cheat, our death a black abyss:
Hush and be mute envisaging despair.--
This vehement voice came from the northern aisle
Rapid and shrill to its abrupt harsh close;
And none gave answer for a certain while,
For words must shrink from these most wordless woes;
At last the pulpit speaker simply said,
With humid eyes and thoughtful drooping head:--
My Brother, my poor Brothers, it is thus;
This life itself holds nothing good for us,
But ends soon and nevermore can be;
And we knew nothing of it ere our birth,
And shall know nothing when consigned to earth:
I ponder these thoughts and they comfort me.
XVII
How the moon triumphs through the endless nights!
How the stars throb and glitter as they wheel
Their thick processions of supernal lights
Around the blue vault obdurate as steel!
And men regard with passionate awe and yearning
The mighty marching and the golden burning,
And think the heavens respond to what they feel.
Boats gliding like dark shadows of a dream
Are glorified from vision as they pass
The quivering moonbridge on the deep black stream;
Cold windows kindle their dead glooms of glass
To restless crystals; cornice dome and column
Emerge from chaos in the splendour solemn;
Like faery lakes gleam lawns of dewy grass.
With such a living light these dead eyes shine,
These eyes of sightless heaven, that as we gaze
We read a pity, tremulous, divine,
Or cold majestic scorn in their pure rays:
Fond man! they are not haughty, are not tender;
There is no heart or mind in all their splendour,
They thread mere puppets all their marvellous maze.
If we could near them with the flight unflown,
We should but find them worlds as sad as this,
Or suns all self-consuming like our own
Enringed by planet worlds as much amiss:
They wax and wane through fusion and confusion;
The spheres eternal are a grand illusion,
The empyrean is a void abyss.
XVIII
I wandered in a suburb of the north,
And reached a spot whence three close lanes led down,
Beneath thick trees and hedgerows winding forth
Like deep brook channels, deep and dark and lown:
The air above was wan with misty light,
The dull grey south showed one vague blur of white.
I took the left-hand path and slowly trod
Its earthen footpath, brushing as I went
The humid leafage; and my feet were shod
With heavy languor, and my frame downbent,
With infinite sleepless weariness outworn,
So many nights I thus had paced forlorn.
After a hundred steps I grew aware
Of something crawling in the lane below;
It seemed a wounded creature prostrate there
That sobbed with pangs in making progress slow,
The hind limbs stretched to push, the fore limbs then
To drag; for it would die in its own den.
But coming level with it I discerned
That it had been a man; for at my tread
It stopped in its sore travail and half-turned,
Leaning upon its right, and raised its head,
And with the left hand twitched back as in ire
Long grey unreverend locks befouled with mire.
A haggard filthy face with bloodshot eyes,
An infamy for manhood to behold.
He gasped all trembling, What, you want my prize?
You leave, to rob me, wine and lust and gold
And all that men go mad upon, since you
Have traced my sacred secret of the clue?
You think that I am weak and must submit
Yet I but scratch you with this poisoned blade,
And you are dead as if I clove with it
That false fierce greedy heart. Betrayed! betrayed!
I fling this phial if you seek to pass,
And you are forthwith shrivelled up like grass.
And then with sudden change, Take thought! take thought!
Have pity on me! it is mine alone.
If you could find, it would avail you naught;
Seek elsewhere on the pathway of your own:
For who of mortal or immortal race
The lifetrack of another can retrace?
Did you but know my agony and toil!
Two lanes diverge up yonder from this lane;
My thin blood marks the long length of their soil;
Such clue I left, who sought my clue in vain:
My hands and knees are worn both flesh and bone;
I cannot move but with continual moan.
But I am in the very way at last
To find the long-lost broken golden thread
Which unites my present with my past,
If you but go your own way. And I said,
I will retire as soon as you have told
Whereunto leadeth this lost thread of gold.
And so you know it not! he hissed with scorn;
I feared you, imbecile! It leads me back
From this accursed night without a morn,
And through the deserts which have else no track,
And through vast wastes of horror-haunted time,
To Eden innocence in Eden's clime:
And I become a nursling soft and pure,
An infant cradled on its mother's knee,
Without a past, love-cherished and secure;
Which if it saw this loathsome present Me,
Would plunge its face into the pillowing breast,
And scream abhorrence hard to lull to rest.
He turned to grope; and I retiring brushed
Thin shreds of gossamer from off my face,
And mused, His life would grow, the germ uncrushed;
He should to antenatal night retrace,
And hide his elements in that large womb
Beyond the reach of man-evolving Doom.
And even thus, what weary way were planned,
To seek oblivion through the far-off gate
Of birth, when that of death is close at hand!
For this is law, if law there be in Fate:
What never has been, yet may have its when;
The thing which has been, never is again.
XIX
The mighty river flowing dark and deep,
With ebb and flood from the remote sea-tides
Vague-sounding through the City's sleepless sleep,
Is named the River of the Suicides;
For night by night some lorn wretch overweary,
And shuddering from the future yet more dreary,
Within its cold secure oblivion hides.
One plunges from a bridge's parapet,
As if by some blind and sudden frenzy hurled;
Another wades in slow with purpose set
Until the waters are above him furled;
Another in a boat with dreamlike motion
Glides drifting down into the desert ocean,
To starve or sink from out the desert world.
They perish from their suffering surely thus,
For none beholding them attempts to save,
The while thinks how soon, solicitous,
He may seek refuge in the self-same wave;
Some hour when tired of ever-vain endurance
Impatience will forerun the sweet assurance
Of perfect peace eventual in the grave.
When this poor tragic-farce has palled us long,
Why actors and spectators do we stay?--
To fill our so-short roles out right or wrong;
To see what shifts are yet in the dull play
For our illusion; to refrain from grieving
Dear foolish friends by our untimely leaving:
But those asleep at home, how blest are they!
Yet it is but for one night after all:
What matters one brief night of dreary pain?
When after it the weary eyelids fall
Upon the weary eyes and wasted brain;
And all sad scenes and thoughts and feelings vanish
In that sweet sleep no power can ever banish,
That one best sleep which never wakes again.
XX
I sat me weary on a pillar's base,
And leaned against the shaft; for broad moonlight
O'erflowed the peacefulness of cloistered space,
A shore of shadow slanting from the right:
The great cathedral's western front stood there,
A wave-worn rock in that calm sea of air.
Before it, opposite my place of rest,
Two figures faced each other, large, austere;
A couchant sphinx in shadow to the breast,
An angel standing in the moonlight clear;
So mighty by magnificence of form,
They were not dwarfed beneath that mass enorm.
Upon the cross-hilt of the naked sword
The angel's hands, as prompt to smite, were held;
His vigilant intense regard was poured
Upon the creature placidly unquelled,
Whose front was set at level gaze which took
No heed of aught, a solemn trance-like look.
And as I pondered these opposed shapes
My eyelids sank in stupor, that dull swoon
Which drugs and with a leaden mantle drapes
The outworn to worse weariness. But soon
A sharp and clashing noise the stillness broke,
And from the evil lethargy I woke.
The angel's wings had fallen, stone on stone,
And lay there shattered; hence the sudden sound:
A warrior leaning on his sword alone
Now watched the sphinx with that regard profound;
The sphinx unchanged looked forthright, as aware
Of nothing in the vast abyss of air.
Again I sank in that repose unsweet,
Again a clashing noise my slumber rent;
The warrior's sword lay broken at his feet:
An unarmed man with raised hands impotent
Now stood before the sphinx, which ever kept
Such mien as if open eyes it slept.
My eyelids sank in spite of wonder grown;
A louder crash upstartled me in dread:
The man had fallen forward, stone on stone,
And lay there shattered, with his trunkless head
Between the monster's large quiescent paws,
Beneath its grand front changeless as life's laws.
The moon had circled westward full and bright,
And made the temple-front a mystic dream,
And bathed the whole enclosure with its light,
The sworded angel's wrecks, the sphinx supreme:
I pondered long that cold majestic face
Whose vision seemed of infinite void space.
XXI
Anear the centre of that northern crest
Stands out a level upland bleak and bare,
From which the city east and south and west
Sinks gently in long waves; and throned there
An Image sits, stupendous, superhuman,
The bronze colossus of a winged Woman,
Upon a graded granite base foursquare.
Low-seated she leans forward massively,
With cheek on clenched left hand, the forearm's might
Erect, its elbow on her rounded knee;
Across a clasped book in her lap the right
Upholds a pair of compasses; she gazes
With full set eyes, but wandering in thick mazes
Of sombre thought beholds no outward sight.
Words cannot picture her; but all men know
That solemn sketch the pure sad artist wrought
Three centuries and threescore years ago,
With phantasies of his peculiar thought:
The instruments of carpentry and science
Scattered about her feet, in strange alliance
With the keen wolf-hound sleeping undistraught;
Scales, hour-glass, bell, and magic-square above;
The grave and solid infant perched beside,
With open winglets that might bear a dove,
Intent upon its tablets, heavy-eyed;
Her folded wings as of a mighty eagle,
But all too impotent to lift the regal
Robustness of her earth-born strength and pride;
And with those wings, and that light wreath which seems
To mock her grand head and the knotted frown
Of forehead charged with baleful thoughts and dreams,
The household bunch of keys, the housewife's gown
Voluminous, indented, and yet rigid
As if a shell of burnished metal frigid,
The feet thick-shod to tread all weakness down;
The comet hanging o'er the waste dark seas,
The massy rainbow curved in front of it
Beyond the village with the masts and trees;
The snaky imp, dog-headed, from the Pit,
Bearing upon its batlike leathern pinions
Her name unfolded in the sun's dominions,
The "MELENCOLIA" that transcends all wit.
Thus has the artist copied her, and thus
Surrounded to expound her form sublime,
Her fate heroic and calamitous;
Fronting the dreadful mysteries of Time,
Unvanquished in defeat and desolation,
Undaunted in the hopeless conflagration
Of the day setting on her baffled prime.
Baffled and beaten back she works on still,
Weary and sick of soul she works the more,
Sustained by her indomitable will:
The hands shall fashion and the brain shall pore,
And all her sorrow shall be turned to labour,
Till Death the friend-foe piercing with his sabre
That mighty heart of hearts ends bitter war.
But as if blacker night could dawn on night,
With tenfold gloom on moonless night unstarred,
A sense more tragic than defeat and blight,
More desperate than strife with hope debarred,
More fatal than the adamantine Never
Encompassing her passionate endeavour,
Dawns glooming in her tenebrous regard:
To sense that every struggle brings defeat
Because Fate holds no prize to crown success;
That all the oracles are dumb or cheat
Because they have no secret to express;
That none can pierce the vast black veil uncertain
Because there is no light beyond the curtain;
That all is vanity and nothingness.
Titanic from her high throne in the north,
That City's sombre Patroness and Queen,
In bronze sublimity she gazes forth
Over her Capital of teen and threne,
Over the river with its isles and bridges,
The marsh and moorland, to the stern rock-ridges,
Confronting them with a coeval mien.
The moving moon and stars from east to west
Circle before her in the sea of air;
Shadows and gleams glide round her solemn rest.
Her subjects often gaze up to her there:
The strong to drink new strength of iron endurance,
The weak new terrors; all, renewed assurance
And confirmation of the old despair.The stranger came from Narromine and made his little joke--
"They say we folks in Narromine are narrow-minded folk.
But all the smartest men down here are puzzled to define
A kind of new phenomenon that came to Narromine.
"Last summer up in Narromine 'twas gettin' rather warm--
Two hundred in the water bag, and lookin' like a storm--
We all were in the private bar, the coolest place in town,
When out across the stretch of plain a cloud came rollin' down,
"We don't respect the clouds up there, they fill us with disgust,
They mostly bring a Bogan shower -- three raindrops and some dust;
But each man, simultaneous-like, to each man said, 'I think
That cloud suggests it's up to us to have another drink!'
"There's clouds of rain and clouds of dust -- we've heard of them before,
And sometimes in the daily press we read of 'clouds of war':
But -- if this ain't the Gospel truth I hope that I may burst--
That cloud that came to Narromine was just a cloud of thirst.
"It wasn't like a common cloud, 'twas more a sort of haze;
It settled down about the streets, and stopped for days and days,
And now a drop of dew could fall and not a sunbeam shine
To pierce that dismal sort of mist that hung on Narromine.
"Oh, Lord! we had a dreadful time beneath that cloud of thirst!
We all chucked up our daily work and went upon the burst.
The very blacks about the town that used to cadge for grub,
They made an organised attack and tried to loot the pub.
"We couldn't leave the private bar no matter how we tried;
Shearers and squatters, union men and blacklegs side by side
Were drinkin' there and dursn't move, for each was sure, he said,
Before he'd get a half a mile the thirst would strike him dead!
"We drank until the drink gave out, we searched from room to room,
And round the pub, like drunken ghosts, went howling through the gloom.
The shearers found some kerosene and settled down again,
But all the squatter chaps and I, we staggered to the train.
"And, once outside the cloud of thirst, we felt as right as pie,
But while we stopped about the town we had to drink or die.
But now I hear it's safe enough, I'm going back to work
Because they say the cloud of thirst has shifted on to Bourke.
"But when you see these clouds about -- like this one over here--
All white and frothy at the top, just like a pint of beer,
It's time to go and have a drink, for if that cloud should burst
You'd find the drink would all be gone, for that's a cloud of thirst!"
We stood the man from Narromine a pint of half-and-half;
He drank it off without a gasp in one tremendous quaff;
"I joined some friends last night," he said, "in what they called a spree;
But after Narromine 'twas just a holiday to me."
And now beyond the Western Range, where sunset skies are red,
And clouds of dust, and clouds of thirst, go drifting overhead,
The railway train is taking back, along the Western Line,
That narrow-minded person on his road to Narromine.Would you like to see a city given over,
Soul and body, to a tyrannising game?
If you would, there's little need to be a rover,
For St. Andrews is the abject city's name.
It is surely quite superfluous to mention,
To a person who has been here half an hour,
That Golf is what engrosses the attention
Of the people, with an all-absorbing power.
Rich and poor alike are smitten with the fever;
Their business and religion is to play;
And a man is scarcely deemed a true believer,
Unless he goes at least a round a day.
The city boasts an old and learned college,
Where you'd think the leading industry was Greek;
Even there the favoured instruments of knowledge
Are a driver and a putter and a cleek.
All the natives and the residents are patrons
Of this royal, ancient, irritating sport;
All the old men, all the young men, maids and matrons --
The universal populace, in short.
In the morning, when the feeble light grows stronger,
You may see the players going out in shoals;
And when night forbids their playing any longer,
They tell you how they did the different holes.
Golf, golf, golf -- is all the story!
In despair my overburdened spirit sinks,
Till I wish that every golfer was in glory,
And I pray the sea may overflow the links.
One slender, struggling ray of consolation
Sustains me, very feeble though it be:
There are two who still escape infatuation,
My friend M'Foozle's one, the other's me.
As I write the words, M'Foozle enters blushing,
With a brassy and an iron in his hand ....
This blow, so unexpected and so crushing,
Is more than I am able to withstand.
So now it but remains for me to die, sir.
Stay! There is another course I may pursue --
And perhaps upon the whole it would be wiser --
I will yield to fate and be a golfer too!Over the edge of the purple down,
Where the single lamplight gleams,
Know ye the road to the Merciful Town
That is hard by the Sea of Dreams--
Where the poor may lay their wrongs away,
And the sick may forget to weep?
But we--pity us! Oh, pity us!
We wakeful; ah, pity us! --
We must go back with Policeman Day--
Back from the City of Sleep!
Weary they turn from the scroll and crown,
Fetter and prayer and plough--
They that go up to the Merciful Town,
For her gates are closing now.
It is their right in the Baths of Night
Body and soul to steep,
But we--pity us! ah, pity us!
We wakeful; oh, pity us!--
We must go back with Policeman Day--
Back from the City of Sleep!
Over the edge of the purple down,
Ere the tender dreams begin,
Look--we may look--at the Merciful Town,
But we may not enter in!
Outcasts all, from her guarded wall
Back to our watch we creep:
We--pity us! ah, pity us!
We wakeful; oh, pity us!--
We that go back with Policeman Day--
Back from the City of Sleep!Yesterday I drew myself from the noisome throngs and proceeded into the field until I reached a knoll upon which Nature had spread her comely garments. Now I could breathe.
I looked back, and the city appeared with its magnificent mosques and stately residences veiled by the smoke of the shops.
I commenced analyzing man's mission, but could conclude only that most of his life was identified with struggle and hardship. Then I tried not to ponder over what the sons of Adam had done, and centered my eyes on the field which is the throne of God's glory. In one secluded corner of the field I observed a burying ground surrounded by poplar trees.
There, between the city of the dead and the city of the living, I meditated. I thought of the eternal silence in the first and the endless sorrow in the second.
In the city of the living I found hope and despair; love and hatred, joy and sorrow, wealth and poverty, faith and infidelity.
In the city of the dead there is buried earth in earth that Nature converts, in the night's silence, into vegetation, and then into animal, and then into man. As my mind wandered in this fashion, I saw a procession moving slowly and reverently, accompanied by pieces of music that filled the sky with sad melody. It was an elaborate funeral. The dead was followed by the living who wept and lamented his going. As the cortege reached the place of interment the priests commenced praying and burning incense, and musicians blowing and plucking their instruments, mourning the departed. Then the leaders came forward one after the other and recited their eulogies with fine choice of words.
At last the multitude departed, leaving the dead resting in a most spacious and beautiful vault, expertly designed in stone and iron, and surrounded by the most expensively-entwined wreaths of flowers.
The farewell-bidders returned to the city and I remained, watching them from a distance and speaking softly to myself while the sun was descending to the horizon and Nature was making her many preparations for slumber.
Then I saw two men laboring under the weight of a wooden casket, and behind them a shabby-appearing woman carrying an infant on her arms. Following last was a dog who, with heartbreaking eyes, stared first at the woman and then at the casket.
It was a poor funeral. This guest of Death left to cold society a miserable wife and an infant to share her sorrows and a faithful dog whose heart knew of his companion's departure.
As they reached the burial place they deposited the casket into a ditch away from the tended shrubs and marble stones, and retreated after a few simple words to God. The dog made one last turn to look at his friend's grave as the small group disappeared behind the trees.
I looked at the city of the living and said to myself, "That place belongs to the few." Then I looked upon the trim city of the dead and said, "That place, too, belongs to the few. Oh Lord, where is the haven of all the people?"
As I said this, I looked toward the clouds, mingled with the sun's longest and most beautiful golden rays. And I heard a voice within me saying, "Over there!"What shall we do, my soul, to please the King?
Seeing he hath no pleasure in the dance,
And hath condemned the honeyed utterance
Of silver flutes and mouths made round to sing.
Along the wall red roses climb and cling,
And oh! my prince, lift up thy countenance,
For there be thoughts like roses that entrance
More than the languors of soft lute-playing.
Think how the hidden things that poets see
In amber eves or mornings crystalline,
Hide in the soul their constant quenchless light,
Till, called by some celestial alchemy,
Out of forgotten depths, they rise and shine
Like buried treasure on Midsummer night.Cruising these residential Sunday
streets in dry August sunlight:
what offends us is
the sanities:
the houses in pedantic rows, the planted
sanitary trees, assert
levelness of surface like a rebuke
to the dent in our car door.
No shouting here, or
shatter of glass; nothing more abrupt
than the rational whine of a power mower
cutting a straight swath in the discouraged grass.
But though the driveways neatly
sidestep hysteria
by being even, the roofs all display
the same slant of avoidance to the hot sky,
certain things:
the smell of spilled oil a faint
sickness lingering in the garages,
a splash of paint on brick surprising as a bruise,
a plastic hose poised in a vicious
coil; even the too-fixed stare of the wide windows
give momentary access to
the landscape behind or under
the future cracks in the plaster
when the houses, capsized, will slide
obliquely into the clay seas, gradual as glaciers
that right now nobody notices.
That is where the City Planners
with the insane faces of political conspirators
are scattered over unsurveyed
territories, concealed from each other,
each in his own private blizzard;
guessing directions, they sketch
transitory lines rigid as wooden borders
on a wall in the white vanishing air
tracing the panic of suburb
order in a bland madness of snowsWhen, sick of all the sorrow and distress
That flourished in the City like foul weeds,
I sought blue rivers and green, opulent meads,
And leagues of unregarded loneliness
Whereon no foot of man had seemed to press,
I did not know how great had been my needs,
How wise the woodland's gospels and her creeds,
How good her faith to one long comfortless.
But in the silence came a Voice to me;
In every wind it murmured, and I knew
It would not cease though far my heart might roam.
It called me in the sunrise and the dew,
At noon and twilight, sadly, hungrily,
The jealous City, whispering always -- "Home!"You said, "I will go to another land, I will go to another sea.
Another city will be found, a better one than this.
Every effort of mine is a condemnation of fate;
and my heart is -- like a corpse -- buried.
How long will my mind remain in this wasteland.
Wherever I turn my eyes, wherever I may look
I see black ruins of my life here,
where I spent so many years destroying and wasting."
You will find no new lands, you will find no other seas.
The city will follow you. You will roam the same
streets. And you will age in the same neighborhoods;
and you will grow gray in these same houses.
Always you will arrive in this city. Do not hope for any other --
There is no ship for you, there is no road.
As you have destroyed your life here
in this little corner, you have ruinded it in the entire world.Climbing the heights of Berkeley
Nightly I watch the West.
There lies new San Francisco,
Sea-maid in purple dressed,
Wearing a dancer's girdle
All to inflame desire:
Scorning her days of sackcloth,
Scorning her cleansing fire.
See, like a burning city
Sets now the red sun's dome.
See, mystic firebrands sparkle
There on each store and home.
See how the golden gateway
Burns with the day to be —
Torch-bearing fiends of portent
Loom o'er the earth and sea.
Not by the earthquake daunted
Nor by new fears made tame,
Painting her face and laughing
Plays she a new-found game.
Here on her half-cool cinders
'Frisco abides in mirth,
Planning the wildest splendor
Ever upon the earth.
Here on this crumbling rock-ledge
'Frisco her all will stake,
Blowing her bubble-towers,
Swearing they will not break,
Rearing her Fair transcendent,
Singing with piercing art,
Calling to Ancient Asia,
Wooing young Europe's heart.
Here where her God has scourged her
Wantoning, singing sweet:
Waiting her mad bad lovers
Here by the judgment-seat!
'Frisco, God's doughty foeman,
Scorns and blasphemes him strong.
Tho' he again should smite her
She would not slack her song.
Nay, she would shriek and rally —
'Frisco would ten times rise!
Not till her last tower crumbles,
Not till her last rose dies,
Not till the coast sinks seaward,
Not till the cold tides beat
Over the high white Shasta,
'Frisco will cry defeat.
God loves this rebel city,
Loves foemen brisk and game,
Tho', just to please the angels,
He may send down his flame.
God loves the golden leopard
Tho' he may spoil her lair.
God smites, yet loves the lion.
God makes the panther fair.
Dance then, wild guests of 'Frisco,
Yellow, bronze, white and red!
Dance by the golden gateway —
Dance, tho' he smite you dead!DARK to me is the earth. Dark to me are the heavens.
Where is she that I loved, the woman with eyes like stars?
Desolate are the streets. Desolate is the city.
A city taken by storm, where none are left but the slain.
Sadly I rose at dawn, undid the latch of my shutters,
Thinking to let in light, but I only let in love.
Birds in the boughs were awake; I listen'd to their chaunting;
Each one sang to his love; only I was alone.
This, I said in my heart, is the hour of life and of pleasure.
Now each creature on earth has his joy, and lives in the sun,
Each in another's eyes finds light, the light of compassion,
This is the moment of pity, this is the moment of love.
Speak, O desolate city! Speak, O silence in sadness!
Where is she that I loved in my strength, that spoke to my soul?
Where are those passionate eyes that appeal'd to my eyes in passion?
Where is the mouth that kiss'd me, the breast I laid to my own?
Speak, thou soul of my soul, for rage in my heart is kindled.
Tell me, where didst thou flee in the day of destruction and fear?
See, my arms still enfold thee, enfolding thus all heaven,
See, my desire is fulfill'd in thee, for it fills the earth.
Thus in my grief I lamented. Then turn'd I from the window,
Turn'd to the stair, and the open door, and the empty street,
Crying aloud in my grief, for there was none to chide me,
None to mock my weakness, none to behold my tears.
Groping I went, as blind. I sought her house, my beloved's.
There I stopp'd at the silent door, and listen'd and tried the
latch.
Love, I cried, dost thou slumber? This is no hour for slumber,
This is the hour of love, and love I bring in my hand.
I knew the house, with its windows barr'd, and its leafless fig-tree,
Climbing round by the doorstep, the only one in the street;
I knew where my hope had climb'd to its goal and there encircled
All that those desolate walls once held, my beloved's heart.
There in my grief she consoled me. She loved me when I loved not.
She put her hand in my hand, and set her lips to my lips.
She told me all her pain and show'd me all her trouble.
I, like a fool, scarce heard, hardly return'd her kiss.
Love, thy eyes were like torches. They changed as I beheld them.
Love, thy lips were like gems, the seal thou settest on my life.
Love, if I loved not then, behold this hour thy vengeance;
This is the fruit of thy love and thee, the unwise grown wise.
Weeping strangled my voice. I call'd out, but none answer'd;
Blindly the windows gazed back at me, dumbly the door;
See whom I love, who loved me, look'd not on my yearning,
Gave me no more her hands to kiss, show'd me no more her soul.
Therefore the earth is dark to me, the sunlight blackness,
Therefore I go in tears and alone, by night and day;
Therefore I find no love in heaven, no light, no beauty,
A heaven taken by storm, where none are left but the slain!I know a girl from Cebu City
I have never met her but I know of her
through her lover… a much older man
who lives in my city.
She is much younger
very beautiful… a bit like a child
He has arranged for her to come for an
extended visit
He is worried that people might think
he has bought and paid for her, lest
her feelings be hurt
I say she is too young to understand…
He says he will throw money at the problem
and take her here and there, spoil her,
buy her things…
only to take her mind off things, of course…
I think it is ironic that this girl will go back
to Cebu City with more possessions
thinking herself richer for the experience –
not having been bought and paid for, of course…
and that this man from my city will be
all the poorer for his judgment….
for buying the paper queen
a heart of stone.Over the darkened city, the city of towers,
The city of a thousand gates,
Over the gleaming terraced roofs, the huddled towers,
Over a somnolent whisper of loves and hates,
The slow wind flows, drearily streams and falls,
With a mournful sound down rain-dark walls.
On one side purples the lustrous dusk of the sea,
And dreams in white at the city's feet;
On one side sleep the plains, with heaped-up hills.
Oaks and beeches whisper in rings about it.
Above the trees are towers where dread bells beat.
The fisherman draws his streaming net from the sea
And sails toward the far-off city, that seems
Like one vague tower.
The dark bow plunges to foam on blue-black waves,
And shrill rain seethes like a ghostly music about him
In a quiet shower.
Rain with a shrill sings on the lapsing waves;
Rain thrills over the roofs again;
Like a shadow of shifting silver it crosses the city;
The lamps in the streets are streamed with rain;
And sparrows complain beneath deep eaves,
And among whirled leaves
The sea-gulls, blowing from tower to lower tower,
From wall to remoter wall,
Skim with the driven rain to the rising sea-sound
And close grey wings and fall . . .
. . . Hearing great rain above me, I now remember
A girl who stood by the door and shut her eyes:
Her pale cheeks glistened with rain, she stood and shivered.
Into a forest of silver she vanished slowly . . .
Voices about me rise . . .
Voices clear and silvery, voices of raindrops,—
'We struck with silver claws, we struck her down.
We are the ghosts of the singing furies . . . '
A chorus of elfin voices blowing about me
Weaves to a babel of sound.  Each cries a secret.
I run among them, reach out vain hands, and drown.
'I am the one who stood beside you and smiled,
Thinking your face so strangely young . . . '
'I am the one who loved you but did not dare.'
'I am the one you followed through crowded streets,
The one who escaped you, the one with red-gleamed hair.'
'I am the one you saw to-day, who fell
Senseless before you, hearing a certain bell:
A bell that broke great memories in my brain.'
'I am the one who passed unnoticed before you,
Invisible, in a cloud of secret pain.'
'I am the one who suddenly cried, beholding
The face of a certain man on the dazzling screen.
They wrote me that he was dead.  It was long ago.
I walked in the streets for a long while, hearing nothing,
And returned to see it again.  And it was so.'
Weave, weave, weave, you streaks of rain!
I am dissolved and woven again . . .
Thousands of faces rise and vanish before me.
Thousands of voices weave in the rain.
'I am the one who rode beside you, blinking
At a dazzle of golden lights.
Tempests of music swept me: I was thinking
Of the gorgeous promise of certain nights:
Of the woman who suddenly smiled at me this day,
Smiled in a certain delicious sidelong way,
And turned, as she reached the door,
To smile once more . . .
Her hands are whiter than snow on midnight water.
Her throat is golden and full of golden laughter,
Her eyes are strange as the stealth of the moon
On a night in June . . .
She runs among whistling leaves; I hurry after;
She dances in dreams over white-waved water;
Her body is white and fragrant and cool,
Magnolia petals that float on a white-starred pool . . .
I have dreamed of her, dreaming for many nights
Of a broken music and golden lights,
Of broken webs of silver, heavily falling
Between my hands and their white desire:
And dark-leaved boughs, edged with a golden radiance,
Dipping to screen a fire . . .
I dream that I walk with her beneath high trees,
But as I lean to kiss her face,
She is blown aloft on wind, I catch at leaves,
And run in a moonless place;
And I hear a crashing of terrible rocks flung down,
And shattering trees and cracking walls,
And a net of intense white flame roars over the town,
And someone cries; and darkness falls . . .
But now she has leaned and smiled at me,
My veins are afire with music,
Her eyes have kissed me, my body is turned to light;
I shall dream to her secret heart tonight . . . '
He rises and moves away, he says no word,
He folds his evening paper and turns away;
I rush through the dark with rows of lamplit faces;
Fire bells peal, and some of us turn to listen,
And some sit motionless in their accustomed places.
Cold rain lashes the car-roof, scurries in gusts,
Streams down the windows in waves and ripples of lustre;
The lamps in the streets are distorted and strange.
Someone takes his watch from his pocket and yawns.
One peers out in the night for the place to change.
Rain . . . rain . . . rain . . . we are buried in rain,
It will rain forever, the swift wheels hiss through water,
Pale sheets of water gleam in the windy street.
The pealing of bells is lost in a drive of rain-drops.
Remote and hurried the great bells beat.
'I am the one whom life so shrewdly betrayed,
Misfortune dogs me, it always hunted me down.
And to-day the woman I love lies dead.
I gave her roses, a ring with opals;
These hands have touched her head.
'I bound her to me in all soft ways,
I bound her to me in a net of days,
Yet now she has gone in silence and said no word.
How can we face these dazzling things, I ask you?
There is no use: we cry: and are not heard.
'They cover a body with roses . . . I shall not see it . . .
Must one return to the lifeless walls of a city
Whose soul is charred by fire? . . . '
His eyes are closed, his lips press tightly together.
Wheels hiss beneath us.  He yields us our desire.
'No, do not stare so—he is weak with grief,
He cannot face you, he turns his eyes aside;
He is confused with pain.
I suffered this.  I know.  It was long ago . . .
He closes his eyes and drowns in death again.'
The wind hurls blows at the rain-starred glistening windows,
The wind shrills down from the half-seen walls.
We flow on the mournful wind in a dream of dying;
And at last a silence falls.A BROADSIDE DISTRIBUTED IN SPRINGFIELD, ILLINOIS
Censers are swinging,
Over the town;
Censers are swinging,
Look overhead!
Censers are swinging,
Heaven comes down.
City, dead city,
Awake from the dead!
Censers, tremendous,
Gleam overhead.
Wind-harps are ringing,
Wind-harps unseen—
Calling and calling:—
"Wake from the dead.
Rise, little city,
Shine like a queen."
Soldiers of Christ
For battle grow keen.
Heaven-sent winds
Haunt alley and lane.
Singing of life
In town-meadows green
After the toil
And battle and pain.
Incense is pouring
Like the spring rain
Down on the mob
That moil through the street.
Blessed are they
Who behold it and gain
Power made more mighty
Thro' every defeat.
Builders, toil on.
Make all complete.
Make Springfield wonderful.
Make her renown
Worthy this day,
Till, at God's feet,
Tranced, saved forever,
Waits the white town.
Censers are swinging
Over the town,
Censers gigantic!
Look overhead!
Hear the winds singing:—
"Heaven comes down.
City, dead city,
Awake from the dead."I will not toy with it nor bend an inch.
Deep in the secret chambers of my heart
I muse my life-long hate, and without flinch
I bear it nobly as I live my part.
My being would be a skeleton, a shell,
If this dark Passion that fills my every mood,
And makes my heaven in the white world's hell,
Did not forever feed me vital blood.
I see the mighty city through a mist--
The strident trains that speed the goaded mass,
The poles and spires and towers vapor-kissed,
The fortressed port through which the great ships pass,
The tides, the wharves, the dens I contemplate,
Are sweet like wanton loves because I hate.You can rock to Elvis Presley,
You can Jam to ZZ top, you can bop
To Carl Perkins, you can dance to
Credence and rock. But when it comes
To music this city boy loves country.
You can make love to the platters,
You can croon with Franky boy.
You can shake with little Richard,
Or sing the blues with Benny King.
But when it comes to music,
This city boy loves country.
You can cry to Barbara Streisand,
You can laugh to Roger Miller,
You can go way back with Jolson
Or keep up with M.T.V.
But when it comes to music
This city boy loves country.This city
Is vastly plagued with loneliness.
I’m looking for Van Morrison’s
Brown-eyed girl
And I cry at the sight
Of every ponytail.
I believe in a higher love
But everyone
Is too busy seeking
Money pursuits on glittering streets
Of superficiality.
Where is the delicate hand
That will hold mine and pray with me
By the mountain’s waterfall
Which weeps for genuine kindness?To one who has been long in city pent,
'Tis very sweet to look into the fair
And open face of heaven,--to breathe a prayer
Full in the smile of the blue firmament.
Who is more happy, when, with heart's content,
Fatigued he sinks into some pleasant lair
Of wavy grass, and reads a debonair
And gentle tale of love and languishment?
Returning home at evening, with an ear
Catching the notes of Philomel,--an eye
Watching the sailing cloudlet's bright career,
He mourns that day so soon has glided by:
E'en like the passage of an angel's tear
That falls through the clear ether silently.The Cities are full of pride,
Challenging each to each --
This from her mountain-side,
That from her burthened beach.
They count their ships full tale --
Their corn and oil and wine,
Derrick and loom and bale,
And rampart's gun-flecked line;
City by City they hail:
"Hast aught to match with mine?"
And the men that breed from them
They traffic up and down,
But cling to their cities' hem
As a child to their mother's gown.
When they talk with the stranger bands,
Dazed and newly alone;
When they walk in the stranger lands,
By roaring streets unknown;
Blessing her where she stands
For strength above their own.
(On high to hold her fame
That stands all fame beyond,
By oath to back the same,
Most faithful-foolish-fond;
Making her mere-breathed name
Their bond upon their bond.)
So thank I God my birth
Fell not in isles aside --
Waste headlands of the earth,
Or warring tribes untried --
But that she lent me worth
And gave me right to pride.
Surely in toil or fray
Under an alien sky,
Comfort it is to say:
"Of no mean city am I!"
(Neither by service nor fee
Come I to mine estate --
Mother of Cities to me,
For I was born in her gate,
Between the palms and the sea,
Where the world-end steamers wait.)
Now for this debt I owe,
And for her far-borne cheer
Must I make haste and go
With tribute to her pier.
And she shall touch and remit
After the use of kings
(Orderly, ancient, fit)
My deep-sea plunderings,
And purchase in all lands.
And this we do for a sign
Her power is over mine,
And mine I hold at her hands!London, thou art of town{.e}s A per se.
Soveraign of cities, semeliest in sight,
Of high renoun, riches, and royaltie;
Of lordis, barons, and many goodly knyght;
Of most delectable lusty ladies bright;
Of famous prelatis in habitis clericall;
Of merchauntis full of substaunce and myght:
London, thou art the flour of Cities all.
Gladdith anon, thou lusty Troy Novaunt,
Citie that some tyme cleped was New Troy,
In all the erth, imperiall as thou stant,
Pryncesse of townes, of pleasure, and of joy,
A richer restith under no Christen roy;
For manly power, with craftis naturall,
Fourmeth none fairer sith the flode of Noy:
London, thou art the flour of Cities all.
Gemme of all joy, jasper of jocunditie,
Most myghty carbuncle of vertue and valour;
Strong Troy in vigour and in strenuytie;
Of royall cities rose and geraflour;
Empresse of town{.e}s, exalt in honour;
In beawtie beryng the crone imperiall;
Swete paradise precelling in pleasure:
London, thow art the floure of Cities all.
Above all ryvers thy Ryver hath renowne,
Whose beryall stremys, pleasaunt and preclare,
Under thy lusty wallys renneth down,
Where many a swanne doth swymme with wyngis fare;
Where many a barge doth saile, and row with are,
Where many a ship doth rest with toppe-royall.
O! towne of townes, patrone and not-compare:
London, thou art the floure of Cities all.
Upon thy lusty Brigge of pylers white
Been merchauntis full royall to behold;
Upon thy stretis goth many a semely knyght
In velvet gownes and cheyn{.e}s of fyne gold.
By Julyus Cesar thy Tour founded of old
May be the hous of Mars victoryall,
Whos artillary with tonge may not be told:
London, thou art the flour of Cities all.
Strong be thy wallis that about the standis;
Wise be the people that within the dwellis;
Fresh is thy ryver with his lusty strandis;
Blith be thy chirches, wele sownyng be thy bellis;
Riche be thy merchauntis in substaunce that excellis;
Fair be thy wives, right lovesom, white and small;
Clere be thy virgyns, lusty under kellis:
London, thow art the flour of Cities all.
Thy famous Maire, by pryncely governaunce,
With swerd of justice the rulith prudently.
No Lord of Parys, Venyce, or Floraunce
In dignytie or honoure goeth to hym nye.
He is exampler, lood{.e}-ster, and guye;
Principall patrone and roose orygynalle,
Above all Maires as maister moost worthy:
London, thou art the flour of Cities all.New York City Central Park
on the ice skating rink
two  teenage girls steal the show
Modeled after the gardens and parks of Paris and London, New York City's Central Park was the country's first landscaped public park when it opened in 1859. A welcome breather from the bustling, crowded city streets, the 843-acre park is home to a zoo, boathouse, carousel, outdoor theater, wildlife sanctuary, and two ice-skating rinks—all among picturesque fountains, bridges, statues, and ponds. Get active and go climbing on the schist boulders throughout the park; jog, bike, or rollerblade along six-mile Park Drive; or get a game going at the tennis courts, basketball courts, or baseball fields.Had I but plenty of money, money enough and to spare,
The house for me, no doubt, were a house in the city-square;
Ah, such a life, such a life, as one leads at the window there!
Something to see, by Bacchus, something to hear, at least!
There, the whole day long, one's life is a perfect feast;
While up at a villa one lives, I maintain it, no more than a beast.
Well now, look at our villa! stuck like the horn of a bull
Just on a mountain-edge as bare as the creature's skull,
Save a mere shag of a bush with hardly a leaf to pull!
--I scratch my own, sometimes, to see if the hair's turned wool.
But the city, oh the city--the square with the houses! Why?
They are stone-faced, white as a curd, there's something to take the eye!
Houses in four straight lines, not a single front awry;
You watch who crosses and gossips, who saunters, who hurries by;
Green blinds, as a matter of course, to draw when the sun gets high;
And the shops with fanciful signs which are painted properly.
What of a villa? Though winter be over in March by rights,
'Tis May perhaps ere the snow shall have withered well off the heights:
You've the brown ploughed land before, where the oxen steam and wheeze,
And the hills over-smoked behind by the faint gray olive-trees.
Is it better in May, I ask you? You've summer all at once;
In a day he leaps complete with a few strong April suns.
'Mid the sharp short emerald wheat, scarce risen three fingers well,
The wild tulip, at end of its tube, blows out its great red bell
Like a thin clear bubble of blood, for the children to pick and sell.
Is it ever hot in the square? There's a fountain to spout and splash!
In the shade it sings and springs: in the shine such foambows flash
On the horses with curling fish-tails, that prance and paddle and pash
Round the lady atop in her conch--fifty gazers do not abash,
Though all that she wears is some weeds round her waist in a sort of sash.
All the year long at the villa, nothing to see though you linger,
Except yon cypress that points like death's lean lifted forefinger.
Some think fireflies pretty, when they mix in the corn and mingle,
Or thrid the stinking hemp till the stalks of it seem a-tingle.
Late August or early September, the stunning cicala is shrill,
And the bees keep their tiresome whine round the resinous firs on the hill.
Enough of the seasons,--I spare you the months of the fever and chill.
Ere you open your eyes in the city, the blessed church-bells begin:
No sooner the bells leave off than the diligence rattles in:
You get the pick of the news, and it costs you never a pin.
By and by there's the travelling doctor gives pills, lets blood, draws teeth;
Or the Pulcinello-trumpet breaks up the market beneath.
At the post-office such a scene-picture--the new play, piping hot!
And a notice how, only this morning, three liberal thieves were shot.
Above it, behold the Archbishop's most fatherly of rebukes,
And beneath, with his crown and his lion, some little new law of the Duke's!
Or a sonnet with flowery marge, to the Reverend Don So-and so,
Who is Dante, Boccaccio, Petrarca, Saint Jerome and Cicero,
"And moreover," (the sonnet goes rhyming,) "the skirts of Saint Paul has reached,
Having preached us those six Lent-lectures more unctuous than ever he preached."
Noon strikes,--here sweeps the procession! our Lady borne smiling and smart
With a pink gauze gown all spangles, and seven swords stuck in her heart!
Bang-whang-whang goes the drum, tootle-te-tootle the fife.
No keeping one's haunches still: it's the greatest pleasure in life.
But bless you, it's dear--it's dear! fowls, wine, at double the rate.
They have clapped a new tax upon salt, and what oil pays passing the gate
It's a horror to think of. And so, the villa for me, not the city!
Beggars can scarcely be choosers: but still--ah, the pity, the pity!
Look, two and two go the priests, then the monks with cowls and sandals,
And the penitents dressed in white shirts a-holding the yellow candles;
One, he carries a flag up straight, and another a cross with handles.
And the Duke's guard brings up the rear, for the better prevention of scandals:
Bang-whang-whang goes the drum, tootle-te-tootle the fife;
Oh, a day in the city-square, there is no such pleasure in life!Could I walk this city
every day
and never find the same place twice?
Could I find myself in that
new location?
Take the risk
you remember forever.
The significant moment.
The highlighted text.Light drunkenly reels into shadow;
Blurs, slurs uneasily;
Slides off the eyeballs:
The segments shatter.
Tree-branches cut arc-light in ragged
Fluttering wet strips.
The cup of the sky-sign is filled too full;
It slushes wine over.
The street-lamps dance a tarentella
And zigzag down the street:
They lift and fly away
In a wind of lights.The tired cars go grumbling by,
The moaning, groaning cars,
And the old milk carts go rumbling by
Under the same dull stars.
Out of the tenements, cold as stone,
Dark figures start for work;
I watch them sadly shuffle on,
'Tis dawn, dawn in New York.
But I would be on the island of the sea,
In the heart of the island of the sea,
Where the cocks are crowing, crowing, crowing,
And the hens are cackling in the rose-apple tree,
Where the old draft-horse is neighing, neighing, neighing,
Out on the brown dew-silvered lawn,
And the tethered cow is lowing, lowing, lowing,
And dear old Ned is braying, braying, braying,
And the shaggy Nannie goat is calling, calling, calling
From her little trampled corner of the long wide lea
That stretches to the waters of the hill-stream falling
Sheer upon the flat rocks joyously!
There, oh, there! on the island of the sea,
There would I be at dawn.
The tired cars go grumbling by,
The crazy, lazy cars,
And the same milk carts go rumbling by
Under the dying stars.
A lonely newsboy hurries by,
Humming a recent ditty;
Red streaks strike through the gray of the sky,
The dawn comes to the city.
But I would be on the island of the sea,
In the heart of the island of the sea,
Where the cocks are crowing, crowing, crowing,
And the hens are cackling in the rose-apple tree,
Where the old draft-horse is neighing, neighing, neighing
Out on the brown dew-silvered lawn,
And the tethered cow is lowing, lowing, lowing,
And dear old Ned is braying, braying, braying,
And the shaggy Nannie goat is calling, calling, calling,
From her little trampled corner of the long wide lea
That stretches to the waters of the hill-stream falling
Sheer upon the flat rocks joyously!
There, oh, there! on the island of the sea,
There I would be at dawn.Captain, or colonel, or knight in arms,
Whose chance on these defenceless doors may seize,
If deed of honour did thee ever please,
Guard them, and him within protect from harms.
He can requite thee, for he knows the charms
That call fame on such gentle acts as these,
And he can spread thy name o’er lands and seas,
Whatever clime the sun’s bright circle warms.
Lift not thy spear against the Muse’s bower;
The great Emathian conqueror bid spare
The house of Pindarus, when temple and tower
Went to the ground; and the repeated air
Of sad Electra’s Poet had the power
To save the Athenian walls from ruin bare.The snow is yellow
round the doorway to the pub;
gone, the sound of 'Aaaahh...'I am really shocked to behold the pink city
Blood when flows near by  the green field
From the ill fatted souls of their mother’s womb
Tear when turns red eyes yet steeped in sorrows
Serial blast such brutal act against humanity
in this maddened world by this mankind
fire when burns the love in men innocent
peace and care when waned by evil insane
should we still  call them homosapiens, perhaps no
unwanted rogues resourced by their own ill design
society still seems wild by the doings of paranoia
yet we call upon justice knocking the door of divine
barbarism still plays  by the laughter of wickedness
slanting across the door of terrorism when befuddled
as when wrought by the minds of ill born dunderheads
can we not classify them in between man and killer giant
still they seem to be more severe and wild by the death
even more dangerous than wild and insane of the jungles
the crown when worn by the heinous world of terrorism
the cruelty has already infiltrated to our blood
yet not the last massacre of trade centre or else where
that has not yet been blotted out from our mind,
still we remember that horrific moments by the death
the process of annihilation when starts
sun may disappear from east or west
man when counts his age by the void in darkness
heart still bleats and blurs  by the hope against hope
and we condemns this domestic terrorism by monsters
God might be feeling pity for those Frankenstein
who never think of their own grave.hanging on their heads
I sill remember the inch cape rock against the storm
Ralf the Rover when embraced the deadly death
I still pray God never allows these heartless worms
to be here again or to grow some where on this earth,
lest the tears may not fall again in the furrows of remorse and sorrowsHarichandran had to leave
Ayodhya, once he gave
All his wealth to the Sage
To cool him from his rage
He gave up his throne,
Took his wife and son,
Moved out of the palace
To an unknown place.
Aloud the people wept,
Beating their faces, chests,
To show their distress,
As they were helpless.
The three went in bear foot,
On the route that was hot.
The people couldn’t bear it,
And felt very much hurt.
“The King was liberal
In giving charity to all.
Why a noble soul is driven
To this sad situation? ”
“The Sage is so merciless
Not even a small house
He gave to this family
To stay here comfortably.”
“Can we believe the Sage,
Who’s ever in a fit of rage,
That he’ll take care of us
In the King’s absence.”
Like this, people were talking,
As the three were walking,
With their heads down
To a destination unknown.
In the west the sun set,
As if it was quite upset
With their bear foot
Minding not its heat.
What all people said,
Secretly the Sage heard,
To know their reaction
On his cunning action.
Tears the ministers shed
When the King said,
“Here I’ll never return
To the land that is given.”
Openly some shouted out,
“We’ll throw the Sage out.
Oh King, we want you here.”
They said this with tears.
“How can a Sage handle
A spear in a battle?
As he cannot fight,
He’s fit to live in forest.”
From the hiding spot,
The Sage came out,
The King fell on his feet
With due humble respect.
The Sage said, “I’ll give
Back what all you gave.
If you don’t take them
You’ll cause me harm.”
He replied, “Once given,
The kingdom is not mine.
Oh Sage, I’ll never take,
Even if you give it back.”
For all the tricks played
The King never yielded.
Yet, the sage did his best
And continued his test.
The Sage said, “I doubt
How you’ll now treat
Your previous tall promise
Of help for my fire sacrifice? ”
The King fell at his feet
And said, “I’ll send it
Thro’ your messenger.
I’ll cheat you never.”
The Sage sent Sukran
Behind Harichandran,
To collect the dues
In the next few days.
He also told Sukran
“You take your commission
From this Harichandran
Besides the dues of mine.”
“If he fails within time
You just make him
Tell a lie, at least one,
And leave him then.”
Saying this, the Sage left.
The King made a request
To the guards and ministers,
“Don’t fail in your duties.”
“You serve the Sage well.
Take care of the people.
Now, go to your place
And live in peace.”
Tears Minister Sathyakeerthi shed.
With folded hands he said,
“Let me also come with you
And serve as I served you.”
Saying this, he fainted.
His loyalty, it showed.
The King felt for him
And agreed to take him.
Chandramathi shed tears
Before leaving the borders
Of the great Ayodhya City
While the people felt pity.
Their life became tough.
The paths were rough.
The heat of the desert
Scorched their bare foot.
On the way, rain or sun,
They had to run
For shelter in caves
Or under giant trees.
Sathyakeerthi carried the son
O’er his shoulders in the sun
When walking in desert
That burnt his tender foot.
Chandramathi refused
When the King offered
Just to carry her
O’er his shoulder.
She said, “It is a sin,
To cause you pain,
And when you suffer
Let me also suffer.”
Poisonous Cobras
Besides scorpions
Crossed their paths
Nights and days.
For Chandramathi,
It was so uneasy
To see them on the way
Almost every day.
River Gomathi, they crossed.
In the sands they rested.
Sathyakeerthi brought
Some fresh fruits to eat.
For the dues, Sukran asked.
To go further, he refused.
The King then promised
Soon, the dues would be paid.Sathyakeerthi brought fruits
Which they all ate,
But Sukran did protest
That it wasn’t sufficient.
He said, “I don’t eat
Mere fruits and nuts,
I need regular food
The one nicely cooked.”
Harichandran said,
“No other good food
Except fruits and nuts
We can find in forests.”
“This now you take,
Please, for my sake,
When we reach the city
We’ll get food plenty.”
“I’ll see that you get
Cooked food to eat
Also the dues are paid.”
This much he assured.
The Sage Viswamithra sent
Fearful devils and ghosts
Just to terrorize them
Without killing them.
They moved on and on
Despite storm or rain,
Until they reached near
The holy Ganges River.
It gave them little pleasure,
To take bath in the river.
For rest, they went then
To a nice flower garden.
It was time for the sunset.
They stayed there for rest
And quiet that night went
With no unusual event.
The sound of tigers
Lions and elephants,
Disturbed not their sleep
As it was so deep.
Next day, Sukran said,
“Further tortures to avoid,
Better, take back your land
Forget your promise, friend.”
He tried to tempt the King,
Who was not yielding
To such temptations
As a man of principles.
They crossed the River Sona.
And then the River Yamuna.
Moving from place to place
Gave them tiresome experience.
Suddenly, the Sage appeared.
To the King, he said,
“Out of pity, I came here.
Yes, it’s too late never.”
“Say you didn’t give free
Any of your lands to me,
Then they become yours.
Be free from such ordeals.”
The King said, “Never I’ll say
Today or any other day,
Just to satisfy you, a lie
Despite troubles I may buy.”
“Such an act would mean,
Take back the alms given
From a beggar and then eat
Without shame or self-respect.”
“At least, marry my two girls
And go free from such ordeals.
You’ll then be happy
And make me also happy.”
He replied, “Desire on gold,
Land and maid is no good,
And it shall be, to anyone
Never on other’s compulsion.”
“Will anyone vomit
And then back eat it?
Such a disgusting act
It’ll be, back if I take it.”
The Sage said, “Twice
You must think, not once,
When you give alms,
To win or lose others.”
The King replied, “Throw me
In fire or into pieces cut me,
Still I’ll not take back again
What was once given.”
The hot sage shouted,
“For this, be prepared
To face further ordeals
And serious troubles.”
He thought of Sukran,
Who came there then.
He gave him instructions
To give them more pains.
He asked the Fire God
Around them to spread
And create more fear
Without going near.
Fire God replied,
“I’m so afraid
Of Chandramathi
For her chastity.”
“Yet, I must obey you,
To avoid curse from you, ”
Near them fire came
But didn’t burn them.
When asked, Sukran said,
“Fire will not subside
Until a royal body it eats
This is what I forecast.”
The minister offered first,
The king offered second,
The mother came third,
And the son, as the last.
But the fire didn’t go near,
As it had its own fear
Against the heat of chastity,
That came from Chandramathi.
With all their anxiety,
They reached Kasi City,
Where they could find
A new life of some kind.Kasi was a well known city,
Noted for its culture and beauty.
The bees hummed in the fields.
Honey flowed from flowers.
Hearing the songs of parrots
The trees gave their fruits.
The plants in the gardens
In the air, shook their heads.
The faces, hands, legs, of girls
Resembled more like lotus,
Their mouths, like lilies,
With their blue-lily eyes.
Circling o’er them, the bees
Mistook them all for lotus,
They added more beauty
To this beautiful city.
For the dues outstanding,
Sukran was after the King.
How to settle the same?
And that too in short time?
The King told Sathyakeerthi
“In the market, sell me
And pay Sukran the dues.
Now, I’ve no other clues.”
The minister said like this:
“Sell me and pay the dues.
How can I sell my master?
You’re more like my mother.”
The King said, “I should suffer,
As that was the Sage’s desire.”
He appreciated the minister
And rejected his offer.
In Viswanath temple, they prayed.
Then in an inn, they stayed.
Chandramathi cooked food.
Sumptuous food everyone had.
Sukran was so vehement
He insisted on the payment.
Of dues, the same day
With no further delay.
He had nothing to pay
On the very same day,
And helpless he was
To settle the dues.
Chandramathi said then,
“Sell me with my son,
For a reasonable sum
And this day, pay him.”
He said, “Oh God,
How can I sell my kid
With his dear mother?
I’ll do this never.”
“For a king, duty is first,
And his love comes next.
It’s the fate that rules us.”
She consoled him like this.
Tears rolled in his eyes,
When for a fair price,
He tried to sell them,
Cursing his bad time.
As none could afford,
No one came forward
To buy mother and kid,
For such a heavy bid.
Though the price was high,
A Brahmin came to buy.
He paid the fixed sum
To his house took them.
Before leaving she cried,
Devadasan cried aloud.
Harichandran swooned
When they both departed.
To pacify, the minister tried,
But still the king cried,
Sukran got the full amount,
But demanded his payment.
After a long persuasion
Minister took Harichandran
To the market place near
And waited for a buyer.
One Veeravagu by name,
To buy him, he came.
He wanted a servant
In his own burning ghat.
Minister sold Harichandran
For ten thousand gold coins.
Veeravagu posted him to the ghat
Where dead bodies were burnt.
Sukran got his payment.
To meet the sage he went.
The King turned servant
To the burning ghat went.
His wage was, mouthful-rice
That came with dead bodies
For him to cook and eat
After burning the bodies out.
The cloth covering the dead
With a quarter piece of gold
Was taken by his master,
As the burning ghat owner.
.
A great king of the past
Later became a servant.
What was its root cause?
It was the Sage’s curse.
What a pathetic scene
To see this king, the one
Reduced to a menial state?
Was it due to his “Fate”?A racist highway patrol trooper by name Brian
loves to see how all these black folks are dyin'
Is much maligned for his own terrible ruse
that recently put a black woman in her nooseHonest Abe was nine,
When he commited a crime,
He stole some pie,
and he said a lie.Alexander
The great Greek commander,
Marched his army all way to Kathmandu,
For a Vindaloo.Alexander of Macedon
Became gloomy and taciturn
When they told him at the 'Blue Lion'
That he couldn't have any more Chian.Although Don Bradman
Screamed and fought like a madman
And condemned the proceedings in toto,
They insisted on taking his photo.My son Ammer
Set his heart on shiny armour.
I put a stop to this drama
Because I thought it could be a self-harmer.Andy
Who liked brandy.
Lost his girlfriend Mandy
Because she prefered shandy.Andy
Thought he was dandy.
But to his girlfriend Mandy
He dressed more like Mahatma Gandhi.At Stoke
Middlesbrough’s performance was a joke,
The spectators blew their stack,
This was the last straw that broke the camel’s back.I am jazib kamalvi.
Student of the poetry.
Teacher of the universe.
Ignorant of any verse.My teenage son Ben
Turned his room into a den.
Which he shares
With grizzly bears."Corruptio optimi pessima!"
Grinned Sir Henry Bessemer.
"Judicio vulgi demens!"
Snorted Sir William SiemensBishop Stubbs
Was expelled from all his clubs
For disparaging the Oxford crew
In The Quarterly Review.Brigham Young
Was exceptionally highly-strung.
He always used a chopper
When a Mormon said anything improper.I’m Cameron, call me Dave,
Power I do crave.
I’ll tell any story
To con you into voting Tory.Captain James Cook
Could not find a book,
Thus he was forced to make a note
On a boat.Chapman & Hall
Swore not at all.
Mr Chapman's yea was yea,
And Mr Hall's nay was nay.'No,' said Charles Peace,
'I can't 'ardly blame the perlice.
They 'as their faults, it is true,
Bit I sees their point of view.'Did Che Guevara
Wear mascara?
The only person who can answer that is Brain Lara
Because he’s been to Sahara.The object of my heart’s desire, Chris
Whenever I ask for a Kiss,
She’s quick to dismiss
Always adding, I prefer Swiss.Dame Dorothy Parker
Sashays  with wit and humour,
But Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
The murders he did foil.
............ ................................................. ...................
July 7,2009  Tarlac City PhillippinesGershy, now Gershon,
Composed a new version
Of Torah and Bible
For which I’m not liable.Write a Clerihew:
It’s easy to do.
Two rhyming couplets of any length:
Short and simple, that’s its strength.A schoolboy called Edmund Clerihew
Bentley, as known to a very few
Lovers of English, began a century ago the fad of biography
In four lines and two rhymes, a sort of verse photography.
If asked why we ignore the surname Bentley,
I would reply ignorantly or innocently,
That what young Edmund innovated was levity
In finding rhymes to fit the four-line brevity.
- - - - - - -   October 2015,
Written when I remembered the popular verse:
John Stuart Mill,
By a mighty effort of will,
Overcame his natural bonhomie
And wrote ‘Principles of Political Economy’.Edmund Clerihew Bentley
invented the clerihew almost absentmindedly
one need not dwell upon
what it would have been called if his middle name had been AlgernonTake a bird, fix its wings with a nail,
Then you would have your snail;
Something once great, now lesser than you.
If you want to be popular, that you must do.
Copyright © 2010 Leslie AlexisMick Jagger a-
pparently doesn't need Viagra
and might view as malice
an Xmas gift of Cialis...Witty Wilfredo Derequito said,
“Just blog me Fred! ”
Then his flying start, overland, undersea
Spirited side-splitting stories ‘bout a good ol’ boy and he.George Herman Ruth
Addressed Babe, that’s the truth;
Swung for a quantum jump
Toward a Baseball Hall of Fame bump.Dame Laura Knight
Had unusually keen sight.
She could spot a circus clown, they say
A couple of miles away.My mate Dan
Likes a can,
With his curry
Which he always eats in a hurry.Edgar Allen Poe
Was passionately fond of roe.
He always liked to chew some
When writing anything gruesome.Edmund Clerihew Bently
is suddenly from his writing free,
hears someone on the radio sing,
decides a whimsical poem is just the thing.Edmund Clerihew Bently.
Wrote kind of differently.
No one would have cared,
If he never would of shared.Edward the Confessor
Slept under the dresser.
When that began to pall,
He slept in the hall.Father Brown
Gained wide renown.
Not for prayerbooks or hyminals,
But for collaring criminals.Clerihew - Gay & Blake
The meaning of the poet Gay
Was always as clear as day,
While that of the poet Blake
Was often particularly opaque.'No, Sir' said General Sherman
'I did not enjoy the sermon;
Nor I didn't git any
Kick outer of the Litany.'George the Third
Ought never to have occurred.
One can only wonder
At so grotesque a blunder.'Dinner-time?' said Gilbert White,
'Yes, yes mdash; certainly mdash; all right.
Just let me finish this note
About the Lesser White-bellied Stoat.'Mighty warrior Hector
Troy’s protector.
But against Achilles he was second-class
Even though he was brought up on Madras.Helen of Greece
Felt like a trophy on a mantle piece
With lover Paris, set sail
For Troy, her land of fairytale.Helen of Troy
In Paris, found her blue-eyed boy.
Short lived was her joy,
Greeks destroyed Troy.Henry the First
Ate lampreys till he burst.
His unfortunate decease
Simply ruined the Norman peace.Hercules
Always ate Chinese.
When in need of staying power
He always ate raw cauliflower.How the Emperor Jovian
Would have revelled in the The Harovian!
And can't you see Diocletian
Roaring over The Fettesian?I believe it was admitted by Scott
That some of his novels were rot.
How different was he from Lytton
Who admired everything he had written!I do not extenuate Bunyan's
Intemperate use of onions,
But if I knew a wicked agress
I would lend her The Pilgrim's Progress.In later life Methuselah
Became a hopeless foozler.
After he was 765
He practically never hit a decent drive.Insisted Southgate
Manager’s position he’ll not vacate,
I can take the heat from reporters
And the supporters.I regard Zinghis Khan
As rather an over-rated man.
What, after all, could be easier
Than conquering from the Pacific to Silesia?It was a rule of Leonardo da Vinci's
Not to put his trust in princes.
Pleading was of no avail;
They had to pay up on the nail.It was rather disconcerting for Hannibal
When he was introduced to a cannibal
Who expressed the very highest opinion
Of cold pickled Carthaginian.Oh what joy.
A little boy.
Jacob so happy.
A cheerful chappie.John Stuart Mill,
By a mighty effort of will,
Overcame his natural bonhomie
And wrote Principles of Political EconomyRemember Johnny Giles
A player with all the wiles.
In midfield he did scheme:
For Leeds he was a dream.The headstrong Julie,
Was swept off her feet by a Coolie.
The romance was destined to doom
Because Julie would not change her perfume.
Coolie: porterThe legions of Julius Caesar
Marched from the land of leaning tower of Pisa.
First sign of rain
They went home by train.The poet Les Murray
Loves hot curry.
Always recites his sonnet
Wearing a bonnet.Lewis Carroll
Bought sumptuous apparel
And built an enormous palace
Out of the profits of Alice.The incomparable Lisa
Loves a large Pizza,
But due to her incredible will power
She only eats one in an hour.When Robert Lonsdale
Tells a tale.
Each time the ending gets stronger,
But the story gets longer and longer.Robert Lonsdale
Can tell a tale,
But all his words come out
As shout.Louis Dixhuit
Got decidely cold feet
When he heard that the Little Man
Had landed at Cannes.Martin Luther King was not a king.
He did not have horses, a crown, or anything.
He preached a lot and had a dream
Of everybody eating ice cream.
The following poem is in the Clerihew verse-form, which was invented by Edmund Clerihew Bentley, author of Trent’s Last Case, the perfect murder mystery. It consists of two rhymed couplets.  The first couplet usually (can also be the second couplet)   includes the name of a famous person.  The other lines contain a characteristic, real or fictional, of the person.The indestructible Maureen
Could never be described as quite or boring,
When in Billingham she is shouting,
It is heard on Rose berry by those on their outing.Miss Dorothy Sayers
Never cared about the Himalayas.
The height that gave her a thrill
Was Primrose Hill.Once Barry Soetoro
needed gravitas to borrow.
As we all well know
he owes a debt to big-O.Here's a new form of Clerihew,
For Andy Murray who
Won twice at Wimbledon:
The fun has only just begun.Oh Nick Clegg,
Why did you have to beg
For a Tory-led Coalition,
Sending the Lib-Dems into Perdition?No doubt the poet Gray
Was all very well in his way,
But he couldn't write a song
like 'Now We Shan't Be Long.'Old president Bill Clinton
looks at the girls on Clifton,
notices here and there a lady
but does nothing shady.Old Sir Gordon Davy
bought himself an entire navy,
but there was a big commotion
when he tried to get the whole lot in motion.One day the putting of Cotton
Was so indescribably rotten
That H.H. the Sultan of Johore
Beat him by 6 and 4.Paris the lover
Was to discover,
The price for Helen was a poison arrow
To his bone marrow.Inscrutable Paul
Always carries a lump of coal.
Even when he met Tony Blair,
Paul doesn’t care.The Australian poet Les Murray
When in Surry.
Always recites his ballad
Whilst eating salad.Playwright  Mr.Eugene O'Neil
'tis a grand illusion that be the deal
from the limelight under me heel
and 'twas a thing called love I think I feel.'Prime Minster Gordon Brown
Went every in a dress gown
When asked why?
He just waved bye-bye.Rupert of the Rhine
Thought Cromwell was a swine,
And he felt quite sure
After Marston MoorSergio Aguero:
He's my hero.
Title-winner against QPR,
The man sure is a Super Star.'Sir Christopher Wren
Said, 'I am going to dine with some men.
If anyone calls
Say I am designing St. Paul's.'Sir Edward Burne-Jones
Was usually Mistah Bones
And imitated a German taking soup
In the Pre-Raphaelite Minstrel Troupe.Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree
Would never acceot any fee
For singing The wearing of the Green,
Accompanying himself on the tambourine.Sir Humphry Davy
Abominated gravy.
He lived in the odium
Of having discovered sodium.Somebody sent Dean Swift
An ounce of strychnine as a gift.
He took about thirty five minims
While writing about the Houyhnhms.'Steady the Greeks!' shouted Aeschylus.
'We won't let such dogs as these kill us!'
Nothing he thought, could be bizarrer than
The Persians winning at Marathon.The  painter Michaelangelo
Should have done the Sistine al fresco,
Unlike the great Rembrandt
Who worked inside the house of his aunt.
........ ................................................. ..................
July 7,2009 Tarlac City PhilippinesThe Empress Maria Theresa
Had a poodle called Sneezer
Which severely bit
A Prussian from TilsitThe art of Biography
Is different from Geography.
Geography is about maps,
But Biography is about chaps.The one thing Cleopatra
Never could abide was a flatterer.
When Anthony compared her to Thais
She knocked him right of the dais.Thomas Carlyle
Suffered with his bile.
He wrote Sartore Restartus;
But that shan't part us.Tina
Always wanted to be a ballerina.
Rather than move to Argentina
She became a KP cleaner.Dedication to 'The Man who was Thursday'
A cloud was on the mind of men, and wailing went the weather,
Yea, a sick cloud upon the soul when we were boys together.
Science announced nonentity and art admired decay;
The world was old and ended: but you and I were gay;
Round us in antic order their crippled vices came—
Lust that had lost its laughter, fear that had lost its shame.
Like the white lock of Whistler, that lit our aimless gloom,
Men showed their own white feather as proudly as a plume.
Life was a fly that faded, and death a drone that stung;
The world was very old indeed when you and I were young.
They twisted even decent sin to shapes not to be named:
Men were ashamed of honour; but we were not ashamed.
Weak if we were and foolish, not thus we failed, not thus;
When that black Baal blocked the heavens he had no hymns from us
Children we were—our forts of sand were even as weak as we,
High as they went we piled them up to break that bitter sea.
Fools as we were in motley, all jangling and absurd,
When all church bells were silent our cap and bells were heard.
Not all unhelped we held the fort, our tiny flags unfurled;
Some giants laboured in that cloud to lift it from the world.
I find again the book we found, I feel the hour that flings
Far out of fish-shaped Paumanok some cry of cleaner things;
And the Green Carnation withered, as in forest fires that pass,
Roared in the wind of all the world ten million leaves of grass;
Or sane and sweet and sudden as a bird sings in the rain—
Truth out of Tusitala spoke and pleasure out of pain.
Yea, cool and clear and sudden as a bird sings in the grey,
Dunedin to Samoa spoke, and darkness unto day.
But we were young; we lived to see God break their bitter charms.
God and the good Republic come riding back in arms:
We have seen the City of Mansoul, even as it rocked, relieved—
Blessed are they who did not see, but being blind, believed.
This is a tale of those old fears, even of those emptied hells,
And none but you shall understand the true thing that it tells—
Of what colossal gods of shame could cow men and yet crash,
Of what huge devils hid the stars, yet fell at a pistol flash.
The doubts that were so plain to chase, so dreadful to withstand—
Oh, who shall understand but you; yea, who shall understand?
The doubts that drove us through the night as we two talked amain,
And day had broken on the streets e'er it broke upon the brain.
Between us, by the peace of God, such truth can now be told;
Yea, there is strength in striking root and good in growing old.
We have found common things at last and marriage and a creed,
And I may safely write it now, and you may safely read.What I like about Clive
Is that he is no longer alive.
There is a great deal to be said
For being dead.When Alexander Pope
Accidentally trod on the soap
And came down on the back of his head -
Never mind what he said.When Macaulay found Brougham
Sitting on a tomb,
He told his anxious friend
He was meditating on his latter end.When Torquemada
Found a cat in the larder
He relinquished it without a qualm**
To the secular arm.When a photograph of Attila
Appeared in The Tatler
The Huns were all delighted,
And the editor was knighted.When their lordships asked Bacon
How many bribes he had taken
He had at least the grace
To get very red in the face.A depth of feeling within my heart
Is so intense when we are apart
For in my dreams I feel your touch
That I know I long for thee much
Oh how that smile doth beguile me
From lips that whisper I love thee.
Yearn to savour thy tender touch
My dearest I doth love thee much
For moments apart hath told me so
This absence tells me thus I know
Oh how that smile doth beguile me
From lips that whisper I love thee.
I long to be held twixt loving arms
Feeling warmth and sensual charms
One day soon we shall fly together
Raising our spirits on high forever
Oh how that smile doth beguile me
From lips that whisper I love thee.The air is cooling on the evening breeze
A cold beer in the hand a man at ease
He sits alone amid the failing light
His mind drifting to greet the coming night
And on the breeze the hanging bells now chime
Silence lies broken in the sands of time
In music his thoughts may now rest content
For all is done; silent his dreams consent
To dance once more in the poetic muse
As love and words of dreadful news confuse
On paper to form verse written in rhyme
Silence lies broken in the sands of time
by: by Rosalind Brackenbury(after Matthew Arnold)
Tonight over the sea there are small lights,
Cape Town against Table Mountain lying bright
where it is flat against the evening sky
and in the distance a liner passes by
while the surging spray breaks over False Bay,
forevermore on Africa waves toss and play.
The stream of life did into the sea go
with joy, grace and hope in its ebb and flow
but debris, broken pieces are washed ashore
with pollution caught in the breaking roar
while the surging spray breaks over False Bay,
forevermore on Africa waves toss and play.
Stars sparkle and the light wind furls through your hair
while on the beach we are the only pair
and you swear to be true eternally,
a bright beacon in the darkness we see
while the surging spray breaks over False Bay,
forevermore on Africa waves toss and play.
[Reference: “Dover Beach” by Matthew Arnold.]The wings of desire
Mock the azure day-sky
Choosing forged feathers, wrought in celestrial fire
To kiss stars when given it's kiss to fly
Shining down a height which knows no higher
Overwhelming spirits, which within hearts lie
and when, if ever, this light comes to tire
The wistfulness of heaven's caresses soon die
Until falls dusk to the nights highest buyer
Where hearts burn deep and high
and the burning overwhelms, consumes desire
Fearing it's death, inbetween, it's own sweet sighsGive me your hand
Make room for me
to lead and follow
you
beyond this rage of poetry.
Let others have
the privacy of
touching words
and love of loss
of love.
For me
Give me your hand.Local anchors list the ways
viewers might enjoy tomorrow.
One says, "Get some great....", but
that seems like a stretch.
The other snickers, meaning
"Where were you going with that?"
Like you thought
Like you could defend
vanity
in the sense of
idle conceit,
vacuous self-
absorption,
doing whatever
it takes to
whatever
because,
really.
As if to say,
"Conceit
is the vacuum energy."The Grey-beard Winter sat alone and still,
Locking his treasures in the flinty earth;
And like a miser comfortless and chill,
Frown'd upon pleasure and rejected mirth;
But Spring came, gentle Spring, the young, the fair,
And with her smiles subdued his frosty heart,
So that for very joy to see her there,
His soul, relenting, play'd the lover's part;
And nought could bring too lovely or too sweet,
To lavish on the bright Evangel's head;
No flowers too radiant for her tender feet;
No joys too blissful o'er her life to shed.
And thus the land became a Paradise,
A new-made Eden, redolent of joy,
Where beauty blossom'd under sunny skies,
And peaceful pleasure reign'd without alloy.the grandstand
graced with greed
a design of deprivation
a backdropp of betrayal
choreographies of corruption
music of manipulation
and dance of deception
hear the drummings of devilish dreams
and echoes of exploitation
the symphonies of no sympathy
a spectacle of spite
an aura of autocracy
the audience
severely starved, stay stupefied
in the wonderments of woe
tenderly tortured by the thrill
but blissfully blind
innumerable interludes of bad intentions
magical moments of misery
a complete concert of conceit
shall soon reach its curtain callDon't say Sir Pigeon in his cobalt bonnet.
Don't find among your notes
jottings on duvets and blizzards and the page
unwalked across               black missives of girlhood
must be sent off and do not claim the furnace
of the universe is powered by human screams.
When the dark turns dark
or when the bullet lifts a scalp,
it is enough to know the lover feels the slap
that the world can hear the sharp shout
which wakes the cat
her claws one inch from the rabbit's bobbing scut.Lovely kind, and kindly loving,
Such a mind were worth the moving;
Truly fair, and fairly true-
Where are all these, but in you?
Wisely kind, and kindly wise;
Blessed life, where such love lies!
Wise, and kind, and fair, and true-
Lovely live all these in you.
Sweetly dear, and dearly sweet;
Blessed, where these blessings meet!
Sweet, fair, wise, kind, blessed, true-
Blessed be all these in you!listening to all of you
i finally choose not to talk
i travel inward in my blood
running inside my vessels
inside my heart i feel that
i am much better and then
i sit inside my brain still
thinking about so many things
those that i have not ever met
those that i have never for once thought of.
my hands are folded, my feet lotus
i float in the water above the mud.sometimes
you just have to accept that you don't belong
to anyone
or anybody or any group
or society
at first it is
painful to accept
trying to spell out this misery
but then
there is always that
on the other hand
that blessing in disguise
there is peace
in your being you
there is originality
in your journey
now that you are alone
but not really
lonely
lovely
is the scene without any
taint of any one
of them
their shadows
stink and you begin to close
your mouthwhat i have in my hands
are only stones
if you search for more
pebbles
my mind can give you
but first
you must entice me
with a flower in your hand
for you to have stones
that soon will grow you
some leaves of sand
that soon shall show you
how pebbles can be flowers
too
what you have are only
flowers
a little bit lighter than
the twigs of their source
what i have in my hands
are pebble that give us weight
yes, weight is wisdom
and they are all stonesConceit
Head full of air
The man who's robed with it
Flies like a balloon that in time
Will burst.
Copyright© Cynthia Buhain-Baello~~~January 04.2020You are a repulsive child trapped in a tangle of your forebears' filth,
Your own shames were unmasked by a stranger,
A careless past rising as an unheeded warning of your vanities,
You grasp at the toys of others, eagerly dashing them to pieces,
As bespoke by sanguine, yet ironically, you stumble amidst a thicker mist than most,
Dessicated and diseased, you hunch as a spider: stealing, binding, and defiling experiences never meant for you........Time's saved excellently
By being transparent, unswerving
Straigthforward and say
...We want attention.
Copyright ~~~~Cynthia Buhain-Baello~~~~08.10.13as i watch myself
naked before the mirror
taking comfort in
every muscle and
bone that i have
to form this magnificent
body, God's work of art
my temple
my transport to this
place
i feel the greatness of
the Creator
of such beauty
and grace
every woman falls
before my knees
and beg
for pleasureFlashback of witch's trials,
I hear the screams of Satan's child,
While searching for this mangled breed,
I have learned that death runs wild.
Chaos, death, pain, and blood,
Witnessing sanctuary rotting away,
Trapped, enslaved to this satanic flood,
I watch as the meaning of life turns gray.
I walk on the ground deceased,
The soul of death now shatters peace,
My souls is dead, I can't retreat,
I live yet die in conceit.
My thoughts of death, my rights concealed,
The suicide of dead soul thinking,
The séance of my lost soul revealed,
The blood bath of twisted minds I am drinking!Conceit looks at self in magnified ways,
Imagined superiority over nothing.
Arrogant and vain, its reason in disarray
Stands on a pedestal but is shaking.
Empty containers make a lot of noise,
Like heads full of air that produce an echo.
Brains are dull and make the wrong choice,
Fed by drugs and by stuff we all know.
A tree is thus known by the fruit.
It is never assessed by the color.
What deeds a man does is the truth,
Who he is - that's the fact he can't alter.
Copyright © Cynthia Buhain-BaelloIt is conceit that kills us
and makes us cowards instead of gods.
Under the great Command: Know thy self, and that thou art mortal!
we have become fatally self-conscious, fatally self-important, fatally entangled in the Laocoön coils of our conceit.
Now we have to admit we can't know ourselves, we can only know about ourselves.
And I am not interested to know about myself any more,
I only entangle myself in the knowing.
Now let me be myself,
now let me be myself, and flicker forth,
now let me be myself, in the being, one of the gods.Conceit is a weird disease -
Everybody around gets sick
Except the one who carries.'By what I’ve writ still may world's will be lit! '
The witless hope of every hopeless wit.Conceit,
And the explicit unconsciousness of it.
Is not noticed by those seeking adulation.
They are on the scene,
To ensure others are aware of their presence.
And if a bullhorn used is not effective...
Methods to gain attention by insults expressed,
Is the only way they can leave long lasting impressions.
Even though nothing else is left addressed.
Like something valued with substance to profess.
But nothing from their lips,
Probes below a shallowness to expose that kind of 'depth'.I’m liberal to a degree
in a world that cannot be free
of criticism over every step- not even
applause for success, just more to blame
as a consequence.
Slaving away is humanity, the meaning of life
is to work into comatose;
school a playground for the vindictive,
eighteen years wasted- twisted in cruel politics
that act as a veil over the popular press-
‘todays headline; lies.’
‘Affluence’? no, just another brick in the mortar
of a conservative consensus- no such this as labour or liberal views;
just money, twisting the brainwashed
populous- everyone, scholars who no longer exist, wiped
for crimes of thought. The right to speak- wiped.
Why must we slave away?
Money;
the most wicked sanction/invention- equite consolidation.
With the presence of money is the absence of freedom-
‘Pursuit of happiness/The American Dream’
what a joke.She spun a line. She knew he was listening to her.
She spun it and he took the fraying ends.
Whatever she was saying, it was cotton,
Then as he rolled the thread between
Forefinger and thumb it turned to silk,
And as he took the needle up to thread it
The line she spun became thin finest gold.
He knew not to believe her but he took it
Because she kept on spinning like the truth
Was ravelling from her lips; he watched her lips.
Cotton, silk and gold, she wanted him
To take the line and sew the wound right up
Although she held the blade still in her hand
Behind her back, and it was dripping, steaming.
There under his left arm the gash lay open
Like a mouth in disbelief. And he believed her.so i may love you all
God has given me
this handsome face
and beautiful body
that you may kiss
hold and relish
not minding
this inborn conceitWalking feet
along many streets,
many streets of bitterness.
Help she needed,
help she shunned.
Selfish she,
much conceited,
incomplete,
I'll conceived
sickness of the mind.
Defeated within
minds own concepts.
WafBy Stanley Collymore
Death has its own characteristic methods and distinctive
means of doing things and achieving whatever it wants,
and simply doesn't care whether or not its specifically
targeted acquisitions, mutually or else unilaterally
acquired, actually pleases anyone or, more likely
than not, doesn't. So it's utterly pointless then
for any one either to waste time obsessively
conjecturing about the inevitable, stupidly
assume they can indefinitely postpone
the inescapable or, for that matter, deem they're capable
of successfully challenging the unavoidable. Yet the
inevitability of these indisputable truths constantly
fails to register with the coterie of obsessively
grasping, persistently warmongering and the
purblind, lunatic well-heeled class; their
similarly greedy, likeminded, wholly
uncontrolled, unconscionable and
biddable surrogates ceaselessly
ready and willing not only to
indulge but also fervently
implement every aspect
of their demonstrably
odious shenanigans
and the dishonest
artifices which
they forever
safeguard
in mind.
And all this reinforced by the pathetic and toadying actions
of the dim-witted, thoroughly indoctrinated, absolutely
class conscious subjugated, aspirant social climbing
and easily manipulated Plebeian masses, and all of
whom are conjoined in a self-delusional pact that
is patently oblivious to the fact that none of this
either makes any sense whatsoever to rational
human beings, or more profoundly in this
ludicrous equation that's being proffered
that the Grim Reaper whose call it is and always was
doesn't really give a toss what any of these utterly
self-delusional berks are up to when he regards
the time is appropriate to act; and significantly
is also totally aware, even if they aren't, that
there's absolutely nothing any of them or
the wealth which they've vaingloriously
accumulated can do -in terms that are
either clearly implausibly concrete
or plausibly negligible - to stave
off in any conceivable manner
what incontrovertibly will be
for each and every one of
them, and noticeably so,
the closing chapter and,
moreover, a manifestly
for all those involved
in this rather odious
and grasping trend
an ineluctable and
most proper end!
© Stanley V. Collymore
5 January 2016.
Author's Remarks:
Man's inhumanity to man is ever prevalent on a daily basis and money compounded by the obsessive pursuit of it at any cost and no matter who is dismissively and uncaringly trampled over in the process to acquire it and regardless of the means employed to get it, or how many will go hungry, homeless, be abandoned or actually die in self-serving and wholly unwarranted wars to satisfy the incessant avarice of those for whom it's not only their sole raison d'être for existing but also their omnipotent god and just goes to show how deep the abyss of depravity is that now enfolds so many of human kind.
And who in their grotesque and obsessive greed noticeably and unfalteringly conjoined with their purblind stupidity and a shocking proclivity for ceaselessly repeating the same mistakes render them to be nothing more than brainless automatons that don't seem to have even grasped the idea that for all their nefarious schemes and intrigues they've no choice but to exit this world, when the Grim Reaper dispassionately uses his scythe to effectively mow them down, as they initially arrived in it. In other words, with absolutely nothing; for not an iota of what they spent their pathetic lives cruelly and graspingly garnering, to the gross disadvantage of others, can they take with them; and all dead bodies whether of the poor or the rich, unless cremated, ultimately rot and smell the same. Worth thinking about!at the height of your conceit
you even think
that the sun shines only
for you
this morning
well, i cannot blame you
you are the better
poet
in your little corner
and yes, the earth is still the
center of this universe
and all the planets. the moons and that stars
all revolve around
you
mister poet.
i know i miss the sun, and the infinite  voiceless  void
they too bow before your highness
dear poet.This is the darkest night of the centuries, quite dark!
As lights are put out with own hands
Deepened by excessive pollutions
In it frightening the ghostly situations,
Through which eyes hardly can see
Sense hardly can be free;
Some natural fogs and mists also add
But as seasonal fact,
Modern plights are manmade;
From social wilderness screaming is coming
Howling and lamenting spread around,
Ears are about to be deaf
At those painful cries,
Thickened miseries touch the soul
Mortality curses the immortality
Severe vices have been loosed
So the grave sins are sweetened
Modern plights are manmade;
Left, right, respectively all teeth bite the tongue
Left hand blows the right
Left foot chicks the right
Energies get fully weakened,
Mentality, is absolutely damned in silver civilization
Let alone spirituality;
Equity, honesty, sensibility, rationality
Those have been punctured already,
Modern plights are manmade;
Mind wants to go out tearing the body itself
Soul is silent;
Heart wants to stop circulating
Body is silent;
Knowledge is withering away
From fearing of being impure;
Brain demands to be urgent rescued
That minority wants but majority does not,
Modern plights are manmade.
*(This is a Conceit in Stanza)
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 28 December,2017Many are there who seem to be
as a rich jewel in poverty
with golden fruit but without root
and brought to high conceit though mute. - Joshua Aaron GuilloryShowing the sun above our head
"This is our day" you say
"This is quite dark night" I say
As nothing is vivid;
I do not know
How will you take my conceit?
As I see this you
Are still in direct cheat.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │25 January,2018There's a woman in High Street
And they call her Miss Conceit
And because she's a professional this maid
Thinks she really has it made.
She can't boast of comeliness
As she's just a plain looking miss
And she doesn't make men's pulses race
For she doesn't have a pretty face.
Miss Conceit has all but now resigned
To the fact that Mr Right is hard to find
And working class men are not for her
Business tycoons she prefer.
As marriage goes she has one plan
And that's to wed a wealthy man
But wealthy man like to adorn his life
With an attractive looking wife.
Her thirtieth birthday is near
She was twenty nine last year
And she's gone from the girlie stage
Almost thirty years of age.
She must know time is not on her side
Her drawbacks common looks and pride
And with her sort of mentality
A spinster she's destined to be.
For you maid there's a lesson here
Don't place yourself above your peer
Or you could be like Miss Conceit
The future spinster of High Street.He looks so proud with his younger woman walking hand in hand on the street
The macho bloke with the big ego the one known as Mr Conceit
In his mid to his latter fifties his muscles through his tightly fitting shirt bulging out
Broad shouldered he talks rather loudly like a rooster he does strut about.
His woman in her late twenties with brown hair and attractive and to him quite attracted 'twould seem
To be seen out with one young enough to be his daughter is good for his sense of self esteem
And in self esteem he's not lacking about him there is nothing shy
Why older blokes with big egos get younger women about that I do wonder why?
A solidly built greying fellow though not attractive to behold
His grand-daughter in kindergarden she has recently turned five years old
He left his ageing wife to be with the younger woman in her prime a blond local Rose
But as they age women lose their beauty such is life one would have to suppose.
When he's out with his younger woman they stroll on the street hand in hand
That she's an extension of his big ego is not that hard to understand
For egotistical males would not know how to be humble and none more egotistical than he
For he is one by his body language who says you should be looking at me.Make my mouth yours
And place my tongue on
your roof, better to form
my words,
before I speak them in poetry.
So take my thoughts
pressed hot to your ear,
so I can know your one
my self,
and make of me your other.
While my voice, when you
return it,
was hard used, for the better of we."Do nothing
from selfish
ambition or
conceit,
but in
humility
count others
more significant
than yourselves."
(Phil.2: 3 of the New Testament of the Holy Bible) .Oh you of so much self conceit you think that you are great
But with the truly gifted I dare say you do rate
You suffer from a strong dose of too much self esteem
And your ego needs deflating at least that's how 'twould seem.
Oh you with so much self conceit you mistake those with humility
As those who lack in talent or so 'twould seem to me
At your own self promotion you surely do okay
Though empty vessels do make the most noise a wise one once did say.
Oh you so full of ego of you it can be said
That just a little success has gone straight to your head
Than you there are many greater though you don't see it that way
You will not go down in history as the greatest of your day.
Oh you so full of yourself of your success you brag
You surely fit the billing of the arrogant windbag
You are not even the number 1 in your small Country Town
And for you there's a long climb to the summit of renown.Oil and the conceit
I remember a country called Norway
it was not a rich country, but it was socially fair
and had employment for most people and those
who were not employed had a benefit
that kept them afloat until a job came along.
Then oil came along it was a curse the biggest
merchant fleet in the world was flagged out.
The social cohesion tore the rich became richer
the poor left behind in the wake of the disappearing
A fleet of ships. And slowly almost unseen
the NHS service was replaced with private hospitals
and worst of all the people became arrogant
tried to stop migrants they wanted the wealth for
themselves and didn`t see the country was falling
into chasm self-importance, it was not a becoming
sight, luckily, a bit late in the day, people understand
what they have lost, and there are forces who
tries to rein in excess and bring the ship into the right courseBeing human,
we first explained the world
to ourselves via human nature,
based on the observations we'd made
of our own and others' behavior.
The Earth and the Sky,
as entities, mated
thus initiating all of creation.
Completing the personification,
they were given appellations
such as Geb and Nut in Egypt.
In Greece, Gaia and Uranus.
Eventually institutionalized religions,
appropriated pithy, pagan observations
and warped them to suit the tenets
of Over Lords claiming to be agents
of the T.H.E. LORD
in order to continue raping,
not only the people, but the Earth,
to further entrench
their testosterone-driven domination.
Today we self-servingly apply our own motives
to everything we see and hear around us,
the essence of repression and projection.
Sigmund Freud would have been so proud.
This indulgent,
narcissistic fixation
- navel gazing -
is interrupted only
in the face of evidence
of our wish to deny Nature's imprint,
and sever the apron strings/umbilicus
by trying to rise above her,
and since we are OF her,
above ourselves,
which is as impossible
as the epithet anatomical
'Why don't you go f*** yourself'
(But we have done so, have we not?)
pagan - from Latin, 'paganus', a peasant, or countryman
from Latin, 'pagus', district, countryAs It Was, Is and Always Will Be,
So Shall My Daughter Always Be To Me...
Beautiful as she is Kind,
Smart as she is Funny,
Caring as she is Charming,
It's really quite Alarming,
That she can be so Disarming;
Eyes of Brilliance and Unique Delicate Beauty,
Containing a Universe of Hopes, Dreams and Possibility,
So Deep, One Can Barely Conceive of An After,
All in All her Smile is as infectious as Laughter;
Her Humble and Gentle Nature,
Belies the simple Truth of her Exquisite Demeanor,
So know your place and Fall on your Face,
For She is a Lady of Infinite Majesty and Grace;
As It Was, Is and Always Will Be,
So Shall My Daughter Always Be To Me...Pride is a stubborn donkey.
You cannot tame it.
Conceit is a blind buffalo.
You cannot teach it.
Most men ride the cart
Drawn by these two.
06.07.2010It is something i learned as a boy in Millstreet
That pride is a thing that is linked to conceit
Most people in public do like to talk loud
Of the things in life that does make them feel proud
Pride of your country and your national flag
To many these are quite a common brag
Proud of your children and proud of your wife
And proud of your many successes in life
So many others do love to impress
With what to them is their idea of success
Others our praises we love to hear sing
This crave for recognition is a human thing
It is something i learned as a boy in Millstreet
That pride is a thing that is linked to conceit.Self conceit and self love are a different thing
The self conceited expect others their praises to sing
But those who love themselves love other people too
Herein lay the big difference between the two
Self conceited people are of narcisstic kind
Any excuse for to talk of themselves they will find
But self love quite different to conceit very different indeed
For to be a good person self love you do need
As different 'twould seem as a weed to a rose
Just one way to describe them one would have to suppose
Self conceited people of their own lives only wish to hear
That themselves only matter seems obviously clear
But those who love themselves to others love can give
And without self adulation they gladly can live.Take My One Conceit
out of my mouth,
so I may kiss your lips.
And place my tongue upon
your palate, better to form
my words,
Ushered, 'Your each world;
before I speak them of
you, if and when it is poetry.
Take my thoughts
pressed hot to your ear,
so I can know, your the
voice of my one self,
and make me, into you.
While my mind, when you
return it,
was made true,
for the better of being used.The Conceit For Time
February 5, 2020
Time is universal
For the universe, multiverse, superverse
And for its beings and things
But Creator is out of time concerned,
He was, is and shall be forever the same,
He has created time
For the purposes of His entire creations and creatures
To count their ages and lifespan
So, how many years they will last He knows,
As He is the Regulator of all these and time,
He is the Sacred
Free from companion, consumption,
Slumber, sleep, snooze and more
As He is of all's only Creator and Savior,
Time can noway touch Him,
He has created time
For the happiness and sadness of entire creations
In time for their deeds
They shall be partly or fully pleased or sad,
But time can never touch Him.A modern engine goes
As fuel is put
The wheel instantly does continue
Without taking rest,
Without thinking self,
Even for nothing sacrificing life.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │25 January,2018The Conceit//
Razia Pell​
It's only October.
The evening breeze is breathing the chill of winter.
Maple leaves are turning brown.
The flickering of lights from the distant poles are bored like beggars.
The rose-petals are mourning their deaths in the dust.
The earth knows its orbit- the sun seems to be lost...
I have turned my eyes.....the blinds.......
let the stars dance, rejoice and  witness dark blue nights.....Her shoulder length wavy  hair was chestnut brown her eyes blue as the sky
On a clear and sunny day in Summer in the warmth of July
From her Duhallow Village she traveled far away
The former Rose of Cullen where might she be today?
Did she marry bear and raise children or as childless and single did she stay
And does she use anti aging creams and hair dyes for to cover time's decay?
As many aging women do in their battle against time
For beauty it is quick to fade in women past their prime
The former Rose of Cullen in her prime was lovely to behold
She would now be in her early seventies one could say getting old
In my memory she remains young and i picture her again
Walking hatless in the Village her brown hair blowing in the wind and rain
She left her Duhallow Village to live in the U S A
When the hawthorns of the hedgerows wore their white blooms of the May
The former Rose of Cullen free of conceit and guile
A beautiful young woman she did have a lovely smile.If you are someone who WON'T compromise values,
Then tell me my friend how this makes you a saint?
For Bible, the Holy Book, you claim to worship,
Proclaims to the faithful that we all have taint!
Humility, brother love, mark of a Christian,
If you're sure you're in the right how is that you?
And different ideas suggest something's fuzzy,
If you won't discuss them, you're no brother too.
Hypocrisy always the mark of the fallen
And judgement temptation of devil himself,
Though sad, disagreement with brother, not world's end
And compromise good way to move off the shelf.
Could Tea Party leaders be truly satanic?
Self-justification can send you to Hell,
Our take on the Bible can never be Gospel
And questioning God sign you're faithful as well!
The Bible says faith is the stairway to heaven
But claims you've no doubts suggest your faith is dead!
God's Grace is not earned but the gift of Christ Jesus
Your pride in His gift must not go to your head.
Long Tooth
July 16,2016Prometheus when firste frome heaven hye
He broughte downe fyre, 'ere then on earthe not seene,
Fond of Delight, a Satyre standing bye
Gaue it a kyss, as it lyke Sweete had bene.
Feelinge forthewithe the other's burninge powre,
Wood withe the smarte, with shoutes and shreakinge shrill,
He soughte his ease in river, feilde and bowre,
But for the tyme his griefe wente with him still.
So seelye I, with that unwonted syghte
In humane shape, an angell from above,
Feedinge mine eyes, th'impressione there did lyghte,
That since I reste and runn as pleaseth Love.
The difference is, the Satyre's lypps, my harte,--
He for a tyme, I evermore,--have smarte.
Finis.Yours own hands once loved me
Cared of me
Fed me
Took me walking to ever green path
In life I found a great rath;
Why are those now keeping me far?
Torturing me more
Throwing me to your hands made fire,
I don't know where to go
Leaving my homeland printed my toe;
I am afraid of those hands will kill me
Will cut me
Will tear me
In your hands made artificial hell
Beside your so called prayer hall.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 10/06/2017The faces that remind Creator
Strengthen conceit of belief
No other but of truth
No other but of nature
No other but of creatures
No other but of mankind.Hindi Original~
Goree soye sej pe, mukh pe daare kes
Chal Khusro ghar aapne, rain bhayi chaudes
Translation:
On bed the fair one is asleep,
Her face her tresses cover;
Go your home, O Khusro, now
Night has fallen all over.
...To meet, to know, to love--and then to part,
Is the sad tale of many a human heart.A Love Couplet
To my beloved wife
By midnight, I reach for your body
Warm flesh makes my heart very happy
NHIEN NGUYEN MD
6/19/2020
Below is the Vietnamese poem by NHIEN NGUYEN MD
LỤC BÁT TÌNH YÊU
Nửa đêm tay với ôm người
Thịt da em ấm thỏa lòng anh vui
NHIEN NGUYEN MD
6/19/2020earth connections, disintegrate
soul connections, reintegrate
24dec2009
04.40hrsin thoughts of you, peace found
in surrender, bliss unbound...
21dec2009
11.57hrskarmic connect, loan brought forward
cosmic connect, deposit fixed
29dec2009
12.07hrsAncient civilizations, ancient illustrations
Deserve exception making phenomenon
In same way surprise us at present even
Thousands years gone humans became.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza |08/04/2017Though the attackers are many in number
The escaper is courageous and clever
So the attackers have failed to harm that
The escaper has befooled them in fact
Though the danger is dense and severe
The Strategic Manager is called the Savior.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza |11/8/2016Now neighbors are too far
And have closed the door
So there is a tone of horror
Echoing no more, no more
Day passes hour by hour
But night passes with fear.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 11/27/2016Fire is empowered to burn
The things come in relation,
But the wise keep themselves
Far from fiery evil occurrence,
And if fire burns anywhere
To extinguish they hurry there.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza |2/14/2017If patriotism really is in brain and mind
All superstitions, crimes instantly go out
Let's grow there the great patriotic zeal
And we do never ourselves lively kill
Real patriotism makes us really great
Fake one makes narrow and hypocrite.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 11/7/2016Beauty, beauty, beauty and beauty is everywhere
But real beauty is very rare
And spiritual beauty is with some counted people
Observation and survey are though personal
Are hundred percent practical
Now in this modern human world.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 09/29/2017Black And White (Couplet)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
As pen and paper have come
Black and white I do begin.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │13 April,2018Coal Carrying Train (Couplet)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Coal carrying train
Looks like drain,
Goes through town
Field and village lane.Couplet - 101
May 21, 2019
True color has colored me
Colored more I no need to be,
Being colored by true color
Glowed path is by shinig star.Over the foggy mountain the eagle is howling
Neither earth nor life is visible.Ghosts are many in the stories
But quite rare in realities,
Yet children are afraid of those
Cry at night dreams sometimes.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │29 January,2018Couplet And Hymn For Real Love
21 December, 2018
Real love for life does as survival
because it is immortal,
Death of body can't cause it dead
being mol of soul it does wait.Couplet For How Things Going
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Things going are not good
What are you doing mankind?Couplet For Loveless Heart
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
A loveless heart is nothing but
A barren land cursed by desert.Couplet For My Pet
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
My pet
Baby cat.Couplet For Name And Deeds
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Name bears nothing
If deeds do not bear good doing.Couplet For Nature
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Nature is laughing under ever blue sky
With lives, green plants, mountains high.The beasts terribly howl, roar, run and jump for any prey
The jungle increases unknown and unseen fear and worry.Make fair friend and friendship
Avoid the curse of lonely life.After coming out of our mother's womb
We meet one another on the way to tomb,
Our these meetings affect us fully in fact
To make us permanently happy or sad.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 2 November,2017C-ouplet
O-de
U-ses
N-o
T-irade
E- xpressing
E-xcellent
C-omment
U-nder
L-ovely
L-ines
E-rasing
N-egativity< br>
Topic: Poet (Countee Cullen)
Form: Vertical MonocrosticAs the sky my air is now blue
Brain-mate attached as super glueOh Khusrau, the river of love runs in strange directions.
One who jumps into it drowns, and one who drowns, gets across.
1
The creaking of the chain of Majnun is the orchestra of the lovers,
To appreciate its music is quite beyond the ears of the wise.
2
If I cannot see her, at least I can think of her, and so be happy;
To light the beggar's hut no candle is better than moonlight.
3
My heart is a wanderer in love, may it ever remain so.
My life's been rendered miserable in love, may it grow more and more miserable.
4
People think they are alive because they have soul in them,
But I am alive because I have love in myself,
And I'm a martyr due to the beloved's affliction,
(for, to a lover, nothing is dearer than
the affliction brought forth by the beloved) .
5
My beloved speaks Turkish, and Turkish I do not know;
How I wish if her tongue would have been in my mouth.
6
Old age and lovemaking do not go together;
But O Khusrau, you still remain a proof against this reasoning.
7
If there is a paradise on earth,
It is this, it is this, it is this
8
You look sleepless, in whose embrace did you pass the night;
Your intoxicated eye has still the signs of tipsiness.
9
The dust of your doorstep is just the right thing to apply,
If Surmah (kohl powder)   does not show its beauty in the eye!
10
How can her eyes reflect any sympathy, with my night-long wakefulness?
For she herself knows of nothing, in the night, except sleeping.
11
I have become you, and you me, I am the body, you soul;
So that no one can say hereafter, that you are someone, and me someone else.तेरे नयनों में मुझको, मेरी तस्वीर दिखती है
तभी तो तुझको मै खुद से परे होने नहीं देता
जब तू प्यार से मुझ को 'सनम' कह के बुलाती है
अपने सारे ग़मों और थकन को मैं भूल जाता हूँThe moon shines so bright at night
then dissolves at mournings lightC-ouplet
R-hyme
I-s
S-ent
T-o
E-xp ress
T-he
A-crostic
S-tyle
A-s
B-eholders
A-llow
L-ovely
O-de
T opic: Birthday of Cristeta E. Sabalo (June 27)
Form: Vertical MonocrosticDetermined For Doing Good - Heroic Couplet
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Not to do it you deter my mind
But to do it I am determined,
As I am aged enough to understand
What is right and what is wrong,
I know my body and soul well
So I am doing for both the poles.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │13 April,2018Guava tree can never produce apple
And for apple tree producing guava is impossible.This is a path
That is another path.Written in gold
I forgot the one
The other said
“Crime is the expression
Of the wishes of many”
Islamabad
18/2/2010Why do you pour hemlock in my cup?
Why do you threaten me of death?
I am not the philosopher Socrates
I am the good one of your soulmates,
I will show you the right opinion, path
You will get light in the deepest dark.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 14 November,2017Emotion And Motion - Couplet
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Emotion always causes motion
Results in promotion or demotion.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │11 April,2018Through the window I see that
You are walking your endless path,
None is with you to walk or direct
Involving in nothing they are losing it,
Their pale, aimless future is waiting
To engulf them in the hole of time.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza| 21 November,2017A Modern Talking Bird
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
A modern talking bird
Is Bri Edwards,
How much he talks! And is too hot! !
But these traits will help him to write
Some big books
With his wife,
I am sure
About everybody will wonder
For these will be so super
In words, similes, imageries, metaphors
In meaning, rhyming and verses
And I will be one of these buyers.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │2 April,2018Heroic Couplet For Butterfly
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Flapping your multi-colorful, soft wings
Dividing some gentle, whispering winds
O, butterfly! Heavenly butterfly! !
You do not fly towards the far blue sky,
But sit on fragrant petals of flower
For kissing and drinking luscious nectar.Let's face the plight
Verily manmade,
And do for nation
During degradation,
And protect its ruins
During war and chaos.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 30 October,2017Heroic Couplet For Life And Death Are The Two Aspects
February 3, 2020
Life after its birth walks onto the earth
After walking death takes it into grave,
Life and death really what a climax!
This term often makes one what a perplex!
I said to you in earth in very short,
You say to others here in proper length.Heroic Couplet For Modern City
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
They show me this is the modern city
But I see is without heart as no tree,
Seen luxuriously they have built it
But captive life they generally lead,
In it very little what they enjoy
The more really what they do destroy.Heroic Couplet For Poor Advice
11 December, 2018
As the light already has gone so out
So, our every rooms here have been dark quite,
Now, let us first we discover the light
Then seeing everything we can just start,
Whatever we do like and want to do
Whoever we like and want to help, too.Heroic Couplet For Right Path And Light
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
The light is opposite to any dark
Unfortunately many cannot mark,
This light from the source will timely appear,
If the right path becomes completely clear,
This right path is always obstacle free,
Spotless and straight and all of the curves free.Heroic Couplet For The Mind Of Hypocrite
January 29, 2019
Mind of hypocrite is a burning hell
Please, be aware of that o, dear people,
It wants whole world to turn into big hell
Where mankind shall be ever born devil
And only shall commit crimes forever
By whom Satan is quite defeated here.Heroic Couplet For The Share Of Love
June 11, 2019
With love in the world the creatures come
And firstly they get it from their dear mom,
Then, in time helplessness is overcome
Getting both reliance and love from Him,
In society social touch eases
To obtain much love from other sources.Heroic Couplet For The Universe Around
December 10, 2019
Our living country, world and universe
Less of those total three is known to us,
Sometimes we compare family to world
For example the universe is good,
But its dimension is so much and vast!
For brain it's difficult to understand.Heroic Couplet For This Winter Loves Us
March 17, 2019
This misty winter isn't ready to pass
Leaving our nice and luxurious house,
Leaving the warm of our blankets and wool
Leaving our joy and enjoyment, at all;
Leaving us fully healthy and active
Leaving us for all the tasks and deeds fit.Night falls
Day flees,
No one can catch other
As both go forever,
They help us to guess
Time only does pass.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │11 January,2018Who stop bursting an atom bomb?
A bit of sense from the brain,
Who help bursting an atom bomb?
A bit of sense from the same brain,
Good answer to the good question
You are really the brilliant of the situation.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza |12/10/2016New anthropophagous are now living
Where modern civilization is acting,
The anthropophagous are burning
To eat the innocent human beings
A few are protesting and lamenting
But to burn and eat many are helping.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza |05/24/2017As you see there is a great fall
Let love stretch its hands being universal
Let us love each other and all,
It has a great power see you will
Under one condition is that it must be real
Then we all will laugh you as well.
Muzahidul Reza
© CopyrightHeroic Couplet Form On Mending Self
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
▐
Living in the earth you are always dreamt
In the extra light, heavy merriment,
Then you are in the over ecstasy
Have been unnecessarily busy,
So, now you have no such extra moment
Even after analyzing self count. [iambic form]
▐▐
Hold and halt
The increasing fault,
Amend right now
You are only you,
And step the right path
Along with truth.[modern form]
▐▐▐
Now the time is
And that will come thus,
You will see surely
No one helps truly,
This world is cruel place
For a moment it is.[modern form]
▐▐▐▐
So this moment
For self you do spend,
Mending your mind
Mending your faith,
Along with worldly working
Along with mending.[modern form]
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 10/06/2017(Heroic Couplet On Xanadu)
Xanadu where the best is equity
As it is a place of beauty,
I am of a peace loving people here
Happy in its pure atmosphere,
All are the honest living here
With whom I have friendship in fair.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 28 October,2017(Heroic Couplet On Zenith And Beneath)
By this time you should have been at zenith,
But unfortunately you are at beneath,
You are defeated for your deeds;
Whose deeds defeat themselves
None and nothing can then up them raise
With no question and no surprise.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 28 October,2017Best you do say
Copying you show,
Destructive everything you do
Especial yet you are known to.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza |08/13/2017In each human body cage
There lives a savage
Equivalent to a ferocious beast
So in the cage lives it,
Should always be tied with shackle
So that it never can do any trouble.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 09/10/2017Dreams are visions of beautiful images;
Nightmares are of horror beyond all gauges.By your land I reside
From your food I eat,
I lay egg and rear kid
Protector is my God,
I have no a thought
I am your familiar bird.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza | 17 November,2017Love for the country if is in my heart
No corruption can anyway touch blood;
In life it is one of the sacred terms
If I love my country no one can harm;
Corruption and patriotism vary
Every inch; so, mind! No hypocrisy.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 10 June,2018The more ways I find to express my love,
The more I love you, and the better for love,
And more: What more than seek such ways to it;
Expressing love (and therefore to do it) .
And if my love should make me false I would,
For better no false-love than mere falsehood.
How then is love (which others call)   more proved
Than mine is? And not merely false-love's truth?
Where love's logic meets between false or not
No arguments have heard but have forgot
That love is truth - and none is love more false
Than proof; So this I swear on life and pulse:
That infinite love's true call expresses
Love is something more than proof professes.
-September 20 2005Close and far staying they are
In the earth here,
I know their behavior
I inform them every hour,
I do my duty
But neither have they changed nor do their responsibility.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 14 December,2017Music In The Air (Heroic Couplet)
January 16, 2019
Usually without tools what I hear
Around me is the music in the air,
Truth truly and everywhere it does bear
So in heart, in mind, in brain I do share,
With the proper muse of heavenly care
With the proper muse of heavenly fair.This flower is in my garden, too,
But I don't know what it is. Do you?Here is Mystery Flower Three.
Can you identify it for me?Hardly a man is still alive
Who can identify flower five.So show us now your best of tricks
And solve our mystery flower six.It is related to peas and beans
And native to the Philippines.Priceless flower in any state;
Here is mystery number eight.This time it's much more difficult, you see?
This time you must identify all three.Although it seems at first absurd,
This flower's called part of a bird.Years change in nature
Nature changes its colors,
Humans have no change
They only get failures
Worshipping greed, envy, enmity
Hatred, wrath and bestiality.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 11 December,2017More they want to remove darkness
More the darkness does approach,
More they want to mitigate chaos
More the chaos messes all in dense.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │8 February,2018Your preparation
Your meditation,
Your prayer and admiration
Your spirituality and salvation,
Your contemplation
Your devotion and promotion.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 16 December,2017Now problem is no problem
But no problem is problem.
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │ 16 December,2017Scientists of weapons! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Weapons of destructions! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Destructions of humans! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Destructions of societies, civilizations! ! ! !
How they are humans! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
How they are humans! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Copyright © Muzahidul Reza │20 April,2018In eyes as clear as glass I see
That wisdom of love is for me
To hold in time and cherish much
Lovely emotions: hugs, and such.
The simple things like honey bees
Know best to heed brother’s pleas
When unfortunate is the fate,
