High-rise feelings walk in the morning
Southern tempest smells reminiscence
Mind opens the memory-card mutely
Audio-visual art exhibition opens gallery.
Colors march on the parade ground
Sky knows every cool happening
How zero hikes to the region of infinity
Disposable coffee-cup cries at night.
Love runs million kilometers daily
On the highway some nameless zero
Blooms like star within unknown infinity
Unseen sea-green fire set heart on love.
Poem 16
Book 'Firefly Can't Make a Day' February 2008
Copyright Writer
Rhythm Publishers, Dhaka, Bangladesh
ISBN 984-8319-63-8Dreaming of the man with beautiful green eyes,
I dream of me sleeping in his arms where I lie,
His breath on my skin his body clenched with mine,
The taste of his kiss is sweeter than wine,
I look up at the man with beautiful green eyes,
Forever in his arms is where I shall lie,
My body underneath wrapped around his,
As I think to myself ‘it can’t get any better than this’,
He whispers of love so tenderly in my ears,
That I look up at him and forget all my fears,
Knowing this moment wasn’t made on a whim,
I feel beautiful and safe when I’m with him,
I’m safe and warm in his arms where I lie,
When I’m with the man, with beautiful green eyes.Ages ago,
he converted
to envy
An endlessly renewable fuel
for internal combustionmId-solVed ANti-mass
green beaver’s apPArition
sadly GONe bOVidOne Sunday morning I hurried on my way
And I arrived at my church ready to worship and pray
Then I saw a girl with blue-green hair
She walked away, not welcome there
I could see the tears falling down her face
I realized that I didn’t want to be in such a place
I looked at myself in my dress so neat
And then at the girl in her jeans and dusty bare feet
“Don’t be sad because you were turned away
We’ll find us a church where we both can stay”
With a smile on my face, I took her hand
And we both walked away from my church so grand
Soon a small wooden building I chanced to see
A young man smiled and greeted both her and me
The doors I saw were thrown open wide
“There’s a place for you both just right inside”
So many different people all worshipping the Lord
And the truth being preached straight from His Word
A place was found for us side by side
Welcomed by His love that we often hide
Let all church doors be thrown open wide
And all who approach be welcomed inside
Whether it be a woman with a refined air
Or a barefoot girl with blue-green hairNot, exactly, green:
closer to bronze
preserved in kind brine,
something retrieved
from a Greco-Roman wreck,
patinated and oddly
muscular. We cannot
know what his fantastic
legs were like--
though evidence
suggests eight
complexly folded
scuttling works
of armament, crowned
by the foreclaws'
gesture of menace
and power. A gull's
gobbled the center,
leaving this chamber
--size of a demitasse--
open to reveal
a shocking, Giotto blue.
Though it smells
of seaweed and ruin,
this little traveling case
comes with such lavish lining!
Imagine breathing
surrounded by
the brilliant rinse
of summer's firmament.
What color is
the underside of skin?
Not so bad, to die,
if we could be opened
into this--
if the smallest chambers
of ourselves,
similarly,
revealed some sky.Today I saw the first small signs
of Mother Natures Spring Designs.
Some tiny leaves of tender green
against the bare twigs to be seen.
The hedgerows will be clad anew.
Though it will take a week or two.
We will say goodbye to winters reign
and welcome back the spring again.
The sun grows stronger day by day
and blue replaces skies of grey.
My old bones will appreciate
the warmth although they’ll have to wait
A little longer for relief
I am quite sure it will be brief.
24-Feb-08Yet the golden bell
when tune wakes up from the sorrow
as inspiring by the hope of tomorrow
the dream when jingles by the green
the graceful glow
when painted by the rays of rainbow
when unseen into the folds of the cloud
the morning as delightful by the mirror
searching upon the milieu
the gleeful flairs as glazed
when delved out from the crowd deep
as shimmering across the moon
when untouched even by the rain
the mute voices when besotted
by the cuckoo’s song
the breath slithers one after the other
the dream onto the hope unexhausted
by the quests and queries
for the musk to follow
still we move by the passion
pattens never seem to be of your ownBefore the first ray of sunlight
on a frosty winter morn.
The frost has hazed the windows
to a feature of lands
long before our life began.
To the time when dragons ruled the world
with their hot breath and thunderous roars.
However, the gods were not happy
with their chosen rulers
and banished them away.
The crown they then handed to man
in hope for a better job done.
Since then man has ruined
everything his eyes gazed on.
Therefore, like the dragons of long ago,
the gods may decide in time
to banish man as well.
Returning this planet
to the lush green garden
that it used to be.Across the green fields
Up on the bluffs
High into the sky
A place I didn’t realize existed
Montana
Yes green
Once in a drought
It now is green from pounding rain.
God’s country again
It looks like a different place
No brown desert prairies
No desolate fields
It’s green now
A beautiful velvety green.All that's in green
And between
Now yellow ways
That I have seen
Leaves of brown
In the town
And streets of gray
In winter's gown
Full of dappled dreams
And gloomy beams
Of its dark mood
In nocturnal seams
Echoing in the city
All its glisten tidy
Of the rimes intrude
Glowing so witty
Hard in its shell
And whitish soft spell
Of little silvery star
Mirroring well
Now is time for gold
Light of twinkling hold
For the times are
Gifts from paper unfoldNot "a youth with hoary head and haggard eye,"
But an old man with a smooth skin
And black hair!
I had the face of a boy as long as I lived,
And for years a soul that was stiff and bent,
In a world which saw me just as a jest,
To be hailed familiarly when it chose,
And loaded up as a man when it chose,
Being neither man nor boy.
In truth it was soul as well as body
Which never matured, and I say to you
That the much-sought prize of eternal youth
Is just arrested growth.It was on Kerrydale Street that I did meet
A pretty young girl from Dublin Town,
This Irish colleen was dressed in green
She was in Glasgow to visit the Holy Ground.
I asked her, her name before the start of the game
As we both entered through Parkhead’s turnstiles,
Her name was Shannon, like the river in Ireland,
As I shook her hand and gave her a smile.
In the Jock Stein Stand, all the Celtic fans
Stood to applaud the Celts onto the park,
I looked for Shannon as she cheered on Neil Lennon,
As her Celtic shirt had Lennon 18 on the back.
When the game was done and the Celtic had won
I walked her up Janefield Street back into the city centre,
And we went for a jar at a local Celtic bar,
Mines was a Guinness as she drank a pint of cider.
We drank all night wearing our green & white
For the next morning she was returning home to Dublin,
She scribbled her home number on my cigarette packet
As she boarded a bus leaving Buchanan Street bus station.
For the rest of the season she would travel over from Dublin
Outside the Brazen Head pub we would meet,
And now, my bags are packed, with 200 fags,
As I am marrying Shannon, in Dublin next week.
Sept’12th 2005As through the wild green hills of Wyre
The train ran, changing sky and shire,
And far behind, a fading crest,
Low in the forsaken west
Sank the high-reared head of Clee,
My hand lay empty on my knee.
Aching on my knee it lay:
That morning half a shire away
So many an honest fellow's fist
Had well-nigh wrung it from the wrist.
Hand, said I, since now we part
From fields and men we know by heart,
For strangers' faces, strangers' lands,--
Hand, you have held true fellows' hands.
Be clean then; rot before you do
A thing they'll not believe of you.
You and I must keep from shame
In London streets the Shropshire name;
On banks of Thames they must not say
Severn breeds worse men than they;
And friends abroad must bear in mind
Friends at home they leave behind.
Oh, I shall be stiff and cold
When I forget you, hearts of gold;
The land where I shall mind you not
Is the land where all's forgot.
And if my foot returns no more
To Teme nor Corve nor Severn shore,
Luck, my lads, be with you still
By falling stream and standing hill,
By chiming tower and whispering tree,
Men that made a man of me.
About your work in town and farm
Still you'll keep my head from harm,
Still you'll help me, hands that gave
A grasp to friend me to the grave.Being Young and Green, I said in love's despite:
Never in the world will I to living wight
Give over, air my mind
To anyone,
Hang out its ancient secrets in the strong wind
To be shredded and faded—
Oh, me, invaded
And sacked by the wind and the sun!Lying within the soft waxy grass,
My eyes gently close.
I think of us beneath the trees,
Beneath the dark green grove.
Right here, right now’s where I want to be.
With your arms around me tight,
And the feel of the summer breeze,
And the coming of the humid night.
Not thinking of dreary autumn,
Or when you finally go.
Not thinking of the cold winter,
Or the white frozen snow.
Only thinking of this time with you,
And the perfect ness of this day.
Only thinking of you and your memorizing beauty,
But not when you go away.
I open my eyes and you’re almost real,
In this daydream of mine.
Of course your not really here,
Which makes me go back to the time.
I lay with you in the soft waxy grass,
While my eyelids gently close.
I think of us beneath the trees,
Beneath the dark green grove.A racist who was loud and mean
arrived with buddies on the scene.
They pointed fingers at the Black
and then prepared for an attack.
The black boy asked why they would pick
to beat and torture with a stick
a little boy who'd done no wrong
the racist said 'you look like Kong.
'It is the colour that we hate
that's why we now will beat you, mate.'
The fellow pleaded, 'don't be mean,
I think I am a shade of green.'
The racists, though, yelled, 'never mind,
we're white and also colourblind.'What comes to my mind when I see a green wall?
A green wall reminds me of the grass so green
And the emerald most rarely seen
A green wall reminds me of the leaves so green
And a forest where I have never been
A green wall reminds me of trees with a lot of shade
And the fresh vegetables kept for trade.
What comes to my mind when I see a blue wall?
It reminds me of the sea so blue
I feel like jumping in it too
A blue wall reminds me of the blue sky
You can’t touch it cause it’s very high
A blue wall reminds me of the deep blue bear
It is very dangerous so beware
A blue wall reminds me of a blue whale
To reach it from the shore you have to sail.NOT alone those camps of white, O soldiers,
When, as order'd forward, after a long march,
Footsore and weary, soon as the light lessen'd, we halted for the
night;
Some of us so fatigued, carrying the gun and knapsack, dropping
asleep in our tracks;
Others pitching the little tents, and the fires lit up began to
sparkle;
Outposts of pickets posted, surrounding, alert through the dark,
And a word provided for countersign, careful for safety;
Till to the call of the drummers at daybreak loudly beating the
drums,
We rose up refresh'd, the night and sleep pass'd over, and resumed
our journey,
Or proceeded to battle.                                            10
Lo! the camps of the tents of green,
Which the days of peace keep filling, and the days of war keep
filling,
With a mystic army, (is it too order'd forward? is it too only
halting awhile,
Till night and sleep pass over?)
Now in those camps of green--in their tents dotting the world;
In the parents, children, husbands, wives, in them--in the old and
young,
Sleeping under the sunlight, sleeping under the moonlight, content
and silent there at last,
Behold the mighty bivouac-field, and waiting-camp of all,
Of corps and generals all, and the President over the corps and
generals all,
And of each of us, O soldiers, and of each and all in the ranks we
fought,                                                      20
(There without hatred we shall all meet.)
For presently, O soldiers, we too camp in our place in the bivouac-
camps of green;
But we need not provide for outposts, nor word for the countersign,
Nor drummer to beat the morning drum.HIS DREAM
I SWAYED upon the gaudy stem
The butt-end of a steering-oar,
And saw wherever I could turn
A crowd upon a shore.
And though I would have hushed the crowd,
There was no mother's son but said,
'What is the figure in a shroud
Upon a gaudy bed?'
And after running at the brim
Cried out upon that thing beneath
-- It had such dignity of limb --
By the sweet name of Death.
Though I'd my finger on my lip,
What could I but take up the song?
And running crowd and gaudy ship
Cried out the whole night long,
Crying amid the glittering sea,
Naming it with ecstatic breath,
Because it had such dignity,
By the sweet name of Death.It’s matter of fact that earth is going green,
From major corporations to the fluorescent household light bulb,
To the way of life that is to be seen,
After death going green is already in progress for funeral parlors in the UK,
And that is a hit,
- it’s the rage,
Cardboard coffins, clothes sewn from natural fibers, a burial plot in a natural setting.
Green funerals attempt to be eco-friendly at every stage.
It makes a terrific do-it-yourself project,
To have one built from designer cardboard,
-sewn paper bags I would reject,
On ones pocket book that should be breather,
'The trouble is, they are a bit ungainly to use, ' said Oakfield Wood burial ground director Oliver Peacock. 'They're not terribly easy to handle and if it's wet, they don't look their best either.'
Better than being forced to give up one’s life,
To be made into some kind of multi-biochemical compound,
To make the survivors at ease with their strife,
Your last moments so serene,
To Go Soylent Green.
(4-20-08)'Nothing gold can stay'
You said...'but why? '
'It's nature's way'
(My weak reply) .
Gold yields to green
For green lives long
Yet burns to gold
At Autumn's songDoes anyone eat green bananas?
then why have them in the stores?
By the time you think of eating one ripe!
they're full of fruit flies, in the hundreds or maybe more!
My husband loves green bananas
he says, cause they're solid and much more flavorful.
I think they taste kind of green and bitter
with every green and bitter mouthful!
I wonder if monkeys eat them green?
Or do they also wait until they're ripe?
Just peeling them when they're green
leaves those long stringy things of white!
I've taken to freezing mine now
in plastic bags, for my daily protien shakes!
Now I don't have to worry about the ones that turn black!
From the green ones that I wouldn't take!I prefer red chile over my eggs
and potatoes for breakfast.
Red chile ristras decorate my door,
dry on my roof, and hang from eaves.
They lend open-air vegetable stands
historical grandeur, and gently swing
with an air of festive welcome.
I can hear them talking in the wind,
haggard, yellowing, crisp, rasping
tongues of old men, licking the breeze.
But grandmother loves green chile.
When I visit her,
she holds the green chile pepper
in her wrinkled hands.
Ah, voluptuous, masculine,
an air of authority and youth simmers
from its swan-neck stem, tapering to a flowery collar,
fermenting resinous spice.
A well-dressed gentleman at the door
my grandmother takes sensuously in her hand,
rubbing its firm glossed sides,
caressing the oily rubbery serpent,
with mouth -watering fulfillment,
fondling its curves with gentle fingers.
Its bearing magnificent and taut
as flanks of a tiger in mid-leap,
she thrusts her blade into
and cuts it open, with lust
on her hot mouth, sweating over the stove,
bandanna round her forehead,
mysterious passion on her face
as she serves me green chile con carne
between soft warm leaves of corn tortillas,
with beans and rice–her sacrifice
to here little prince.
I slurp form my plate
with last bit of tortilla, my mouth burns
and I hiss and drink a tall glass of cold water.
All over New Mexico, sunburned men and women
drive rickety trucks stuffed with gunny sacks
of green chile, from Belen, Beguita, Wllard, Estancia,
San Antonio y Socorro, from fields
to roadside stands, you see them roasting green chile
in screen-sided homemade barrels, and for a dollar a bag,
we relive this old, beautiful ritual again and again.On green days or blue days
how easy it is to talk with you
to fill our ears with vocal sumptuousness
and our hearts with delicious laughter
sharing secrets only we can understand.
So easy to talk with you
no matter where the body is
the mind can be elsewhere
(we can pick up where we left off
or leave off where we can pick up) .
There is no beginning and no end.
Only, the comfortable...now.I hate him,
As I hate Hell and all it’s devils.
I hate him for being better than me,
I hate him for being better than everyone I know,
And I hate him because he is with you.
Why you chose him,
I don’t know.
I have known you for years,
I have told you I love you for years,
I have done nothing but show you my love for years
But you choose him.
You are so beautiful,
And he is so ugly,
You are so elegant,
And he is so common,
You are so perfect,
And he is so flawed.
I will make you see,
That he isn’t good enough for you,
I will make you see,
That I am good for you,
I will make you see,
If I can’t have you,
No man can.
© Charlie F. Kane
25/2/06Green-Eyed Suicide
With life such a blur
Wrists scarred from back to front
This is the life for her
This Green-Eyed Suicide
So beautiful as she breaks
Hurting so much more
With every smile she fakes
Shes feeling like shes lost
There is no other way out
Lately its only suicide
Thats all she thinks about
Covered up in bruises
From the parents who should love
The ones who should hold her
But never show a gentle touch
Alone as far as she can tell
She only has her best friend
Though she thinks no one loves her
And is determined this is the end
She doesn't know I love her
She doesn't know how much I care
Now she never will
For she is hanging there
I wish I could've saved her
Before her days were through
She was my best friend
And I gave the only love she knew
Now she lies so lifeless
So beautiful through my tear-stung eyes
She was everything to me
And now she is a Green-Eyed SuicideBy this part of the century few are left who believe
in the animals for they are not there in the carved parts
of them served on plates and the pleas from the slatted trucks
are sounds of shadows that possess no future
there is still game for the pleasure of killing
and there are pets for the children but the lives that followed
courses of their own other than ours and older
have been migrating before us some are already
far on the way and yet Peter with his gaunt cheeks
and point of white beard the face of an aged Lawrence
Peter who had lived on from another time and country
and who had seen so many things set out and vanish
still believed in heaven and said he had never once
doubted it since his childhood on the farm in the days
of the horses he had not doubted it in the worst
times of the Great War and afterward and he had come
to what he took to be a kind of earthly
model of it as he wandered south in his sixties
by that time speaking the language well enough
for them to make him out he took the smallest roads
into a world he thought was a thing of the past
with wildflowers he scarcely remembered and neighbors
working together scything the morning meadows
turning the hay before the noon meal bringing it in
by milking time husbandry and abundance
all the virtues he admired and their reward bounteous
in the eyes of a foreigner and there he remained
for the rest of his days seeing what he wanted to see
until the winter when he could no longer fork
the earth in his garden and then he gave away
his house land everything and committed himself
to a home to die in an old chateau where he lingered
for some time surrounded by those who had lost
the use of body or mind and as he lay there he told me
that the wall by his bed opened almost every day
and he saw what was really there and it was eternal life
as he recognized at once when he saw the gardens
he had made and the green fields where he had been
a child and his mother was standing there then the wall would close
and around him again were the last days of the worldPoet, having read your words; I wanted you to know
that I can see the trees you planted as I chop down
the hardest wood  for my fires. I used the vacated
bird nests you guarded like a fanatic steward for kindling;
the birds having all moved into their new government
subsidized gated condo communities down south. Poet,
having considered your elitist and liberal metaphors; I find them
to be plagiaristic and cliché at best…and similar to the precious trees
you attempt to protect, they are a but another renewable
source of fuel for the woodchucks and beavers like me
who are in need of expressing an occasional Damn!
Poet, green is no longer just the color of envy
but in has become the color of your gods…
And because I am forewarned, I am so forearmed with knowledge
to defeat your poor examples and attempts at self expression.
Poet, having gone into the wilderness; hugged the trees and bunnies
you have still failed to silence the wind and blasphemous dissuader
who dehorts all of your creations as politics.
And although I am just a reader, you should know
I am not a believer in search of a cause….
2008 © T SheridanGreen grass
And blue sky
That is all I want
For now
The rest doesn't matter nowI want a holiday with a scene
Of green, green and green
A summer of green trees
A landscape of green grass
A view full of green vegetables
The colour green
Is a beauty that must be seen!
From a moving vehicles screen
And while we hold onto those machines
That deprives us of the colour green
Remember they provide us vaccines
As well as help the air to be clean
So for green, green and green
I will travel continents across and in-between
And also to any place that I have never been
I will make it routine
Just to see green, green and green
Copyright 2006 - Sylvia ChidiGreen grow the rashes, O!
Green grow the rashes, O!
The sweetest hours that e'er I spend,
Are spent amang the lasses, O!
There's nought but care on every han'
In every hour that passes, O;
What signifies the life o' man,
An 'twere na for the lasses, O?
The warl'ly race may riches chase,
An' riches still may fly them, O;
An' though at last they catch them fast,
Their hearts can ne'er enjoy them, O.
But gi'e me a canny hour at e'en,
My arms about my dearie, O,
An' warl'ly cares an' warl'ly men
May a' gae tapsalteerie, O!
For you sae douce, ye sneer at this,
Ye're nought but senseless asses, O;
The wisest man the warl' e'er saw,
He dearly loved the lasses, O.
Auld Nature swears the lovely dears
Her noblest work she classes, O;
Her 'prentice han' she tried on man,
An' then she made the lasses, O.1     Green groweth the holly,
2     So doth the ivy.
3     Though winter blasts blow never so high,
4     Green groweth the holly.
5     As the holly groweth green
6     And never changeth hue,
7     So I am, ever hath been,
8     Unto my lady true.
9     As the holly groweth green
10   With ivy all alone
11   When flowers cannot be seen
12   And greenwood leaves be gone,
13   Now unto my lady
14   Promise to her I make,
15   From all other only
16   To her I me betake.
17   Adieu, mine own lady,
18   Adieu, my special
19   Who hath my heart truly
20   Be sure, and ever shall.These days I dream of America  and they offered me the green card.
I visited to my far relatives who were living there.
Some are in California and the rest in Massachusetts.
They showed me the hospitality but in doubts.
I feel that they might think I'll be a burden for them.
Never mind I said good bye
And searched for my scattered unseen friends.
I am totally tired and frustrated.
I heard the statue of Liberty is whispering something.
'Why don't you visit our ancestors? '
I left for Red indian Reservoirs
And they guided me to Geronimo's tomb and some Apaches.
We talked each other many things like old familiar friends
And when I woke up I found a red feather on my pillow.
Sing Song my beloved wife brought me the bed tea.It’s not the experience
—that marauds it. Though the wise
will have you believe.
It’s this sense that everything
around you
is occurring for the first time.Three tall poplars beside the pool
Shiver and moan in the gusty blast,
The carded clouds are blown like wool,
And the yellowing leaves fly thick and fast.
The leaves, now driven before the blast,
Now flung by fits on the curdling pool,
Are tossed heaven-high and dropped at last
As if at the whim of a jabbering fool.
O leaves, once rustling green and cool!
Two met here where one moans aghast
With wild heart heaving towards the past:
Three tall poplars beside the pool.Now sitting outside,
The refreshing wind blows
Revealing the life of nature.
The grass may be yellow,
But underneath is a layer
Just waiting to grow.
The birds may be singing,
Dandelions may be glowing,
But will it last?
The birds may not be singing
The tunes that we hear,
It may be wails that they speak.
Begging for an answer,
In what they’ve done wrong.
Dandelions look like the sun,
But for them, they could be opening up
To whatever they have left.
Not wanting to be cut,
So when their second life approaches,
They will stay vibrate than grey
All because mankind got natures law wrong.
As I sit hear,
I listen to all that has been taught.
The trees are all dying,
The pond is overflowing,
From the dump we’ve been throwing
Between the beautiful silence
I feel the wind blow through my hair.
Then all you see is a plane from the city.
Polluting the air,
Just to get people somewhere.
Air is a limited thing,
No way can you buy it.
Replacing what once was,
Than keeping what’s there.
Experimenting a leaf, finding a bug
Scream, but only one thing,
The bug isn’t bigger than me.
Wanting so bad to kill it,
But killing that bug,
Is another phrase for extinction.
Life is a beautiful thing, but living in a
Dump is not.
Life may be short, some people may not
Care; saying no problem, we can get more
With the money we’ve been making.
Now, who in mankind, has the right mind,
To waste his money caring,
When he could be doubling it.
Remember one thing when life comes to an end,
What’s going to be left for the money of mankind?
The world currently may be black,
But let’s turn it green.Freshly picked green mangoes
Peeled by meticulous hands
Cut and sliced carefully
Ice, milk, mangoes and water
With a cup of sugar
Put together in a blender
Mixed with tender care
And poured in a crystal glass
Served with a smile
Oh so invigorating and refreshing!You ask me why I dwell in the green mountain;
I smile and make no reply for my heart is free of care.
As the peach-blossom flows down stream and is gone into the unknown,
I have a world apart that is not among men.goodness reasons to revel by reality
heart yet knows right path to heaven
eyes raves back by illusion of mirage
light refluxes into room of delusion
do we ever know depth of eyes by mystery?
as sands gleaned on shore delving blue
myth of blindness yet they still read
moment swirls by winds unfolding dreams
moon seems to be here on top of hill
whispers allays sorrow by voices
where is the time lost to living,
life when reasoned to grip of wine
as desire mills through green of wild.The baby-sitter's nuts! Please listen Mom, it's true!
Last night she washed my hair with Green Onion Shampoo!
Green Onion Shampoo! Green Onion Shampoo!
It smells worse than bad, and when you get through,
Your poor scalp will burn, your eyes will burn too!
Who ever heard of Green Onion Shampoo?
Why did she do that? She has a loose screw!
It's made in Cleveland! This stuff is brand new!
I don't understand! God, what did I do?
To ever deserve Green Onion Shampoo?
Promise to fire her! And trust when I say...
If you rehire her... I must run away!Love is blue, when lovers are in trouble ever;
Great love stories of the world are so and are
Called as Divine love for the world to know and
Appreciate what love can do to make humans noble!
The greatness of human is measured not by power
Or wealth or intellect, but ever only by love..!
That is why love is placed in the highest pedal
Of human world forever and ever to cherish by all!
When this is so, how can romance be criticized as
Immoral by law or religion anywhere in the world?
Romance is the source for love to bloom between
Two attractive souls both for joy and grief ever!
Religion, literature and law give clean chit to
Mature guy and girl to live in union by marriage
Once they join ever by love that has bloomed as
Natural flowers sans force or by any other means!Green is the colour of the mangroves at my holiday batch
Green is the feeling of happiness
Green is the colour of the tall oak trees
Green is the sound of crickets buzzing in the summer season
Green is the taste of pickles sliding down your throat
Green is the feeling of success and satisfaction
Green is a pray-mantis hopping around in the garden
Green is the feeling you get on a great holiday
Green is a colour that is safe and alive.Green are the valleys
green are the fields
green are the forests and long rolling hills
green like the shamrock and eyes with a smile
green as old Ireland
The emerald isle.The dawn was apple-green,
The sky was green wine held up in the sun,
The moon was a golden petal between.
She opened her eyes, and green
They shone, clear like flowers undone,
For the first time, now for the first time seen.Into the warm, inviting yellow
twists a brush loaded with blue.
Surprised, suspicious,
the shades swirl round each other,
and then, by magic,
marbled patterns turn
to startling viridian.
It is utterly final.
Once made, the new colour
cannot be undone;
once committed, the blue and yellow
cannot be divorced:
this is a lifelong union,
longer by far than the life
of the artist who mixed it.
So it is with you and me:
bearing our separate lives
we have swirled and marbled,
mixed and mingled,
become one,
created a new colour
with an as yet unknown chemistry.
Together, we make green;
and, though parted for a while,
yellow does not leave blue
and blue does not rip itself from yellow.
Instead, two emerald puddles,
distant in space but not tone,
dream of being plastered on a palette,
poured into a pot,
indissolubly one.
For now, our separate lives continue
and we wait,
rationed to fragments of time,
which moves on,
as love itself draws breath
and looks forward to our next meeting.i can't stand
to be away
from you
as much
as i have toThe Armies marched with banging drums
That made ill the streams, made black the dreams.
The Armies marched with cracking horns,
Each soldier robed in robes of green.
With green swords they cut her down,
Greyed her hairs and dimmed her smiles.
Their drums rung around her ears,
Their trophies hung within her tears.
But, in the night Turning Tide
Brought Light, who shone to crack the ice
That Time had made cold and hard
Around each green soldiers heathen heart.
Whispers. Whispers in my ears and in the hills.
'The ice will crack; the blood will flow',
The ice did crack, the blood ran cold
And drowned each green soldiers heathen soul.
We stood just to watch them die,
Let them bleed until their hearts bled dry.
Alas! things could never be the same
With her smiles so dim and her hairs so grey.My favorite colors are green and brown.
Green-leafed trees polka-dot our town.
Green’s the color of farm pond scum,
and green’s the color of green tea gum.
Copper turns green when it’s weathered.
Some Amazon parrots are green-feathered.
Green is the color Army privates wear,
and green’s what the young clerk dyed his hair.
The city of Oz was oh so green!
Green is the color of a string bean.
If you’re nauseous you’re “green around the gills”,
and I’d be “green with envy” if you had no bills.
Green beer is drunk on St. Patrick’s Day.
Green is the color of newly mowed hay.
A wilted green salad looks so sad,
but a green stick fracture is “not so bad”.
Greenbacks are U.S. paper money.
From green clover bees make clover honey.
A green traffic light tells me to go,
and a green banana ain’t ripe you know.
A green-winged teal is a small duck,
and a green four-leafed clover may bring you luck.
I’ve heard of “green thumb” but not “green nose”.
I wonder if green is the color of gangrened toes.what would earth be
without rain?
where would rain go
without earth?Shake out my pockets! Harken to the call
Of that calm voice that makes no sound at all!
Take of me all you can; my average weight
May make amends for this, my low estate.
But do not shake, Green Thumb, as once you did
My heart and liver, or my prostate bid
Good Morning to -- leave it, the savage gland
Content within the mercy of my hand.
The world was safe in winter, I was spring,
Enslaved and rattling to the slightest thing
That she might give. If planter were my trade
Why was I then not like a planter made:
With veins like rivers, smudge-pots for a soul,
A simple mind geared to a simple goal?
You fashioned me, great headed and obscene
On two weak legs, the weakest thing between.
My blood was bubbling like a ten-day stew;
it kept on telling me the thing to do.
I asked, she acquiesced, and then we fell
To private Edens in the midst of hell.
For forty days temptation was our meal,
The night our guide, and what we could not feel
We could not trust. Later, beneath the bed,
We found you taking notes of all we said.
At last we parted, she to East Moline,
I to the service of the great unseen.
All the way home I watched a circling crow
And read your falling portents in the snow.
I burned my clothes, I moved, I changed my name,
But every night, unstamped her letter came:
"Ominous cramps and pains." I cursed the vows
That cattle make to grass when cattle browse.
Heartsick and tired, to you, Green Thumb, I prayed
For her reprieve and that our debt be paid
By my remorse. "Give me a sign," I said,
"Give me my burning bush." You squeaked the bed.
I hid my face like Moses on the hill,
But unlike Moses did not feel my will
Swell with new strength; I put my choice to sleep.
That night we cowered, choice and I, like sheep.
When I awoke I found beneath the door
Only the invoice from the liquor store.
The grape-vine brought the word. I switched to beer:
She had become a civil engineer.
When I went walking birds and children fled.
I took my love, myself, behind the shed;
The shed burned down. I switched to milk and eggs.
At night a dream ran up and down my legs.
I have endured, as Godless Nazarite,
Life like a bone even a dog would slight;
All that the dog would have, I have refused.
May I, of all your subjects, be excused?
The world is yours, Green Thumb; I smell your heat
Licking the winter to a green defeat.
The creatures join, the coupling seasons start;
Leave me, Green Thumb, my solitary part.Green tornado fast asleep,
Just above your forest sweep,
High above the planes of gold,
Which drought and hunger will evolve.
Green tornado fast asleep,
Underneath the tigers creep,
Through the forest stalking prey,
While far away the dear do play.
For green tornado fast asleep,
You are mother natures keep,
With heart of gold and blood of fire,
The world is yours while men admire.HOW MANY SHADES OF GREEN
How many shades of green
Olive green
Dark green
Light green
Yellow green
How many shades of yellow
Deep yellow
Rose yellow
Sun yellow
Morning light yellow
How many shades of light
How much light
How much Beauty in the world
How much Light-
How much- God.In a herber green asleep whereas I lay,
The birds sang sweet in the middle of the day;
I dreamed fast of mirth and play:
In youth is pleasure, in youth is pleasure.
Methought I walked still to and fro,
And from her company I could not go;
But when I wak'd it was not so:
In youth is pleasure, in youth is pleasure.
Therefore my heart is surely pight
Of her alone to have a sight,
Which is my joy and heart's delight:
In youth is pleasure, in youth is pleasure.IN the green and gallant Spring,
Love and the lyre I thought to sing,
And kisses sweet to give and take
By the flowery hawthorn brake.
Now is russet Autumn here,
Death and the grave and winter drear,
And I must ponder here aloof
While the rain is on the roof.In the shade of the green wood
The holly does grow,
While in soft rays of sunlight
The wild roses glow,
And I smell their sweet perfume
That gently floats by,
Past trees strong and mighty
That reach to the sky,
The pathway of gold autumn
Leaves still remain,
As I walk through the green wood again.
In the shade of the green wood
This bright sunny morn,
That's so cool in the shadows
A new day is born,
All the birds in the treetops
Are singing for me,
Sweet songs of the summer
Which fill me with glee,
And know from its beauty
I never shall part,
For the green wood does live in my heart.
In the shade of the green wood
A soft gentle breeze,
Now caresses the branches
And whispers through trees,
A sound reassuring
Shall carry me to,
All the scenes that exist
In each marvellous view,
It's here that my spirit
Shall always now stay,
And the green wood is guiding my way.Forty Word Poem.
My heart is yours
in all my dreams.
Eclipse of the moon
together we spoon.
Venus lends her glow.
She seems to know
our elation...for
tomorrow at sunrise
our hearts will fly
to the green Emerald
Island of Love.That summer sun, whose genial glow
Now cheers my drooping spirit so
Must cold and distant be,
And only light our northern clime
With feeble ray, before the time
I long so much to see.
And this soft whispering breeze that now
So gently cools my fevered brow,
This too, alas, must turn --
To a wild blast whose icy dart
Pierces and chills me to the heart,
Before I cease to mourn.
And these bright flowers I love so well,
Verbena, rose and sweet bluebell,
Must droop and die away.
Those thick green leaves with all their shade
And rustling music, they must fade
And every one decay.
But if the sunny summer time
And woods and meadows in their prime
Are sweet to them that roam --
Far sweeter is the winter bare
With long dark nights and landscapes drear
To them that are at Home!The lush green dew that rises.
The mist that covers the lawn.
Droplets of water declare.
Dancers that rise in the morn
swirling.  The patterns escape
dreamily into the air.
Oceans of clouds hanging, drape,
having not one single care.
Sun rising o’er the garden,
filling each dewdropp with light.
No heart could ever harden
to this beauty in our sight,
of lush green dew that rises.Grass is always green on the other side
But one has to know the other side, to see, weather how green the grass really is?
If you’re trapped then you can feel life in a shell
And not see how good life can be.
All those things that looks green and good to eyes
Just turn our own precious hearts go green.
Be content,
At least try to be…
Enjoy every thing…even waiting in a queue…
Life will soon be sunny! ! !IN somer when the shawes be sheyne,
And leves be large and long,
Hit is full merry in feyre foreste
To here the foulys song.
To se the dere draw to the dale
And leve the hilles hee,
And shadow him in the leves grene
Under the green-wode tree.
Hit befell on Whitsontide
Early in a May mornyng,
The Sonne up faire can shyne,
And the briddis mery can syng.
'This is a mery mornyng,' said Litulle Johne,
'Be Hym that dyed on tre;
A more mery man than I am one
Lyves not in Christiante.
'Pluk up thi hert, my dere mayster,'
Litulle Johne can say,
'And thynk hit is a fulle fayre tyme
In a mornynge of May.'Love, meet me in the green glen,
Beside the tall elm-tree,
Where the sweetbriar smells so sweet agen;
There come with me.
Meet me in the green glen.
Meet me at the sunset
Down in the green glen,
Where we've often met
By hawthorn-tree and foxes' den,
Meet me in the green glen.
Meet me in the green glen,
By sweetbriar bushes there;
Meet me by your own sen,
Where the wild thyme blossoms fair.
Meet me in the green glen.
Meet me by the sweetbriar,
By the mole-hill swelling there;
When the west glows like a fire
God's crimson bed is there.
Meet me in the green glen.Oh, there were fifteen men in green,
Each with a tommy-gun,
Who leapt into my plane at dawn;
We rose to meet the sun.
We set our course towards the east
And climbed into the day
Till the ribbed jungle underneath
Like a giant fossil lay.
We climbed towards the distant range,
Where two white paws of cloud
Clutched at the shoulders of the pass;
The green men laughed aloud.
They did not fear the ape-like cloud
That climbed the mountain crest
And hung from ropes invisible
With lightning in its breast.
They did not fear the summer's sun
In whose hot centre lie
A hundred hissing cannon shells
For the unwatchful eye.
And when on Dobadura's field
We landed, each man raised
His thumb towards the open sky;
But to their right I gazed.
For fifteen men in jungle green
Rose from the kunai grass
And came towards the plane. My men
In silence watched them pass;
It seemed they looked upon themselves
In Times's prophetic glass.
Oh, there were some leaned on a stick
And some on stretchers lay,
But few walked on their own two feet
In the early green of day.
(They did not heed the ape-like cloud
That climbed the mountain crest;
They did not fear the summer sun
With bullets for their breast.)
Their eyes were bright, their looks were dull;
Their skin had turned to clay.
Nature had meet them in the night
And stalked them in the day.
And I think still of men in green
On the Soputa track,
With fifteen spitting tommy-guns
To keep the jungle back.Miss Lloyd has now sent to Miss Green,
As, on opening the box, may be seen,
Some years of a Black Ploughman's Gauze,
To be made up directly, because
Miss Lloyd must in mourning appear
For the death of a Relative dear--
Miss Lloyd must expect to receive
This license to mourn and to grieve,
Complete, ere the end of the week--
It is better to write than to speakI see her there all day all night
With just her fingers writing her story in the air
So elegent she stands - A
Sparkling green
With noone to worry none to care
Yet she gives with all her might
Shelter shade & a pleasant sight
I hold her by her hip
Are you ever tired - I say
A gentle leaf falls on my shoulder
As if to say - I was there for you
I will be forever I feel your love
Its enough to go on....I sit on my bed, and look across at my sage green towelling robe,
hanging on the back of the bedroom door.
Does he still 'fancy' me,
when I'm wearing it,
probably not,
it's not 'sexy', rather 'frumpy' really,
not at all an 'exciting' piece of clothing.
A dowdy bird,
dowdy and unheard!
I think that's me!
A 'new' me, must emerge from that robe.
A butterfly from a chrysalis,
A rose from a bud.
I think I need an overhaul, and a new 'robe',
like you see the 'famous' wearing,
in their 'penthouses'.
A glorious creation of satin and silk,
like flowing cream and milk.
Mind you, my towelling robe, hangs next to his towelling robe,
so perhaps we will do the same, and remain side by side,
and perhaps he loves me for other things than just being,
glamorous.
Hanging there, they look at peace with each other,
so I think I'll stick with my sage green towelling robe,
it cuddles me, just like he does!
©   Ernestine NorthoverNow spring has clad the grove in green,
And strew'd the lea wi' flowers;
The furrow'd, waving corn is seen
Rejoice in fostering showers:
While ilka thing in nature join
Their sorrows to forego,
O why thus all alone are mine
The weary steps of woe?
The trout in yonder wimpling burn
That glides, a silver dart,
And safe beneath the shady thorn
Defies the angler's art --
My life was ance that careless stream,
That wanton trout was I;
But love, wi' unrelenting beam,
Has scorch'd my fountains dry.
The little flow'ret's peaceful lot,
In yonder cliff that grows,
Which, save the linnet's flight, I wot,
Nae ruder visit knows,
Was mine; till love has o'er me past,
And blighted a' my bloom,
And now beneath the with'ring blast
My youth and joy consume.
The waken'd lav'rock warbling springs,
And climbs the early sky,
Winnowing blythe her dewy wings
In morning's rosy eye:
As little reckt I sorrow's power,
Until the flowery snare
O' witching love, in luckless hour,
Made me the thrall o' care.
O had my fate been Greenland snows,
Or Afric's burning zone,
Wi' man and nature leagu'd my foes,
So Peggy ne'er I'd known!
The wretch whase doom is, "hope nae mair,"
What tongue his woes can tell!
Within whase bosom, save despair,
Nae kinder spirits dwell.Oh tiger green and sweetly blue
With honest eyes and very true,
How can we again meet
And each kindly treat,
When wise men say there is none you.
Oh bloom that comes again in spring
With green leaves that whisper and sing,
Fragrance so adorable
With colors splendid full,
Candid life to the world you bring.
Oh creature that man has killed
On your earth the blood has spilled,
And broken natures nest
For he thought he knew best,
With folly the forest he filled.
Oh tiger green and sweetly blue
You are now but a dream so true,
Of endangered species gone
That embrace of lead has done,
And soon others will follow you.
Oh Eden's garden's of concrete now
Like hearts of men are somehow,
Made out of chisel stones
Or yellow weathered bones,
A death comes with a blackish crow.
In days that are passed and away
I heard you roaring and play,
With beasts now all lost
Or returned to whited dust,
Like I will likewise do one day.
Oh creatures of this earth so wild
Why hasn’t man treated you mild?
He's within a soul too
But not as innocent nor true,
As one, so of freedom defiled.If  truth be  rhymed by the trust
on the edges of the green
you taught me the mathematics by abacus
I listen to your tunes by the innocence
Light when penetrates into the darkness
As  the world blooming in brilliance
And you lead me the way by your grace
As the green meadow flecks by the sun
Across the time of commitments
when owned by the intimacy
I simply followed you like a shadow
Even onto the last dregs of the night
Yet with all letters of resilience
I blink to the edges of the night abiding
yet frightened by the afflicted ember
faith seems to fledges when intoned
As your words whisper me of the rising sun
Even if grimaced by the winter chilled
Still light blazes the earth by the art of creation
When you stand by me by guiding agilityHere comes the saturation point
I am on the green mile
I cant take anymore, for my knees are weak
I agree, i have lost the battle
happy though for the fight i gave
Its the battle of life, too early to lose
here i sit, by the window side
like the sea, the depths of my pain
Looking down at the burial ground
waiting, on the green mile.You look at me with sad green eyes,
I'm overcome with feeling-
Such deep emotion they disguise,
Yet send my senses reeling; They speak to me of loneliness
And feelings unexpressed,
Of hopes and dreams unrealized
And love gone uncaressed; They cry to me of urgency
To experience it all-
But here you are in limbo
With your back against the wall; I wish I had the answers
To the questions they impose-
I'm drowning in those sad green eyes
And the sorrow only grows; If I had one magic wish,
You know what it would be?
To see instead of sad green eyes
Green eyes that smile for me.Set me whereas the sun doth parch the green
Or where his beams do not dissolve the ice,
In temperate heat where he is felt and seen;
In presence prest of people, mad or wise;
Set me in high or yet in low degree,
In longest night or in the shortest day,
In clearest sky or where clouds thickest be,
In lusty youth or when my hairs are gray.
Set me in heaven, in earth, or else in hell;
In hill, or dale, or in the foaming flood;
Thrall or at large, alive whereso I dwell,
Sick or in health, in evil fame or good:
Hers will I be, and only with this thought
Content myself although my chance be nought.SMALL is the trust when love is green
In sap of early years;
A little thing steps in between
And kisses turn to tears.
Awhile - and see how love be grown
In loveliness and power!
Awhile, it loves the sweets alone,
But next it loves the sour.
A little love is none at all
That wanders or that fears;
A hearty love dwells still at call
To kisses or to tears.
Such then be mine, my love to give,
And such be yours to take:-
A faith to hold, a life to live,
For lovingkindness' sake:
Should you be sad, should you be gay,
Or should you prove unkind,
A love to hold the growing way
And keep the helping mind:-
A love to turn the laugh on care
When wrinkled care appears,
And, with an equal will, to share
Your losses and your tears.So green the land that I can see
The hills and fields before my eyes,
Which blend with joyful harmony
Beneath the peaceful summer skies.
I breathe the morning air so sweet
So glad to be alive this day,
To see the new shoots of the wheat
And hedgerows now adorned with May.
Along the country lane I head
Not caring where it leads me to,
I know wherever I am led
I'll always find a pleasing view.
Beneath the bridge a river flows
Where ripples dance and brightly shine,
Like diamonds as the water glows
And winds unto this heart of mine.
The sweeping slopes of light and shade
Where clouds now cast their shade before,
With all the beauty there displayed
No man could ever ask for more.
So green the land that I can see
With gladdened soul I now do roam,
And as I go I say with glee
Fair England always be my home.Ye, who in alleys green and leafy bow'rs,
Sport, the rude children of fantastic birth;
Where frolic nymphs, and shaggy tribes of mirth,
In clam'rous revels waste the midnight hours;
Who, link'd in flaunting bands of mountain flow'rs,
Weave your wild mazes o'er the dewy earth,
Ere the fierce Lord of Lustre rushes forth,
And o'er the world his beamy radiance pours!
Oft has your clanking cymbal's madd'ning strain,
Loud ringing through the torch-illumin'd grove,
Lur'd my lov'd Phaon from the youthful train,
Through rugged dells, o'er craggy rocks to rove;
Then how can she his vagrant heart detain,
Whose Lyre throbs only to the touch of Love!Springtime’s first green is gold,
Her subtlest hue to hold,
Her morning song’s the flower;
But only so one hour.
Then colors by colors surrender,
So Eden lost her splendor.
So sunlight turns to moonlight,
Her gold will be gone by night.Upon the swag of Stubbers Green
Where many ducks and wading birds
And all the geese and seagulls fly
To seek its comfort and the peace
And watch the day go by.
And while the graceful swans do pass
Upon the water flat and calm
Their downy cygnets all in tow
They seek the solace of the reeds
Which on the shoreline grow.
As light does shine and waters gleam
Now diamond ripples dancing free
I feel a whispered gentle breeze
That moves across the golden lake
And through the restless trees.
As on the grassy bank I stand
I gaze upon this tranquil scene
And lean against the tree to shade
My eyes from setting sun so bright
And watch the evening fade.411
The Color of the Grave is Green—
The Outer Grave—I mean—
You would not know it from the Field—
Except it own a Stone—
To help the fond—to find it—
Too infinite asleep
To stop and tell them where it is—
But just a Daisy—deep—
The Color of the Grave is white—
The outer Grave—I mean—
You would not know it from the Drifts—
In Winter—till the Sun—
Has furrowed out the Aisles—
Then—higher than the Land
The little Dwelling Houses rise
Where each—has left a friend—
The Color of the Grave within—
The Duplicate—I mean—
Not all the Snows could make it white—
Not all the Summers—Green—
You've seen the Color—maybe—
Upon a Bonnet bound—
When that you met it with before—
The Ferret—cannot find—The sun does arise,
And make happy the skies;
The merry bells ring
To welcome the spring;
The skylark and thrush,
The birds of the bush,
Sing louder around
To the bell's cheerful sound,
While our sports shall be seen
On the Echoing Green.
Old John with white hair,
Does laugh away care,
Sitting under the oak,
Among the old folk.
They laugh at our play,
And soon they all say:
'Such, such were the joys
When we all, girls and boys,
In our youth time were seen
On the Echoing Green.'
Till the little ones, weary,
No more can be merry;
The sun does descend,
And our sports have an end.
Round the laps of their mothers
Many sisters and brother,
Like birds in their nest,
Are ready for rest,
And sport no more seen
On the darkening Green.
.The force that through the green fuse drives the flower
Drives my green age; that blasts the roots of trees
Is my destroyer.
And I am dumb to tell the crooked rose
My youth is bent by the same wintry fever.
The force that drives the water through the rocks
Drives my red blood; that dries the mouthing streams
Turns mine to wax.
And I am dumb to mouth unto my veins
How at the mountain spring the same mouth sucks.
The hand that whirls the water in the pool
Stirs the quicksand; that ropes the blowing wind
Hauls my shroud sail.
And I am dumb to tell the hanging man
How of my clay is made the hangman's lime.
The lips of time leech to the fountain head;
Love drips and gathers, but the fallen blood
Shall calm her sores.
And I am dumb to tell a weather's wind
How time has ticked a heaven round the stars.
And I am dumb to tell the lover's tomb
How at my sheet goes the same crooked worm.Over the green and yellow rice-fields
sweep the shadows of the autumn
clouds followed by the swift-chasing
sun.
The bees forget to sip their honey;
drunken with light they foolishly hover
and hum.
The ducks in the islands of the river
clamour in joy for mere nothing.
Let none go back home, brothers,
this morning, let none go to work.
Let us take the blue sky by storm
and plunder space as we run.
Laughter floats in the air like foam
on the flood.
Brothers, let us squander our
morning in futile songs.Grace unequalled in my earthly eyes,
dream when snuffles into ocean blue,
dust inflames, as  fire stashes in the hide
across the mystery of the jingle’s brim.
warmth cradles the glow of the green
voices when curves the shape of grin
heart revels by the words of whisper
night never refrained of gentle breath.
moments expense in gleams of light
scarlet rose shelters in room of repose
passion wades through reeks of lone void
the blue yet flecks into the plumes afloat....'
breeze flows trudging through the riffs
reeks may intone assailing the flow
yet the sultry dream serenades the cliff
as the wild stream brooks by the eternity.This little bowl is like a mossy pool
In a Spring wood, where dogtooth violets grow
Nodding in chequered sunshine of the trees;
A quiet place, still, with the sound of birds,
Where, though unseen, is heard the endless song
And murmur of the never resting sea.
'T was winter, Roger, when you made this cup,
But coming Spring guided your eager hand
And round the edge you fashioned young green leaves,
A proper chalice made to hold the shy
And little flowers of the woods. And here
They will forget their sad uprooting, lost
In pleasure that this circle of bright leaves
Should be their setting; once more they will dream
They hear winds wandering through lofty trees
And see the sun smiling between the leaves.There's a one-eyed yellow idol to the north of Khatmandu,
There's a little marble cross below the town;
There's a broken-hearted woman tends the grave of Mad Carew,
And the Yellow God forever gazes down.
He was known as "Mad Carew" by the subs at Khatmandu,
He was hotter than they felt inclined to tell;
But for all his foolish pranks, he was worshipped in the ranks,
And the Colonel's daughter smiled on him as well.
He had loved her all along, with a passion of the strong,
The fact that she loved him was plain to all.
She was nearly twenty-one and arrangements had begun
To celebrate her birthday with a ball.
He wrote to ask what present she would like from Mad Carew;
They met next day as he dismissed a squad;
And jestingly she told him then that nothing else would do
But the green eye of the little Yellow God.
On the night before the dance, Mad Carew seemed in a trance,
And they chaffed him as they puffed at their cigars:
But for once he failed to smile, and he sat alone awhile,
Then went out into the night beneath the stars.
He returned before the dawn, with his shirt and tunic torn,
And a gash across his temple dripping red;
He was patched up right away, and he slept through all the day,
And the Colonel's daughter watched beside his bed.
He woke at last and asked if they could send his tunic through;
She brought it, and he thanked her with a nod;
He bade her search the pocket saying "That's from Mad Carew,"
And she found the little green eye of the god.
She upbraided poor Carew in the way that women do,
Though both her eyes were strangely hot and wet;
But she wouldn't take the stone and Mad Carew was left alone
With the jewel that he'd chanced his life to get.
When the ball was at its height, on that still and tropic night,
She thought of him and hurried to his room;
As she crossed the barrack square she could hear the dreamy air
Of a waltz tune softly stealing thro' the gloom.
His door was open wide, with silver moonlight shining through;
The place was wet and slipp'ry where she trod;
An ugly knife lay buried in the heart of Mad Carew,
'Twas the "Vengeance of the Little Yellow God."
There's a one-eyed yellow idol to the north of Khatmandu,
There's a little marble cross below the town;
There's a broken-hearted woman tends the grave of Mad Carew,
And the Yellow God forever gazes down.The city of Auckland its roads spreading wide,
twisting and winding like webs from a spider.
Maori descendents spread culture and pride,
while attempting to tolerate, me the outsider.
To the south of the city, a town Papakura,
Papa (flat) , kura (the precious red earth.)
Home to some wealthy but more often poorer,
inhabitants blessed by free will or by birth.
The suns golden rays caress green hills of Drury,
a small country town, once known for its coal.
Now warming each heart and soul just as surely
as sights of a newly born calf or a foal.
Between these two towns is my home my delight,
trees that alter in shape and texture each year.
Spring colours cause breath to catch at the sight,
Drury Hills bathed in sunlight, heaven so near.
So although not a native and born elsewhere,
forty years it has taken to bring me to being.
So privileged to spend each tomorrow and share,
inspiration  and pleasure in what I am seeing.
Endless blue skies boast of spring over farmland,
branches once naked stretch out to transform.
Rampant is growth seeming wild and unplanned,
tempting blossom and blooms to bask, to feel warm.
And I the outsider have roots bound securely,
in precious red earth that holds secrets of living.
And know as I look to the green hills of Drury.
that Spring  leads our world in the art of forgiving.
(Roan Oct.2007)BENEATH these fruit-tree boughs that shed
Their snow-white blossoms on my head,
With brightest sunshine round me spread
Of spring's unclouded weather,
In this sequestered nook how sweet
To sit upon my orchard-seat!
And birds and flowers once more to greet,
My last year's friends together.
One have I marked, the happiest guest
In all this covert of the blest:
Hail to Thee, far above the rest
In joy of voice and pinion!
Thou, Linnet! in thy green array,
Presiding Spirit here today,
Dost lead the revels of the May;
And this is thy dominion.
While bird, and butterflies, and flowers,
Make all one band of paramours,
Thou, ranging up and down the bowers,
Art sole in thy employment:
A Life, a Presence like the Air,
Scattering thy gladness without care,
Too blest with any one to pair;
Thyself thy own enjoyment.
Amid yon tuft of hazel trees,
That twinkle to the gusty breeze,
Behold him perched in ecstasies,
Yet seeming still to hover;
There! where the flutter of his wings
Upon his back and body flings
Shadows and sunny glimmerings,
That cover him all over.
My dazzled sight he oft deceives,
A Brother of the dancing leaves;
Then flits, and from the cottage eaves
Pours forth his song in gushes;
As if by that exulting strain
He mocked and treated with disdain
The voiceless Form he chose to feign,
While fluttering in the bushes.I know a green grass path that leaves the field,
And like a running river, winds along
Into a leafy wood where is no throng
Of birds at noon-day, and no soft throats yield
Their music to the moon. The place is sealed,
An unclaimed sovereignty of voiceless song,
And all the unravished silences belong
To some sweet singer lost or unrevealed.
So is my soul become a silent place.
Oh, may I wake from this uneasy night
To find a voice of music manifold.
Let it be shape of sorrow with wan face,
Or Love that swoons on sleep, or else delight
That is as wide-eyed as a marigold.On the cheerful village green,
Skirted round with houses small,
All the boys and girls are seen,
Playing there with hoop and ball.
Now they frolic hand in hand,
Making many a merry chain;
Then they form a warlike band,
Marching o'er the level plain.
Now ascends the worsted ball,
High it rises in the air,
Or against the cottage wall,
Up and down it bounces there.
Then the hoop, with even pace,
Runs before the merry throngs;
Joy is seen in every face,
Joy is heard in cheerful songs.
Rich array, and mansions proud,
Gilded toys, and costly fare,
Would not make the little crowd
Half so happy as they are.
Then, contented with my state,
Where true pleasure may be seen,
Let me envy not the great,
On a cheerful village green.High over the white clean clouds
she serves hot coffee in the sky
Smiling pretty stewardess
with one green, one blue eye
(alluding to her dual life -
celestial blue and green of grass)
He saw her left side first,
an all embracing smile,
a green, then a blue eye...
Ah, secret charm of dual life!
Unearthly pleasure of the flight.
Not far away from Earth,
a casual face hints at the
closeness of an unknown space.
Sofia, the 05.07.2008