Waxing Bodies,
Waning Minds,
Dried up Souls,
China- section- eight as America!
China section eight is army home.
All committed are ill at houses to whom.
Freedom, equality and justice
Had been the most valuable treasures
Cherished in the American hearts
I.
ADIEU, New-England's smiling meads,
Adieu, the flow'ry plain:
You have the grit and the guts, I know;
You are ready to answer blow for blow
You are virile, combative, stubborn, hard,
LEANDER.
No more of Memphis and her mighty kings,
Or Alexandria, where the Ptolomies.
'Tis the witching hour of night,
Orbed is the moon and bright,
And the stars they glisten, glisten,
I HEAR CRY'S FOR HELP
AND BOMBS EXPLODE,
BUT IM SO FAR AWAY FROM HOME,
America has traded in his Mercedes
For a beat up, General Motors car.
It has a fender and door of different colors.
The shadowy Daughter of Urthona stood before red Orc,
When fourteen suns had faintly journey'd o'er his dark abode:
His food she brought in iron baskets, his drink in cups of iron:
I am a poet of the Hudson River and the heights above it,
the lights, the stars, and the bridges
I am also by self-appointment the laureate of the Atlantic
Sing out! sing out! America,
''Sweet land of liberty;
Tell how we chased the red man
In days of long ago,
how did Europeans enter America?
I read the history and now I know.
America, Europe and Asia are continents;
The first two interfere devastatingly in the third one's affairs;
Historical accidents helped
'Tis fine to see the Old World and travel up and down
Among the famous palaces and cities of renown,
To admire the crumblyh castles and the statues and kings
(America Conquers Europe.)
Foul shapes that hate the day, again grown bold,
Late driven hence, infested fane and court.
(Europe Conquers America.)
Strong for the strong and in his own conceit;
Half-boy, half-madman, playing with the fire;
America is America the land of the free, born in
the hope of a new world created, amongst men
who believed the vision of liberty and a freedom
In the Rotations
of the Universe
periodically,
America Is In Intensive Care…….,
It’s just clinging to life……,
And its chances are slim and rare……,
America is red, white, and blue,
the colors that stand so brave, and true.
Men in battle facing death,
As I looked out the window
birds soar across the sky,
O how I envy their freedom,
America lives,
For you and for me,
With all she can give,
It's great to live in a country big and strong
It doesn't matter if you are young or old
Our thoughts are as good as gold
wonderful land that makes
us one
fantastic place where
Although she feeds me bread of bitterness,
And sinks into my throat her tiger's tooth,
Stealing my breath of life, I will confess
Glorious daughter of time! Thou of the mild blue eye --
Thou of the virginal forehead --pallid, unfurrowed of tears--
Thou of the strong white hands with fingers dipped in the dye
Once in English they said America. Was it English to them.
Once they said Belgian.
We like a fog.
America, oh sweet home of mine
Glories beaconing fine
My heart longs for you
* I am not racist at all**This is how i feel about america**No disrespect to no body*
They call me second class
put chains on me mentally
I love thine inland seas,
Thy groves of giant trees,
Thy rolling plains;
I
Where the wings of a sunny Dome expand
I saw a Banner in gladsome air-
America! God gave you broadful landings
Designated mountains, valleys, tropics.
With measures of shady green pastures
America the beautiful,
America the great,
America suits us all,
America, you ode for reality!
Give back the people you took.
Let the sun shine again
NOR force nor fraud shall sunder us! O ye
Who north or south, on east or western land,
Native to noble sounds, say truth for truth,
OH mother of a mighty race,
Yet lovely in thy youthful grace!
The elder dames, thy haughty peers,
O this political air so heavy with the bells
and motors of a slow night, and no place to rest
but rain to walk—How it rings the Washington streets!
DEALS, DEALS, DEALS.
Small room, with twelve bathrooms.
Envelopes fill the baskets.
Well I tried to make it sunday, but I got so damn depressed
That I set my sights on monday and I got myself undressed
I ain’t ready for the altar but I do agree there’s times
Who are these immigrants who mow all of this grass
in the medium strips and along the roadsides;
areas that pedestrians don’t use. Whose job is it to fertilize
O beautiful for spacious skies,
For amber waves of grain,
For purple mountain majesties
America The Beautiful
That what the song says
Those words ring loud and true
It is time that I speak up for what they call America
for a people not appreciated much,
they are generous to all and help the needy near and far
Their fruits proud and confident with their knowledge of modern technology but,
historically sleeping.  For some call America "The Heaven on Earth." This simply means, "As there are many
different ways of dying to go to heaven and so there are many different ways of entering
1899
Who would trust England, let him lift his eyes
To Nelson, columned o'er Trafalgar Square,
AUGUST 5, 1866
THOUGH watery deserts hold apart
The worlds of East and West,
America won't
Be the same anymore
Because they are fighting
Sunflower legions
lifted on green leafed shoulders
stare dark horizons.Another beautiful day i thought as i arose from bed that day,
Not ever knowing things could turn out this distructive way.
As i entered the building with a smile on my face,
Slowly the hours beyond the midnight crawl.
Far on the frozen night a train goes by.
I know there is no starlight in the sky,
Life is cold
Life is shady
Ima Black in america
It’s all very well to dream of a dove that saves,
Picasso’s or the Pope’s,
The one that annually coos in Our Lady’s ear
Black Man In America for to long our chains held us so tight
beaten down as far as the dust chained to the night
Black Man In America can't you see
A senseless act of hatred can change
Everything in a horrifying minute
It is impossible to understand
My wish for today:
that poet friends were viewing
this, coffee in hand.
Against the eagled
Hemisphere
I lean my eager
People united
To secure their liberty
Out of many, one
Crossroads of this brave New World:
tiring - perhaps no longer young
Big city, rural city? central point -
1. ON A RHINE STEAMER.
Republic of the West,
Enlightened, free, sublime,
And what of thee, O Lincoln's Land? What gloom
Is darkening above the Sunset Sea?
Vowed Champion of Liberty, deplume
O Lord, our refuge and strength
When it's 'in God we trust'
The foe has struck your firstborn
god blessed america when he made the earth
god blessed america when he sent his son to sacrifise
god blessed america when he made us and
I Believe In America…., we’re a nation of hopes and dreams…..,
Sweet freedom will fill our needs…., I Believe In America.
I Believe In America…., I believe we must fight for peace….,
I Hear America singing, the varied carols I hear;
Those of mechanics--each one singing his, as it should be, blithe and strong;
The carpenter singing his, as he measures his plank or beam,
I know a dream called America -
That led to freedom - our precious -
freedom. That was won - That was won -
I, too, sing America
The melody is quiet but still passes my lips
I am the elusive ingenue
First
one
foot
Baby boomers were cool;
Now Ninjas rule.
It’s America you fool.
Let America be America again.
Let it be the dream it used to be.
Let it be the pioneer on the plain
I
Now farewell to you! you are
One of my dearest, whom I trust:
Long, too long America,
Traveling roads all even and peaceful you learn'd from joys and prosperity only,
But now, ah now, to learn from crises of anguish, advancing, grappling with direst fate and recoiling not,
'Twas mercy brought me from my Pagan land,
Taught my benighted soul to understand
That there's a God, that there's a Saviour too:
ONE song, America, before I go,
I'd sing, o'er all the rest, with trumpet sound,
For thee--the Future.
WITNESS FOR TROUT FISHING
IN AMERICA PEACE
In San Francisco around Easter time last year, they had a
THE COVER FOR
TROUT FISHING IN AMERICA
The cover for Trout Fishing in America is a photograph taken
ANOTHER METHOD
OF MAKING WALNUT CATSUP
And this is a very small cookbook for Trout Fishing in America
SEA, SEA RIDER
The man who owned the bookstore was not magic. He was not a
three-legged crow on the dandelion side of the mountain.
THE AUTOPSY OF
TROUT FISHING IN AMERICA
This is the autopsy of Trout Fishing in America as if Trout
WORSEWICK
Worsewick Hot Springs was nothing fancy. Somebody put some
boards across the creek. That was it.
THE HUNCHBACK TROUT
The creek was made narrow by little green trees that grew
too close together. The creek was like 12, 845 telephone
THE PUDDING MASTER OF
STANLEY BASIN
Tree, snow and rock beginnings, the mountain in back of the
A RETURN TO THE COVER OF
THIS BOOK
Dear Trout Fishing in America:
SANDBOX MINUS JOHN
DILLINGER EQUALS WHAT?
Often I return to the cover of Trout Fishing in America. I
And now, when poets are singing
Their songs of olden days,
And now, when the land is ringing
Once a shiny nation was established ‘cross the sea
Smelted out of blood and sweat, to guarantee all men be free
Escaping religious tyranny, they traveled to a new land so
All hail to thee, noble and generous Land!
With thy prairies boundless and wide,
Thy mountains that tower like sentinels grand,
McCain, McCain, you are running in vain!
And you are in this national drama,
how hillariously (!)  funny and a little insane,
The game players of America,
Are first bred in our neighborhoods.
They are conditioned to be gangsters,
This is the greatest thing in North America:
Europe is the greatest thing in North America!
High in the sky, dark in the heart, and always there
W orld renowned political figure
I ntellectual person, a vigorous leader
L eadership is the key to your success
How would you have us, as we are?
Or sinking 'neath the load we bear?
Our eyes fixed forward on a star?
I.
Brothers! between you and me
Whirlwinds sweep and billows roar:
Brothers in blood! They who this wrong began
To wreck our commonwealth, will rue the day
When first they challenged freeman to the fray,
Send but a song oversea for us,
Heart of their hearts who are free,
Heart of their singer, to be for us
Wake up America, Why can’t you see,
An evil is pursuing both you and me,
We must wake up, I issue this plea,
In America
we are about to vote
on what is to be our political Soul;
The first area to look into is those pillars of American success I identified above: Cheap Labor, Cheap Energy, Cheap Food and a country filled with natural resources.
To this list I will now add, a decent birth rate or immigrant flow, small town and technical green enclave investment, income distribution reform, land distribution reforms, banking and financial reforms and a re-thinking of the purposes of an economy.
Cheap labor built this country, from the Chinese coming to lay the track for the railroads, to the Africans working the cotton in the South, to the immigrants from Europe who cleared the land in the west, who worked the factories, fought the wars and made America what it is today. Needless to say the labor scene is not the same today. Cheap labor has been outsourced to other countries.
I asked the Muse Whither America?
'I see millions in the broken cities
crowding debt,
-for pilgrim sake,
and land once,  of 'Native' soil
Allegiance pledged, of
When will my angel come?
My breathing's coming so much harder
I think it's time for me to slip away
Beyond every breath of heart
An angel draw a tear;
in her own way of sensing,
Sometimes life gives us severe shock,
Undermines the plans and does block,
The ways of wisdom leading ahead,
A small garden, lush with flowers
Pinks and whites and lavenders
Specked with candles in colored glass
Isn't is sad when an angel cries?
Small pearl drops fall from the skies,
holy water flows in tears,
It is raining
Slowly
In Detroit tonight.
He walked away into the night,
His knuckles swollen from the fight,
A smile beneath his swollen eye,
How sweet it were, if without feeble fright,
Or dying of the dreadful beauteous sight,
An angel came to us, and we could bear
Maybe I have wings
That only need to stretch
For you to see them
An angel of grace
With beauty to spare
Eyes of pure amber
An Angel came one morning,
A visit he did pay.
That angel took my baby,
Love...  which love?
What this word mean?
What this word mean if you love someone you did not even see his face?
Angel angel, tell me true-
Is his heart as big and true
As his eyes make me believe?
Look longingly,
eye on the prize,
distant horizon; whatever...
Angel eyes are colourblind,
On a whim she lost my mind,
Something's there I'll never find,
An Angel passed my way today,
And left a feather just to say,
I’ll help you, watch you, be your guide,
She's sweet as a honey on a bacon
fitted like icings on a cake;
So cloudy, bloomy, and easy
Love is some trick
You play on me,
Some sleight, some glance,
You're my angel in disguise
You read my soul with your eyes
Your spirit has entered my heart
There's an angel in my pocket
who is watching over me,
just a little voice down deep inside
There is an angel hiding in the dark
He is a sad one
Though he will not stop
In the darkness of your sorrow
In the emptiness of grief
When the hope of understanding has gone dim,
May angels always care for you,
May they keep you standing tall,
May they whisper in your ears words of wisdom,
Who cut your wings my angel?
Who destroyed your dreams today?
Who kneeled you down to humiliate you?
When you think you're all alone
and troubles come your way
There's an angel on your shoulder
You call me an angel of love and of light,
A being of goodness and heavenly fire,
Sent out from God’s kingdom to guide you aright,
I walked
upon
a
I squint through the keyhole,
Push open the door,
Pearly white feathers lie strewn on the floor.
I saw an angel with a broken wing
I saw an angel cry
I mended it with bits of string
My sweet beautiful angel.
Sent to me from above.
I am so grateful to have found you,
angel
my baby
my little girl
It’s been five months since you went away
Left without a word and nothing to say
When I was the one who gave you my heart and soul
Morning, evening, noon and night,
``Praise God!; sang Theocrite.
Then to his poor trade he turned,
i smile a fake smile
so no one can actually see
that my pain is over whelming
i was lost and alone, as I always am,
no one's around me nor understands
no one seems to care
(Humbly dedicated to my only angel, my cricket angel, my dark angel)
As I woke up from dreaming
I quickly stood up scared and crying
As she walks through
the darkness
She feels the eyes
I see you now,
and it makes me cry in my heart,
one so beautiful, and yet,
guess what? other boys
ask god for heaven, holiday
and presents but i ask god
Do you know who you are, earth angel.
You leave a lasting impression,
to everyone you see and touch,
Being an earthbound angel
her wings curled up
enclosing her/cloaking her
Verse 1:
Life is like a broken dream
And I can't even feel you out there anymore
How do I say this?
I guess I'll start out with 'thank you.'
It's always seemed that I was never really able to explain
I have fallen from sky,
Fallen to the ground,
I am the angel of sadness,
Falling Angel
Thank you for saving me from falling once again
God send us some sunny days and cloudy days also
So sweet; so innocent, the child of heaven
Fallen into revulsion, called Earth
Calling out to the depraved to love
I wish I knew an angel with a warm and tender soul.
One to send Uriah so his heart could then feel whole.
He's such a  sweet romantic and he knows just what to say.
What is love?
An abstract word thrown recklessly about,
in this modern age of chaos.
Guardian angel
You came just
At the right time
I owe my every effort to
Her love, everlasting and true.
In her silence, I am able to speak
You never stand alone
When your guardian angel is always near,
During the moments of trials and tribulation,
A PICTURE AT FANO.
I.
Dear and great Angel, wouldst thou only leave
limestone, with traces of polychromy, c. 1250
Point Dume was the point,
he said, but we never came close,
Actually, the whole entire poem's subject to change.  give tips if you want.  Dedicated to all the people I've ever cared about, even the ones who hurt me, played me, and lied to me.  They were my angels...once upon a time. Based on a painfully true story.
i still dream about it...
reaching across the chasm
I heard an Angel singing
When the day was springing,
'Mercy, Pity, Peace
"It was wrong to do this," said the angel.
"You should live like a flower,
Holding malice like a puppy,
They were a soft kiss that he felt on his lips.
The kiss was gentle and made him fell warm.
The kiss made him fell safe and secure.
In the heaven above was a little horny Angel
Now this Angel had been naughty, very naughty
And was going to be sent down to earth as a penalty
They met back when they were both young
She gave him the love and the hope that he
Needed to fulfill his dreams
When the night comes then your voice calm down
When the moon begin to sail in the sky
then your eyes are closing down to sleep
I know I haven't really been a good friend,
and I know I could of tried a little harder,
but you see I can't tell you,
His eyes,
They follow,
Expecting...
An angel floated overhead,
With such soft gentle eyes,
I lay entranced upon my bed,
the stars are in your eyes
the moon is in your lips
the sun is in your skin
o my angel, whom is suspended, ..
suspended between the sky and the earth....
whom always, i wish to reach you, ...
There's an Angel within me who KNOWS what I need.
I can have what I ask for, if I only BELIEVE.
My Angel is with me where ever I go.
My fallen angel,
My blessing,
Your tragedy,
I was there when you were born,
everyone said that you looked like an angel.
For me you were an angel.
When looking back I dimly see
The trails my feet have trod,
Some hand divine, it seems to me,
From the moment we met
Something felt right
You’ve been here through my problems
Empty and lost
in this nightmare,
Tears caress my cheeks,
It was written in the stars
That she would be something special
She was an Angel
I saw something white in the bushes
it was a bunch of angels
wings folded taking an
Delivered out of raw continual pain,
smell of darkness, groans of those others
to whom he was chained--
Sweet Angel in disguise
floated into sight one day.
Showed me how to live and die,
Go to sleep my angel and dream
Of heavenly places and heavenly faces
You shall be missed, my angel but rest in peace
I saw wild domes and bowers
And smoking incense towers
And mad exotic flowers
LIFE’S Angel watched a happy child at play,
Wreathing the riches of the blushing May:
His eye was cloudless as the heavens above,
Angel, angel where did u go?
You know I can’t live without you
And that’s because I love u so
At midnight an angel was crossing the sky,
And quietly he sang;
The moon and the stars and the concourse of clouds
I dreamt a dream!  What can it mean?
And that I was a maiden Queen
Guarded by an Angel mild:
The Angel that presided o'er my birth
Said, 'Little creature, form'd of Joy and Mirth,
'Go love without the help of any Thing on Earth.'1     When the last faint red of the day is dead,
2         And the dim, far heaven is lit
3             With the silvern cars
Morning, evening, noon and night,
``Praise God!; sang Theocrite.
Then to his poor trade he turned,
They clamour and fight, they doubt and despair, they know no end
to their wrangling.
Let your life come amongst them like a flame of light, my
I dreamt a dream the other night
That an Angel appeared to me, clothed in white.
Oh! it was a beautiful sight,
Shall I move the flowers again?
Shall I put them further to the left
into the light?
All this was written on the next day's list.
On which the busyness unfurled its cursive roots,
pale but effective,
A PICTURE AT FANO.
I.
Dear and great Angel, wouldst thou only leave
Sooner or late--in earnest or in jest--
(But the stakes are no jest) Ithuriel's Hour
Will spring on us, for the first time, the test
To ride upon the wings of an angel
Is something that would set most people's heart and soul aglow
But to ride upon the wings of an angel
An angel was tired of heaven, as he lounged in the golden street;
His halo was tilted sideways, and his harp lay mute at his feet;
So the Master stooped in His pity, and gave him a pass to go,
The first time we meet
in New York City
it will be snowing.
We, unaccustomed to courage
exiles from delight
live coiled in shells of loneliness
You are my oldest angel.
Your name will go untold.
At first you were too young for this.
There's a white angel out there
Out there somewhere
It'll blow away the darkness
(Dedicated to my Grandmother whom past away MAR.2003)
You are an Angel
Strong and smart
You Are My Angel
The Best Gift There Could Ever Be
Bringing Fresh Course To Life
I love to be free, among the clouds
And dancing,
It is here, where I meet with you,
You are my angel-
My pretty angel.
Let me hold you tight,
PHYSICAL RESOLVES FOR ANGER:
Close your eyes,  Focus on breath
Ask, Am I right? , Affirm, I will not shout
As Cloe came into the Room t'other Day,
I peevish began; Where so long cou'd You stay?
In your Life-time You never regarded your Hour:
you....!
issue ofmine
borne with love,
They are your own kids, cos,
They were conceived within you
They were nourished, nurtured,
When I am full of anger
I think in anger's terms
Part of my existing life
Sometimes we get angry
over the silliest of things,
but it is not anger,
Anger and jealousy are siblings both self destructive in their own way
Of the damage they give rise to we hear and read of every day
In assaults and murder and every violent sort of crime
Anger is a form of fear
Anger is what I’m waiting to hear
Anger is deep down inside me
Any time I don't understand something
Or feel unhappy with the way things are going,
Anger steps up, 'use me; let me help'
A -All forms of vendetta
N -No stones left unturned
G -Gives infinite pressure...
My anger is angry.
Its pain.
Its frustration.
Anger is red danger
But a familiar stranger
So It came as no surprise
Anger is a virus
That needs not even air
To propagate contagion
Anger finds always its reasons to be,
And sometimes may use a more powerful voice
Than it really possesses; as birds fluff their feathers
Why must you torment me so?
Why do you want me to go?
Where am I so supposed to be?
this anger burns deep within,
every minute the fire burns brighter,
time is ticking,
Anger lay by me all night long,
His breath was hot upon my brow,
He told me of my burning wrong,
There is this angry place
she said
that's been inside me since
Anger is my enemy
There is a plenty of anger inside of me
I have to control it now but I don’t know how
My angers still there,
its been building up inside,
do i step up or stand to the side,
people can be so stupid
but think they are all that
when they're only fakes
The anger that i feel seems to steal my only joy,
boy! i can't imagine another emotion that erupts into motion,
as quickly as eyes see a floppin' bee.
Anger builds up inside of me like a volcano ready to explode
The anger inside of me grows like cancer spreading fast and Destroying me
But that anger has to come out some how
Anger is the Banyan seed
I secreted in the darkness of my heart
I thought I hid it well from everyone’s view
Inexplainable is her mood
Undescribable is her mood
No smile, no frown
Anger in its time and place
May assume a kind of grace.
It must have some reason in it,
It’s a source of revenge,
Master of destruction,
It brings separation,
His anger is a hard summer storm,
Unpredictable and uncontrollable
Like the rain his anger falls upon countless victims.
This ill temper I have is making me mad
I blow up and I don’t know why
I wish for just a moment I could handle my anger right
Corrupted vision under a swaddling blind
to things unable and things hard to find;
impatience is a virtue to its clogging kind
I am bottled anger.
Violence burns within me;
A potent drug, rage.
Anger is swelling up inside,
Nothing to do but let it ride,
Go on scream, kick and shout,
Shut up, go cry
I want you to fucking die
You cheat
Anger threatens to steal me away
My soul burns with fire, my sanity strays
My heart beats faster, one single beat
Don't make a scene, Refrain
Angry words march through the brain
Mouth clamped shut as not to utter
Your anger
Bursts like a thunderstorm,
And torrential rain,
Don't fight it
Don't use it
With your thoughts
Epictetus the stoic philosopher said
that anyone who angers you becomes your master
by disturbing you;
Anger spreads poison in mind
Destruction it leaves behind.
It snatches all our senses
Anger is a hydra -headed demon
A demon beating its  furious wings
a volcano belching out  fiery lava
How is anger escaped?
It stays deep within me.
I think about what is lost,
Anger threatens
and bursts throught fast.
The swelling breast
Here I am again
having the same old pain
That same old Stupid Thing
Anger irks me!
I abhor persons
who show tantrums!
it boils within
slowly poisoning  all that it touches
corrupting all that is within
Anger building up
So close to exploding
I am so close to the edge
My house, is burning under fire?
I’m gathering proof!
To accuse my neighbor
Anger is the devil inside our locked up souls,
Anger is the spirit in which I with hold,
Angers the such demond who never is told,
A spark, a flame, a fireball,
Anger, borne of dry desire
Hurts and harms
Searing reason and rationale,
With the seething rage of rash,
Like the red blaze in wild jungle,
anger is anger....
anger makes you scream
anger makes you hate
Anger, a spark, within all of us.
There, anger is lurking, waiting to
ignite the dynamite, that will
ANGER
Anger,
is like,
anger is not love
anger is driking
anger is killing someone
anger is anger
anger makes you scream
anger makes you hate
anger is a force that can never die
anger is a force that lies deep within us
anger is the force that can change a man life
Anger
I keep it all inside
I keep it close to my side
you make my so angry
i feel like you hate me
i want you to die
deep, dark ocean
womb vortex of secrets
there lies a black pearl
'ANGER IS WHEN YOU FEEL LIKE YOU WANT O PUNCH SOMEONE IN THE FACE
ANGER IS WHEN YOU TURN ALL RED
ANGER IS WHEN ALL SEEMS IS GOING WRONG
Anger is bubbling away at me.
Burning a whole in my heart.
Making me burn with rage.
Anger is bubbling away at me.
Burning a whole in my heart.
Making me burn with rage.
Anger, a spark, within all of us.
There, anger is lurking, waiting to
ignite the dynamite, that will
Why do I let you get to me?
I don't understand what you say -
One minute you're glad
I'm not even going to say a word.
My mind compels me to speak, but for what?
So I can angrily express something absurd?
eating away
eating away at all has been hidden through time
letting lose all that has been locked away
eating away at me
eating away at all I’ve worked to keep in control
letting lose all I’ve kept quiet
Today I was angry with my friend
And I decided everything came to an end
I was irate for no reason
Be slow to anger
And  much quicker to love.
God didn't make mankind
As i pase through the unrelaxing motion of hate.. I feel the blood in my body rising like a flood, The tears swelling down my face like unstoppable rain, The anger building up like a tornado and the Blood tricklings from my hands is the motion of an unsovled murder i commited.. i try to study these flash backs with an open steady mind, but then the pain is to deep to uncover the angry pictures i had in my mind.. It felt like i was going to blackout and lose my mind! then the aurguement flares up like a huge flame of fire, then i start to feel like an animal in the jungle looking for it's prey, then i instally attacked my deepest feeling and went out of my mind with an unbearble thrash to my life that i could'nt dare control.. closed my eyes to think deep within the mind and when i woke up i never fulfilled my unsolved nightmare?When the clouds of anger
descend upon our mind
things are said in haste
When toxic and volatile emotions
Are causing confusion and commotion,
Feelings are hijacked, hot thoughts race,
Anger bestowed upon self
Is weight upon soul
If you cannot walk with rocks tied onto your feet
I read this quote
“Depression is anger without enthusiasm.”
I don’t believe that for a second,
Whatever You do, Whatever You say,
Even if Your angry all day,
Even if You want quiet time alone,
Anger for injustice
Anger for violence
Beside us
Fathers anger you
But you love them
Fathers hurt you on the inside
She sat looking at me,
Not listening to a word.
Every time we talked, she
One must find the power to harness any moments of
anger and remember that anger is the roadblock
to all that is worthwhile and meaningful in life.
Build me up
Tear me down
Say you love me
One time you want to run away
To go and never look back
You feel that you hate people
A twisted fear of my own emotions, my tortured temper raises,
Piercing screams, contorted thoughts, haunted by angered faces.
They race around my confused mind, and strangle all that’s sane,
Great buildings before her have toppled like dominos
She made them look as fragile as a castle of sand
Built on the beach by children in the morning
Not from this anger, anticlimax after
Refusal struck her loin and the lame flower
Bent like a beast to lap the singular floods
There is plenty of anger inside of me
It has to stop
Why is there so much anger inside of me?
THE lanky hank of a she in the inn over there
Nearly killed me for asking the loan of a glass of beer:
May the devil grip the whey-faced slut by the hair,
Remember Man that Anger is futile!
Restrain your temper bad when ‘fumes’ arise;
Apologize if guilty, in high style,
This ill temper I have is making me mad
I blow up and I don’t know why
I wish for just a moment I could handle my anger right
I do not express my anger
I prefer to be at peace
I go away from present danger
Know, O dear readers, that the medicine of a disease is to remove the
root cause of that disease. Isa (Jesus Christ) -peace be upon him-
was once asked: 'What thing is difficult?' He said: 'God's wrath.'
ur anger?
wat about mi anger?
wat about da fact,
I realized that you too get angry sometimes as human beings.
But you should serve a substitute instead of ferocious Quake.
The innocents poured precious tears in their lifetime
Listening to the storm
Seeing anger in your face
Stomping on the floor
Anger, my faithful friend, never relenting, embedded in the
pit of my soul, ready to strike when fate and foe deal
their dreaded blows. Embracing you I have, all of my
Anger?
Don't languor
under the name of 'soft'
Allowing
Nerves to
Get frayed
Incisions marked with skin of silk,
I am vulnerable,
true to flesh and bone,
There he was positioned in front of the
reflection and through the eyes he senses
the hint of anger.
This morning I’m a feline,
walking with grace.
Hips swaying side to side
We’re marching for animal rights.
We have the right to fight.
Remember to hold you banners  high
Who is sexually interested much - guy or girl?
Guy says it openly but girl never though crazy!
Easiest way to pass time or forget oneself is sex!
Humans contrived weapons to help them survive,
Their spears and arrows kept them alive,
Eating just enough helped their prey to thrive,
In the Kingdom of animal royalty
Where cats and dogs would reign
There’d be no sign of cruelty
Changes his color
Often like a chamelion
To intimidate
Have you ever thought you are a useless animal?
You do practically nothing or exceptionally well
You are bent upon creating nonsense and virtual hell
Aimless animal
Tuesday,9th October 2018
it is better to die
When one is called simple
that may simply not be so.
A context in rhythm
Sahara desert
Rare oasis around
Hardly rain there
Animals are being abused everyday
And they are hopeless
They have nothing to say
As the warm weather heats the ground at my feet
Donkeys shaking at their knees
worked to death not given food to eat
I had some fun
With some deer
We made some runs
Quiero un amor feroz de garra y diente
Que me asalte a traición a pleno día
Y que sofoque esta soberbia mía
Can you enjoy a meal,
If it ain't your Cat.
Is he mad as a Dog,
Animal crackers and cocoa to drink,
That is the finest of suppers I think;
When I'm grown up and can have what I please
We are hell bent on committing animal cruelty
Thousands of unknown diseases emanate from poultry
They are culled in thousands under the pretext of containment
Animal Farm
The news on papers, sites and yahoo
Politics as dirty as they’ve been forever
nice to be an animal
free from worry and care
no possessions
Walking 'round my yard, I just wanted to see, if any
little friends wanted company..
I saw Mrs. Robin sitting in a tree, guarding her nest,
That summer, we did not simply walk through
the valley of the shadow of death; we set up camp there,
orchestrating funerals for the anonymous,
The sweet smile upon your lips
Smooth movement of your hips
Charming gaze
A newborn bull calf
Being licked by its mother
Survival InstinctBite me
I will bite in return
Hurt me
I've got this great kid who just loves all animals,
Cats, rabbits, dogs and ducks;
She wants to bring everything home
Have you ever heard a giraffe laugh,
Or a chimpanzee go hee hee hee?
Have you happened to hear a rhino ho ho,
Animal lovers sit, with their exotic dogs,
at the trendy Cafe.
Pooch at feet, a smile
Puppies and kitties march in the street
holding signs that say, 'Paws For A Cause! '
Booths set up along side of the road
Footsteps in the dark marching on the hearts
Of the stark winter terrain that was the family’s farm
Food shortage in the barn malnutrition starts to harm
Dragged down to the ground with a shoulder out of place
A man struggles all about, anguish carved into his face
His attacker stands up, but only for a moment
We
are animals.
Having the
clock o clock,
how could i be a diamond dog,
fox in the woods,
There are people I think who consider me friend,
But I don't know for sure that they're right,
I may walk like a duck, even quack like a duck,
(Remember each plus+ prefixed line describes a diffrent animal. Try naming each different animal in the riddle. I've done these types of riddles on other sites and poets have so enjoyed doing them. So try solving and after sufficient answer attempts by diffrent poets I'll announce the 1st 3 winners along with my answers.)     ok try it.)
+Hooks and hangs itself prehensile style
+Paves the path with sticky glue slime
animals have feelings
thoughts, needs, desires,
and emotions just as we do.
Prevent the cruelty to animals
Animals are also entitled to live
To enjoy the life until the last
Sacrifice unto me
The animal of thyself,
That tainted clothing
I am an animal
Proud to be one as I walk on the naked earth
My animal limbs and my whole  body free
I wish there was a cat in me
Giving love like a huge favour
But there's just a little puppy
A bird, a dog
and a croaking frog
sat in a barn
Day in day out i struggle
i have no future
None that i can see
It is not human trafficking.The little hedgerow birds,
That peck along the roads, regard him not.
He travels on, and in his face, his step,
A was an elegant Ape
Who tied up his ears with red tape,
And wore a long veil
And now to what remains!- Since I've resolved
By what arrangements all things come to pass
Through the blue regions of the mighty world,-
Butchering animal is said to be
the production of meat requires for good health.
Abortion and destruction of
pressed against the glass
reflection from down
on the smooth surface
there once was a crazy animal
that liked to roll in a ball
then one fall
I'm writing to you from the loneliest, most
secluded island in the world. I mean,
the farthest away place from anything else.
'Do vegetarians eat animal crackers? '
Was what I was asked one day.
It was a man on the street,
Dreams I have we can stop animal cruelty.
Dear Lord, please will you grant me a wish that
the perpetrators of cruelty to twelve thousand caged bears in Asia will in the next life be born a bear,
It is beautiful wish
That finishes
With welfare for people
They walk like a majestic, behave like gentle animals
Elephants are known as the biggest mammal on earth
Let it be cultural or any other ceremonies they continue to
We are surely fool animal
If can't sense the downfall's arrival
Even insects and birds sense the danger
A passion which refused to ache,
I found her shadow,
with all of its colors,
animal joy
freedom from
all guiltsAll the animals
trundle by
on a conveyor belt.
How shall my animal
Whose wizard shape I trace in the cavernous skull,
Vessel of abscesses and exultation's shell,
Animal is seen for animal
But human is for unknown
I ask you don't respond.
My children planned a visit to a zoo,
They invited me, I replied with a shoo,
I already have a zoo inside, within me,
Few things rules the world,
And all are, almost all are very keen to it,
Like removing the clothes; bit by bit,
Poets are imagery animals
Wait for thoughts arrival
Think a lot and then write
2)  In animal durbar aliens' teeter-tottering on dandle board in the middle sat some rats and jumping cats unsure of anything tried to jump in both ways but the result is they stayed at the same in the theatre of absurd, really buffoons! Abracadabra!  Politico-clowns wore psycho gowns in their hands, magic wands ready to offer some sops to the both dwellers of pandemonium and harmonium: Sponsoring free tickets to all galaxies with a bonus ambrosia, lifetime guarantee - arrangements meeting with aliens, robot slaves, free WiFi www connections even in hamlets,1 kg gold, to kids, some toys: cycles, cars, elephants, sickle, fans, etc. Special offers to little boys teddy bears with hands; to little girls supplying lotus flowers 24/7 are only few to name: Mania, mania, election mania election shouted modern soothsayers in hallucination.
Fisherman bought fishing net, put some bait to catch a fish sang fisher man waving his hands to his sweethearts; oh sorry they are just his voters. Holy-moly In the animal durbar, playing chess teeter-tottered aliens on the dandle board, in the middle meddled so dumping rats and jumping cats on either side but unsure of anything jumped in both ways but the result is stayed at the same place in the theatre of absurd, oh real buffoons!
Rattrap peddler, just a meddler bought a trap, added some cheese crop and dropped to trap some special rats: "on my shirt, on my sleeves, in my pockets and in my collar are my lovers, only just lotus flowers, April fool in the election school! Abracadabra!  Politico-clowns wore psycho gowns in their hands, magic wands ready to offer some sops to the both dwellers of pandemonium and harmonium: Sponsoring free tickets to all galaxies with a bonus ambrosia, lifetime guarantee - arrangements meeting with aliens, robot slaves, free WiFi www connections even in hamlets and 1 kg gold -
Intelligent animal
Monday,4th May 2020
You could have been dog, cat or rat
Behind the smooth texture
Of my eyes, way inside me,
A part of me has died:
It’s not MY idea for a poem title, but
my wife’s, whose got me in a bridal bridle.
She’s lived with an animal before, but
Man, and animal
Confused, can't take a side
-like forward in football
MAN AND ANIMAL
Animal,
hunts,
Neither a part of the teeming herds
nor a rebel without cause,
Not one who is driven solely by ego,
O Love, dark animal,
With your strangeness go
Like any freak or clown:
Have you ever heard of a sheep-
that was a police officer?
arresting a lone wolf
My dear Monsieur,
Which party,
Do you party with?
Some people say man is social animal
He has to act liberal and mix with people
He may be guided by some belief
There lived a girl called Lovina,
Whose animal-love was great;
Tall, she was and so much lean, ah!
Blizzards, wildfires, Tsunamis and hurricanes caused no trauma
Nor earthquakes & erupted volcanoes did any catostopic drama
Bam, boom, bang, humanbomb blasted in a jungle causing death
Soon we got the answer.
Unable to find a man or animal
The king entered the forests
Let God turn his merciful eyes
To make successful our tries
We shall always thank for mercy
I.
Those human beings
who remain connected
Is it legal for me
To call myself an animal?
Whilst human is what I try to be
The world which was once beautiful,
Is now a dark blank scary place,
The memories which were treasured as life giving,
The Animal Planet
May 3, 2020
The animal planet
Thunder roars in the distance
His sense of loneliness deepens
He wishes he could feel emotion
There is an animal, with ferocious
Eyes, tamed and beautiful;
Sturdy hands filled with strength
I’m the only elephant in Phnomh Penh
No more of my kind you’ll see
My wife ran off from the killing fields
No earthquake, no thunder, no volcanic eruption
Or even there was not any of other natural calamities,
A sudden loud sound broke out all through the bush
Here goes the tale
A man went to jungle
Unzipped and started to pee
The Bloodthirsty More Than Ferocious Animal (Haiku Poetry)
January 28, 2020
▌
Like the easily startled deer,
A horse is prone to fear.
Millennia of being prey,
we are never
quite immediately aware of what we know
deep in our bones and consciousness
Animals don't lie,
So Why should we?
'Because we're very Sly,
The nocturnal animal who feels alright to move
Into the middle of nowhere,
Underneath the bridge, the canal the cradle
To Whom …..at US Postal Service …….it may concern:
At a board meeting I was recently troubled to learn …..
that you've gotten credit for creating 'Snail Mail'.
In order to make creation right,
in the beginning God said:
"Let there be light."
Why won't the acclaimedly intelligent beings of the animal world,
Called the humans,
Eventually understand the language of their fellow creatures?
The animals in the zoo must be taken care of,
but the Zoo Director who does it is not an animal.
He's studied the ideal diet of every species,
To sum up all, I'm old -- and that's
A fact the years decide;
It is a common thing with cats
Change of animal nature to human nature is needed
To aim for changing to divine nature finally sure!
Social animal to social human is what one needs to
Love is the most beautiful thing alive..
You might not think its alive, but it is.
Love is a living parasite who can make huge changes in their victim.
Man is basically wicked animal
No one can see his ideas even if naked
Either before computer or before sky
Animal is a creature:
A mammal,
Or beast,
She looks straight into my brown eyes
And creeps so very near
She pulls my hair so very hard
All babies are wonderful
When I see them I let out a squeak
But here is one baby that I know
We are waiting for the baby
To smile its sweet smiles
We are waiting for the baby
Her smile lit the night
Her laughter inspired angels
To sing and dance
Pregnant again she confides in a friend.
No where to go, no one will take her in.
Walking the streets in the dark of night.
As a drenched, drowned bee
Hangs numb and heavy from a bending flower,
So clings to me
A baby boy is born, a sweet, innocent black baby boy.
comes to this world as a –child—not a toy.
His needs will be different for he is a black male.
I knew that a baby was hid in that house,
Though I saw no cradle and heard no cry;
But the husband was tip-toeing 'round like a mouse,
A baby lay forgotten
In the womb of the dead mother;
Still breathing the last few breathes
When the bare feet of the baby beat across the grass
The little white feet nod like white flowers in the wind,
They poise and run like ripples lapping across the water;
This is my First Baby
Even though I'm still young
My life is not really stopping
A little baby girl screams out her silent cry
Knowing that her mother may chose for her to die
Abortion is a word she never wants to hear
This is your mother’s kiss, my child!
Don’t you worry: things will be fine;
Just eat and sleep and play awhile.
Acts on me my baby
Don’t let yourself stand there
I am here for you
Baby sleeping now
at her breast
self satisfied grin
Beautiful as a rose
Lovely as a tune,
I meet you up close
They are the Baby Boomers
Born to reunited families
Split by the war
Baby boy, you’re all I ever think about.
Your there, stuck in my head
I see you… I see you in my mind
My baby brother falls a lot.
I see how sad he feels.
Why don't baby brothers
He's fast asleep.  See how, O Wife,
Night's finger on the lip of life
Bids whist the tongue, so prattle-rife,
A baby soon will sleep in that crib
He will have lots of dreams
Soon you will have those sweet dreams baby
My mother gave me a baby doll,
And said it was my own to keep,
But something is wrong with this doll,
Large Baby eyes smiling joyfully at me,
Baby eyes as brown as can be.
Two deep pools most innocent and bright,
Everything has turned upside down,
but when ur around,
all my fears r gone,
He was such a tiny little man
Held in his mothers arms
Just starting life’s huge journey
Each day I listen to my heart
Mapping a path for our possible love start
My head speaks and so does my heart
so there you are in
your pram or kiddikarria
nicely tucked up,
Baby Love, walk with me
Hold my hand
Set me free
She was a precious little angel that
Came into their lives one wonderful day
Nothing could have made them happier
Baby sweet, baby mine,
King of Kings, so sublime,
Born for us on Christmas Day,
O precious newborn in our home
Gift of God's great love divine.
May caring angels smile on you
We were driving along the bay
My girl friend really needed a pee
I said go over that way
Out come two tiny feet
Mum wails
The head follows to complete
Baby on my mind
I can’t stop to think about you
It was hard for me to lose you
It's in the heart of the grape
where that smile lies.
It's in the good-bye-bow in the hair
Baby let me tell u how I feel
Baby let me love u till the end
Baby my heart is urs
Baby oh baby
That's it yeah baby
Watch out baby
When you were created, I knew I had found it.
The angel face, and beauty all around it.
Your heart is a creation of wonder.
I asked you, if you liked me, you said no.
i asked you if i was pretty, you said no.
i asked if i was in your heart, u said no.
baby do you kno how i fill
since you always want to keep it real
maybe we can do it this one time
NO!
I dont want her to grow up to be like me,
after all I have ever done and the only thing she has ever seen
From torrid heat to frigid cold
I've rovered land and sea;
And now, with halting heart I hold
Baby baby
Smile making
Laksh of refresh...
Baby tomorrow I wonder
Where my thoughts shall be
Oceans afar - asunder
Baby is dumb
Adult has wisdom
Babies are small and crawl
Blue Baby, we love you alot
Yup Baby, even though you're gone
Loca's Baby, like your other sibling
Were you born
ever to be a burden.
Then for your mom,
A bush baby baby am I,
Bouncing 'neath the baobob tree.
Not sure I'm a gal or guy,
hello world
you may not know me
but I know you
come baby...
come sweetheart...
let us change the classic way...
Dearest Baby,
My heart is broken.
Something terrible has happened,
A hot day in mid January and scarce a puff of breeze
And John and Dave in cherry picker up by power line trimming trees
The cut back from the line three metres and the order cut to code
Fate is a baby young eyes
In to a morning daybreak
How in the truth you rise
Covered in cake and icing,
Your smile stretched ear to ear.
Two candles celebrates,
When your heart is lost
I will be your world map
and take you to the top
Hey baby. It’s me.
We need to talk.
Things aren’t right
Liner Notes - (from No More Mister Nice Girl)
I was having a foul day. Some geezer harrassed me on the street and I got completely bent out of shape, but the guy was huge so I just stuffed my retort. Went home to drink coffee. No milk. I ripped through the cupboards and found Non Dairy Creamer. It tasted like shit. I got into one of those senseless rages where you throw stuff. I hurled the Non Dairy Creamer and it fell into the tub where I was running some bath water. The creamer erupted and made this bathing gel of Non Dairy Creamer. I was ready to kill myself. Instead I wrote Hey Baby.
So I'm walking down the street
In the lone place of the leaves,
Where they touch the hanging eaves,
There sprang a spray of joyous song that sounded sweet and sturdy;
Little girl
only three
bouncing on her Mummy's knee
Hush-a-by Baby
On the tree top,
When the wind blows
I know a baby, such a baby, -
Round blue eyes and cheeks of pink,
Such an elbow furrowed with dimples,
“I love you baby”
I whisper
As you leave for work.
Come and lay beside me
and kiss me my Baby..
Kiss me like only you can
Lets do it again baby
Because I need
To prove
Your voice
soft as a sea
washing me
Quite child, do not scream
Now is the time to dream
Pony rides and Puppy dogs
I see you upon a breath of light
Lying downward on this night
You are so small and sweet it seems
Little brown baby wif spa'klin' eyes,
Come to yo' pappy an' set on his knee.
What you been doin', suh -- makin' san' pies?
life without regrets,
you only get one chance.
try your best,
By day he was a plumber, a regular one of the boys,
But by night he ran Ladies Parties, selling fantasy sex-toys.
And when a plumbing he did go, the ladies liked his tools for sure
Maybe I love someone, and maybe I don’t
Maybe il tell him so, and maybe I wont.
Maybe im heartbroken, and he doesn’t see
i read in the newspaper about
a young woman raped
by an aquaintance;
It looked like a storm was brewing
Dark clouds were ominous, it’s true
Such stillness was in the air as well
Walking through the house
doing the usual cleaning
I begin to wonder
Together, my man and I
Lie together to join my baby and I.
The gracious Lord, how can this be?
Your the baby girl that brightened our world,
a suprise in a way,
and now that we have you here with us,
Beautiful little girl
That's what you are
With that cute little curl
The long nights are never much boring
my dear hubby takes care of that
playing simple tunes to 'amuse'
my baby is in heaven above.
i knew god will give him lots of love.
god took my baby from me.
My sweet little baby, when you were born into my life
you made me to forget my worries and strife
I can recollect the day your mother and me met
Softly comes the night,
Moon Woman walks the land.
Rest well, my little one,
Nature Baby as free as a bird
Nature Baby not speaking a word
Nature Baby living day by day
You listen
with twisting awkwardness
squirming in
Ode to baby
In some small ways when you think about it
How much happiness he will give you when he arrives
When your mother was crying in pain,
I took her to hospital, then I heard your
mother's loud scream along with your soft cry
We're gonna have a baby!
Daddy told me yesterday.
A baby brother or a sister,
They emerge; and as they do,
your whole world is re-shaped;
you’re stunned - as Adam must have been -
He lay within a warm, soft world
Of motion. Colors bloomed and fled,
Maroon and turquoise, saffron, red,
I try and rise above the fear-induced fog in my mind
Above the lemon-rind bitterness that loving and leaving
Leaves behind, residual regret resounds off the walls
$5000.00 for every new baby born in America
They heard your promise and they will come in droves
With pregnant underbelly and ovens warm
Baby, sweet baby, with tears in your eyes
Rest your head gently, there's no need to cry,
Come let me sing you a soft lullaby
the time i dropped your almost body down
down to meet the waters under the city
and run one with the sewage to the sea
An elderly person - a prophet by trade -
With his quips and tips
On withered old lips,
Little baby firefly
when your night is through
does your mommy tuck you in
volanic eruption
baby turtles flocks
out of the sand
fengshui master
hatched turtles know instantly
the direction to head for
Clouds gather
as we gather
cloudberries
You flew in softly and tiptoed in my life
My parched soul got a reprieve
My heart is now your permanent home
As the nightingale sings its song
And the serpent slides into where it belongs
The fox after its feast gets up and yawns
I was hoping to find you there
But you are gone
My heart is in tatters
There the kites come
Head grasped in the children’s hands
Looking for wind
Walking Along The Beach In Nova Scotia
Walking barefoot  in the sand
on a quiet Sunday morning
1. The Public Pier
Here beyond the screaming beach,
the volleyball and surfers,
FAT dragons spoil the
fitches, plead says
john, before i take the
While children playing
And parents walking along
Beach is playground now!Golden Moon has appeared high above the night Sea;
Heavy wind is blowing fast after a long spell of heat;
Sea looks beautiful enticing new comers to swim soon!
The two of us alone on that stony Cheathrú Rua beach
On a July evening that almost seemed like my reason for being.
It was our last day together and the sun was burning strong.
I sit here in my cups wondering
where it all went and why.
Fishermen cleaning their wares along
One summer's day, with nothing better to do,
I went to the beach to enjoy the view.
Lots of cute babes lying around in the sand
An umbrella being dragged at the day's end.
A seagull churns its wings,
avoiding sunlight,
My owners they took me to the beach
They parked facing the sea it was in reach
But I was ready to make my escape
I don't know if Poetry Lover
(hereafter called plover,
a shore bird with short tail)
I stood on a sandy beach
on an April weekend.
The sun was shining bright
Why not long walks on the beach
Whispering sweet nothings to each
Walking bare foot in the sand
At your side, I will stand, together we'll walk, through the sand. With the setting sun, and a summer breeze, reflecting our love, on the open seas. A walk on the beach, I will share, hand in hand, we walk with care. Making our hearts, strong and brave, along with the passions, of thee ocean waves. Together in love, our souls will teach, and guide our future, as we walk on the beach. For I am in love...oh, , sadness...
your circle killing me..
and your memories waves flooded me..
I’ll go among the dead to see my friend.
The place I leave is beautiful: the sea
Repeats the winds’ far swell in its long sound,
Let’s talk while we walk on the sandy beach
The moon kissed sand cold under our feet
Makes our feeling’s warm, desires hot
She sits on the arenaceous beach
with her legs extended out in front
and her hands behind her back
At The Beach
You roll down the window
And even before you see it
Many have trod
this sandy beach
seeking for shells.
at the beach
building castles
all of sand
Pebbles on the beach
Pierce through our heels as we walk
A mild price to pay
The largest stones are piled against the sea-wall
since that huge storm, a hundred years ago.
For the sea will never leave the beach alone –
Beach, beach,
Here is Puri
Here is Lord of all
Softly and humbly to the Gulf of Arabs
The convoys of dead sailors come;
At night they sway and wander in the waters far under,
Sitting on the beach chairs
watching the setting sun
holding hands and reminiscing
footprints of sandpipers
were so transient
the sea a sandwiper
While you walk the water's edge,
turning over concepts
I can't envision, the honking buoy
On the beach of dreams, we sit
watching a never setting sun.
Never wondering how long
Beach
Sunny, warm
Quiet, calm, wonderful
Fine, warm sand under the skin;
breeze playing with the long hair;
seagull`s yells and distant babel;
As I walk along the deserted beach
I feel the damp sand surronding my feet
I feel the cool relaxing breeze creep up upon me with ease
beach volleyball today.
you wear your cap
to protect you from the sun.
Silver white sands spill from my hands
As they flow the grip tightening shows
They cannot be contained, they cant be owned
there is something about the ocean
that brings out the earth-mother in me
it is a place i love to go to write or
Paradise is the word,
no other to be called,
a beach like no other
I am walking along a street, on soft asphalt,  and
I am sticking heels  into the zebra.
of the marquise on the other side firmly heated up.
One of my fav poemzz.......
The sea is calm to-night.
The tide is full, the moon lies fair
The sea is calm to-night.
The tide is full, the moon lies fair
Upon the straits; - on the French coast the light
As shingle slides upon the shore
this gentle summer night, we stroll,
the great bear pointing to the pole
Come praise unnecessary wars, although
Videos and narratives must disprove
Theses of  conspiracy theorists, who
Down to the beach
Down to the beach
On a sunny day we go
Little surfer chic
Cleaning out my clock.
Including a schematic,
IT is a beauteous evening, calm and free,
The holy time is quiet as a Nun
Breathless with adoration; the broad sun
In his tenth July some instinct
taught him to arm the waiting wave,
a giant where its mouth hung open.
(Nonasyllabics)
In retrospect the tragic nature
of sea is a taste wept too daily,
Palilan, Jimenez, Misamis Ocidental
circa 1996
here
THE SUNLIGHT glitters keen and bright,
Where, miles away,
Lies stretching to my dazzled sight
As we walked along the beach, crashing waves
thundered in our ears and a light, salted mist,
dampened our lips.
somewhere in my darkness there was a spark
today it ignited rare thoughts of you
only seconds before....
I saw from the beach, when the morning was shining,
A bark o'er the waters move gloriously on;
I came when the sun o'er that beach was declining,
On a summer break
Do not read your law books
It is a chance for you
Plash…keesh… plash…keesh
the waves throw themselves
onto the pebbly beach,
"Tie stille, barn min!
Imorgen kommer Fin,
Fa'er din,
just hold my hand, love
lead me to heaven
under the stars
To the beach, my dog and I run,
Play catch frisbees, just for fun.
Umbrella's to block the sun,
Cloudless the day with blue vaulting it's way
Into the air and sea. Running the length
Of the cove and foaming at breakpoint, swaying
We went to the beach to get wind in our hair
to stand on the sand and simply to stare.
To let the surf tickle toes and dampen our clothes
When Mother was a young girl,
what would she have felt
to be shown how her life would turn out—
My Garden—like the Beach—
Denotes there be—a Sea—
That's Summer—
Along side the sea shore I walk,
Alone, none by my side to talk,
Every evening in the Juhu Beach,
Early one evening
I caught the lore
Of the fresh air
Hmm... such a fresh air I smell
On the beach of the dreamland,
Hmm… the sun seems to fit so well,
a nude beach
looks like fun
yet my pale moon
Omaha Beach.
Who fought for freedom there?
Was there a single coward
On A Far Away Beach At Dawn
Your face is etched in the stars that dot a sky about to lose its black
Mirrored as a reflection on a luminous sheet of sea at low tide
On a rocky beach
I fished my fresh fish
From that rocky beach
Wind whines and whines the shingle,
The crazy pierstakes groan;
A senile sea numbers each single
ON the beach at night alone,
As the old mother sways her to and fro, singing her husky song,
As I watch the bright stars shining--I think a thought of the clef of
ON the beach, at night,
Stands a child, with her father,
Watching the east, the autumn sky.
The waves race up the shore,
and then retreat quickly.
It’s hard to tell what they seek
At dawn, bare footed, viewing as far as eyes can reach,
the water's edge advances and recedes along the beach.
Before me I see a carpet of half-buried shells of sea-creatures,
Please don't tie me up in a relation,
please don't ask me silly questions,
please don't take away me freedom,
Waves crashing on the beach
Sand in my toes
Sun setting
It is always the dispossessed—
someone driving a huge rusted Dodge
that’s burning oil, and must cost
There are things in life that everybody wants….
She believes that in order to find the perfect shell
one has to comb a lot of beaches; walking for miles
a mother tells a story to her son
'there are three men
one of them went to the beach
Oh they won't let us show it at the beach no they won't let us show it at the beach
They think we're gonna grab it if it gets within our reach
And they won't let us show it at the beach
Standing On The Beach
We are standing on the beach
Watching the sunset slowly go down
Birds swimming in the sky
Colours blended with the kite
Beach's gleaming in sandy white
that beach where we sit together
beside the sea
where our hands stretch out
I'd like to return to the world again,
To the dutiful, work-a-day world of men, -
For I'm sick of the beach-comber's lot,
The summer we spent at the beach
left us far from where we started.
You were content to spend your days,
The beach is where I want to go,
To listen to the ocean voices ebb and flow.
Lather on the sun block,
Salt spray on your lips
crashing waves crescendo in your ears
breaking upon cragged rocks
I'll walk beside you hand in hand
Where the golden surf cries out for land.
With every dream within our reach
I once ate a peach on the beach.Louder than gulls the little children scream
Whom fathers haul into the jovial foam;
But others fearlessly rush in, breast high,
Squat, unshaven, full of gas,
Joseph Samuels, former clerk
in four large cities, out of work,
FOR the fairest maid in Hampton
They needed not to search,
Who saw young Anna favor
Upon a lonely desart Beach
Where the white foam was scatter'd,
A little shed uprear'd its head
Oh, how I missed you, Lonely Beach,
Where I have left my soul,
The rugged rocks surround me,
lift your skirt
thump your feet to the waves
a flamenco at beach
April Cannon Beach
the sea lions too taken up
by the sights
We walked on the beach
my shadow and I.
Rocks protruded
When I walk om Margate’s beach
something is caught,
in the sound of the breaking waves
We would climb the highest dune,
from there to gaze and come down:
the ocean was performing;
I dreamed about an Easterbunny
on Zuma Beach, where it was sunny.
She would have graced big city malls
Sun soaked revelations
on a patio deck.
I had long forgotten
young women, old women
in their heart
despite the years
Standing on the edge of nothingness
the wind of regret blowing through me
as my deamons dance the ring of deception
All my days before yesterday
Were for me just a joke…
My heart is bouncing inside me now
I walked to the cliff top to watch the sunset
thinking of you and the time that we met
I watched as the sun drifted down from the sky
When the sun rise in the morning
then you shine like a brighten lady
When the moon set in the evening
you appear there
in front of me
very nearly transparent
The stars glisten……,
Around the moon…..,
Like the eyes of angels…,
When you smile:
Your eyes shine so bright,
you get this grin on your face that could melt ice
Corinna, Pride of Drury-Lane,
For whom no Shepherd sighs in vain;
Never did Covent Garden boast
Beautiful is the 'thank you'
Wrapped with gratitude,
Offered to peace prone people
O beautiful for spacious skies,
For amber waves of grain,
For purple mountain majesties
The mountains and glens of Aberfoyle are beautiful to sight,
Likewise the rivers and lakes are sparkling and bright;
And its woods were frequented by the Lady of the Lake,
I suppose we start with Lipstick
Red, Cherrie, spread on nice and Thick
Then a hair piece, or a Wig
Beautiful
This world,
Beautiful
Beautiful Balmermo on the bonnie banks of Tay,
It's a very bonnie spot in the months of June or May;
The scenery there is charming and fascinating to see,
Ye lovers of the picturesque, away and see
Beautiful Balmoral, near by the River Dee;
There ye will see the deer browsing on the heathery hills,
Really beautiful,
Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful,
Nothing but beautiful.
A shimmering of your hair
As I glance in awe
A quiver of your lips
How Beautiful of birds
of the air,
seeing their awesome
I never knew the beauty was there.
I was a little girl with curvaceous hips, and thighs.
I was perfect in size.
Blue eyes so full of life
A wonder all of their own
So beautiful and precious
Beautiful city
Beautiful city, the centre and crater of European confusion,
O you with your passionate shriek for the rights of an equal
Ye lovers of the picturesque, away, away!
To beautiful Comrie and have a holiday;
Aud bask in the sunahine and inhale the fragrant air
Ye lovers of the picturesque, if ye wish to drown your grief,
Take my advice, and visit the ancient town of Crieff;
The climate is bracing, and the walks lovely to see.
Roll on, roll on, and stare!
Beautiful daughters of heaven
Three-sixty-five, Twenty-four-seven
frost bitten rain drop
watched by crystal eyes
spinning in whirl-winds
1     Beautiful dreamer, wake unto me,
2     Starlight and dewdrops are waiting for thee;
3     Sounds of the rude world heard in the day,
Beautiful city of Edinburgh, most wonderful to be seen,
With your ancient palace of Holyrood and Queen's Park Green,
And your big, magnificent, elegant New College,
We loved eachother
Our hearts were warm
You loved me
Inner voice
straining to be heard
Evincing what I already
As I walked down the steps,
my eyes caught your innocence.
The moisture on your lips
BEAUTIFUL lofty things:  O'Leary's noble head;
My father upon the Abbey stage, before him a raging crowd:
'This Land of Saints,' and then as the applause died out,
They look at my dark complexion and they laugh.
But that don’t bother me.
For I’m beautiful.
Beautiful Monikie! with your trees and shrubberies green
And your beautiful walks, most charming to be seen:
'Tis a beautiful place for pleasure-seekers to resort,
All ye tourists who wish to be away
From the crowded city for a brief holiday;
The town of Nairn is worth a visit, I do confess,
Bonnie Mary, the Maid o' the Tay,
Come! Let's go, and have a holiday
In Newport, on the braes o' the silvery Tay,
North Berwick is a watering-place with golfing links green,
With a fine bathing beach most lovely to be seen;
And there's a large number of handsome villas also,
It ought to be lovely to be old
to be full of the peace that comes of experience
and wrinkled ripe fulfilment.
Don’t cover your face with your long bangs;
Try to hide your figure with your hands.
Look away when eyes lock into yours
Honesty is beautiful
Kindness is beautiful
Intelligence is beautiful
The grass is green
I can be seen,
I am so mean
Your so beautiful
Beautiful to me
Your so beautiful
And he showed me a pure River of Water of Life, clear as crystal, proceeding out of the Throne of God and of the Lamb." -- Rev. xxii. 1
Shall we gather at the river
Where bright angel feet have trod;
Off on the prairie, where the balmy air
Kisses the waving corn,
There lives a farmer, with a daughter fair--
Beautiful Rothesay, your scenery is most grand,
You cannot be surpassed in fair Scotland.
Tis healthy for holiday makers, to go there,
All ye lovers of the picturesque, away
To beautiful Torquay and spend a holiday
'Tis health for invalids for to go there
To Original Music
The people in this nation,
Have kept for many years,
The village of Penicuik, with its neighbouring spinning mills,
Is most lovely to see, and the Pentland Hills;
And though of a barren appearance and some parts steep,
WOMEN sit, or move to and fro- some old,
some young;
The young are beautiful- but the old are more beautiful than the
Young lovers entwined on the grass
On a beautiful hot summer's day;
Weary new parents breaking into a smile
Beauty is not a superficial form
Each has their own in essential nature
And in the actions they perform
Because you’re Beautiful
This poem’s addressed
To you
It is raining again
In Detroit tonight, Susan.
I happen to think
Pink’s pretty passion, Red’s re-revelries
Blue’s babbling brook, Green’s gracefully glee
Purple’s past presence, Orange's overseas
Crazy Loneliness Hijacks Memory of a Beautiful Girl
Last night
I missed you so much
Tears are falling,
From beautiful eyes.
Tears are falling,
If you see me roaming Woodward Avenue
Down by the Majestic Theater,
I’ll be humming a song and digging the homeless,
Oh, Marcia,
I want your long blonde beauty
to be taught in high school,
God's beautiful sky
you hold the earth in place
your friends surround your beautiful face
You shape my bones into your hunting coat.
Rain slants like needles through the falling air.
The field is vast with the old blood of leaves.
Great, wide, beautiful, wonderful World,
With the wonderful water round you curled,
And the wonderful grass upon your breast--
How beautiful
is the morning,
when the sun
If only I could write a beautiful love poem
I would write it special and only to you
If only I could write a beautiful love poem
We were both sitting
In a little non-descript bar
Where the loneliness
Beautiful - beautiful morning outside,
Bright with the sunshine and glows in the sky.
Birdies are singing and dewdrops are falling:
If you choose it, no one can get any...but lose a lot
When a flower was faded
You needn't to die
Dear Johnny, I return my thanks to you;
But more than thanks is your due
For publishing the scurrilous poetry about me
On a warm sultry night last August,
I went to a rock concert featuring Liz Phair
And several other female artists.
All things bright and beautiful,
All creatures great and small,
All things wise and wonderful,
I have two beautiful children
Was it excellent? A daughter and a son
The chubby twelve yrs old is Pim
My dove, my beautiful one,
Arise, arise!
The night-dew lies
In a world of barbies, implants and a size 26 waist
heartache's no more prevalent than in her with a beautiful face.
No more wanted for her looks than her heart
Beautiful landscape! I could look on thee
For hours,--unmindful of the storm and strife,
And mingled murmurs of tumultuous life.
A Brother and Sister
O I admire and sorrow! The heart’s eye grieves
Discovering you, dark tramplers, tyrant years.
Simplicity is beauty,
Purity, divinity;
The virtue of quality
a Korean woman
had been sitting
in my cultural awareness class,
Something beautiful
You gave me,
Alive and
IF when the sun at noon displays
His brighter rays,
Thou but appear,
X
Yet, love, mere love, is beautiful indeed
And worthy of acceptation. Fire is bright,
Gloomy faces in grocery stores
Traverse the aisles of the vegetables.
No one seems happy plotting out
The beautiful American word, Sure,
As I have come into a room, and touch
The lamp's button, and the light blooms with such
Beautiful, black-eyed boy,
O lithe-limbed Beeshareen!
Face that finds no maid coy,
They drift down the hall together;
He smiles in her lifted eyes.
Like waves of that mighty river
One wading a Fall meadow finds on all sides
The Queen Anne's Lace lying like lilies
On water; it glides
Beautiful Ancient City of Perth,
One of the grandest on the earth,
With your stately mansions and streets so clean,
I love you more than my old soccer cleats,
The ones I’ll never give up.
I love you more than the perfect field,
Come, cuddle your head on my shoulder, dear,
Your head like the golden-rod,
And we will go sailing away from here
What gives it power makes it change its mind
At each extreme, and lean its rising rain
Down low, first one and then the other way;
The mountain valley is the place of nature's gift
Through out the season it shower with beautiful nature
When you stand in between the mountain valley
Now I leave this cottage lowly,
Where my love hath made her home,
And with silent footstep slowly
I go to bed in Los Angeles thinking
about you.Beautiful Sun! with thy golden rays,
To God, the wise Creator, be all praise;
For thou nourisheth all the creation,
Take the showers of April
The roses of June
The lazy sun of August
Two genii are there, from thy birth through weary life to guide thee;
Ah, happy when, united both, they stand to aid beside thee?
With gleesome play to cheer the path, the one comes blithe with beauty,
The world is a beautiful place
to be born into
if you don't mind happiness
If I am not in your life, do not mind
However, I will come in your dreams every night
Every night I will come and sit, in front of you
Weary not of us, for we are very beautiful; it is out of very jealousy and proper pride that we entered the veil.
On the day when we cast of the body’s veil from the soul, you will see that we are the envy of despair of man and the Polestars.
Wash your face and become clean for beholding us, else remain afar, for we are beloveds of ourselves.
You are beautiful
Your love shines right through me
Every time I hear your name
Walk straight into the blissful arms
Of a new day,
Create an invigorating mindset
i woke up
my body was cold
i climbed off the bed
We can appreciate the energy in art
and feel strong in the transfusion,
but then time keeps dripping,
Ah whither, Love, wilt thou now carry me?
What wontless fury dost thou now inspire
Into my feeble breast, too full of thee?
Rapt with the rage of mine own ravish'd thought,
Through contemplation of those goodly sights,
And glorious images in heaven wrought,
These evil days require you to grit your teeth in misery to survive,
But you have to realize life is more
Than staying alive:
If this our little life is but a day
In the Eternal, - if the years in vain
Toil after hours that never come again, -
A thing of beauty is a joy for ever:
Its lovliness increases; it will never
Pass into nothingness; but still will keep
The beauty of a ruin may be best
appreciated by a rank outsider,
observing it as uninvited guest,
For Ann London
As you described your mastectomy in calm detail
and bared your chest so I might see
The perfect American Beauty Rose,
is it diminished
by the slag heaps on Rt. 11, just west
The sovereign beauty which I do admire,
Witness the world how worthy to be praised:
The light whereof hath kindled heavenly fire
In vain, poor Nymph, to please our youthful sight
You sleep in cream and frontlets all the night,
Your face with patches soil, with paint repair,
AH whither, Love, wilt thou now carry me?
What wontless fury dost thou now inspire
Into my feeble breast, too full of thee?
Rapt with the rage of mine own ravish'd thought,
Through contemplation of those goodly sights,
And glorious images in heaven wrought,
I was a 20 year old unemployed receptionist with dyed orange dreadlocks sprouting out of my skull. I needed a job, but first, I needed a haircut.
So I head for this beauty salon on Avenue B.
I'm gonna get a hairdo.
Squire Adam had two wives, they say,
Two wives had he, for his delight,
He kissed and clypt them all the day
When Beauty and Beauty meet
All naked, fair to fair,
The earth is crying-sweet,
there is something about the ocean
that brings out the earth-mother in me
it is a place i love to go to write or
Beauty arise, show forth thy glorious shining,
Thine eyes feed love, for them he standeth pining ;
Honor and youth attend to do their duty
BEAUTY clear and fair,
Where the air
Rather like a perfume dwells;
Beauty imposes reverence in the Spring,
Grave as the urge within the honeybuds,
It wounds us as we sing.
Theres a poem in every flower,
a sonnet in every tree,
a tale in every lifetime
I am black
I am beautiful
inside and out
Beauty marks are meant for kissing...
This girl's are found in places pleasing:
On her neck, scented and lissome,
516
Beauty—be not caused—It Is—
Chase it, and it ceases—
The beauty of a Summer's day begins
Watching the bright, morning sun rise,
Dew upon the lawn and roses,
I don’t desire to wear a sad face too long
When I know I live in a world of flowers and birds
And that the evening will usher in a sky of scattered stars,
Age is just a state of mind
And this we know for sure -
It isn't like some rare disease
WHAT does it mean? Tired, angry, and ill at ease,
No man, woman, or child alive could please
Me now. And yet I almost dare to laugh
Beauty is in the eyes of the beholder
Beauty is in all things.
Beauty is in the sky.
Say not of beauty she is good,
Or aught but beautiful,
Or sleek to doves' wings of the wood
Even as on some black background full of night
And hollow storm in cloudy disarray,
The forceful brush of some great master may
Look in my eyes, what do you see,
Beauty of the inner me.
Deep down in your heart, what do you feel,
Most people find beauty in looks,
But I find beauty from the written words in books.
I find beauty in the sun set and sun rise.
Beauty comes within.
Not within the heart
But further, beauty within the soul.
The beautiful, the fair, the elegant,
Is that which pleases us, says Kant,
Without a thought of interest or advantage.
beauty is a gift of god
love and affection
beauty and warmth
You say that you can picture me sitting in my chair.
What is it that you picture when you look from over there?
Do you envision beauty or an ugly, wrinkled hag?
There was in her face,
in the contours of her
beauty lines
I
FAIR is my Love and cruel as she 's fair;
Her brow-shades frown, although her eyes are sunny.
And a poet said, 'Speak to us of Beauty.'
Where shall you seek beauty, and how shall you find her unless she herself be your way and your guide?
And how shall you speak of her except she be the weaver of your speech?
The beautiful, the fair, the elegant,
Is that which pleases us, says Kant,
Without a thought of interest or advantage.
One heavy day I ran away from the grim face of society and the dizzying clamor of the city and directed my weary step to the spacious alley. I pursued the beckoning course of the rivulet and the musical sounds of the birds until I reached a lonely spot where the flowing branches of the trees prevented the sun from the touching the earth.
I stood there, and it was entertaining to my soul - my thirsty soul who had seen naught but the mirage of life instead of its sweetness.
I was engrossed deeply in thought and my spirits were sailing the firmament when a hour, wearing a sprig of grapevine that covered part of her naked body, and a wreath of poppies about her golden hair, suddenly appeared to me. As she she realized my astonishment, she greeted me saying, 'Fear me not; I am the Nymph of the Jungle.'
Beauty is warm and cold
Beauty is black and bold
Beauty is different for us all I am told
Consider
a girl who keeps slipping off,
arms limp as old carrots,
Can beauty remain beauty without light?
No beauty survives without light in sight
To endure the pangs sharp of age in flight,
The falling of snowflakes coming down
Making a blanket of white on the ground.
Autumn with red and gold-leaves,
As if chiseled, a fruit-laden branch
Hangs in my garden, asleep - so low...
The trees sleep - and dream? - in moonlight;
Drunken mystics
Reveal simple truths
Like the fragility
I went for a walk with my love
down to an old vacant lot she took me
littered, and broken up
For beauty I am not a star,
There are others more perfect by far,
But my face I don't mind it,
'Twas at that hour of beauty when the setting sun
squandereth his cloudy bed with rosy hues, to flood
his lov'd works as in turn he biddeth them Good-night;
Beauty like hers is genius. Not the call
Of Homer's or of Dante's heart sublime, --
Not Michael's hand furrowing the zones of time, --
God scatters beauty as he scatters flowers
O'er the wide earth, and tells us all are ours.
A hundred lights in every temple burn,
When my arms wrap you round I press
My heart upon the loveliness
That has long faded from the world;
O CLOUD-PALE eyelids, dream-dimmed eyes,
The poets labouring all their days
To build a perfect beauty in rhyme
The awful shadow of some unseen Power
Floats through unseen among us, -- visiting
This various world with as inconstant wing
I died for beauty but was scarce
Adjusted in the tomb,
When one who died for truth was lain
I died for beauty, but was scarce
Adjusted in the tomb,
When one who died for truth was lain
Looking over the fields towards the Sun,
Observing that the rain had just begun,
A freshness seemed to permeate the air,
Know Celia, since thou art so proud,
'Twas I that gave thee thy renown;
Thou hadst, in the forgotten crowd
It is not Beauty I demand,
A crystal brow, the moon's despair,
Nor the snow's daughter, a white hand,
There is a power whose inspiration fills
Nature's fair fabric, sun- and star-inwrought,
Like airy dew ere any drop distils,
Beauty is the sensation of your heart skipping a beat,
when eyes full of mischief glance at you...
Beauty is the smile which appears on your lips, when you think of the way he smiles at you...
O beauty, passing beauty! Sweetest sweet!
How can thou let me waste my youth in sighs?
I only ask to sit beside thy feet.
EXULTING BEAUTY,­phantom of an hour,
Whose magic spells enchain the heart,
Ah! what avails thy fascinating pow'r,
Who gave thee, O Beauty!
The keys of this breast,
Too credulous lover
Is that the only way we can become like Indians, like Rhinoceri,
like Quartz Crystals, like organic farmers, like what we imagine
Adam & Eve to’ve been, caressing each other with trembling limbs
Glory be to God for dappled things --
For skies of couple-colour as a brinded cow;
For rose-moles all in stipple upon trout that swim;
Blest be the dawn, the luminous blue-slate,
the arch transfused by the glorious sun,
and blackbirds chanting hymnals in prickly bushes,
Some say beauty is only skin deep, and to some this may apply.
Outward appearance is not real beauty, I'll tell you the reason why.
For true beauty lies within the soul, and comes from the heart.
Your two great eyes will slay me suddenly;
Their beauty shakes me who was once serene;
Straight through my heart the wound is quick and keen.
Cold winds can never freeze, nor thunder sour
The cup of cheer that Beauty draws for me
Out of those Azure heavens and this green earth --
It's unlikely but true -
Your physical attraction
Entertains me
She lay safe in my arms
her eyes closed  in sleep,
I gazed  at her beautiful features
I'LL gaze no more on her bewitching face,
Since ruin harbours there in every place ;
For my enchanted soul alike she drowns
O, how much more doth beauty beauteous seem
By that sweet ornament which truth doth give!
The rose looks fair, but fairer we it deem
The flesh gets beauty, when draped by its skin;
The soul loses beauty, when filled by sin;
The beauty of things is seen when revealed;
Bright star of beauty, on whose eyelids sit
A thousand nymph-like and enamour'd Graces,
The Goddesses of Memory and Wit,
Beauty, sweet love, is like the morning dew
Whose short refresh upon the tender green
Cheers for a time but till the Sun doth show,
Snowdrop of dogs, with ear of brownest dye,
Like the last orphan leaf of naked tree
Which shudders in black autumn; though by thee,
If Beauty thus be clouded with a frown,
That pity shines no comfort to my bliss,
And vapors of disdain so overfrown,
Under the arch of Life, where love and death,
Terror and mystery, guard her shrine, I saw
Beauty enthroned; and though her gaze struck awe,
It's early autumn
The Fort Worth International Airport
Waiting with her every beauty
Part One - The Calling
Let me sleep, for my soul is intoxicated with love and
Let me rest, for my spirit has had its bounty of days and nights;
I am the beauty
The beauty in the summer *the heat*
We ignore it
988
The Definition of Beauty is
That Definition is none—
Beauty no other thing is, than a beam
Flash'd out between the middle and extreme.Krishna passed that mountain many times;
and yet his followers observed that day
that all his mind was filled with fresh delight
Brittle beauty, that nature made so frail,
Whereof the gift is small, and short the season;
Flow'ring today, tomorrow apt to fail,
Don’t go downward
Into dark sunless thoughts;
Don’t remove tenderness
I BADE, because the wick and oil are spent
And frozen are the channels of the blood,
My discontented heart to draw content
There was intoxication in the air;
The wind, keen blowing from across the seas,
O'er leagues of new-ploughed land and heathery leas,
WHEN from my cheek I lift my veil,
The roses turn with envy pale,
And from their pierced hearts, rich with pain,
HE that loves a rosy cheek,
Or a coral lip admires,
Or from star-like eyes doth seek
DEAR fellow-artist, why so free
With every sort of company,
With every Jack and Jill?
To what serves mortal beauty ' —dangerous; does set danc-
ing blood—the O-seal-that-so ' feature, flung prouder form
Than Purcell tune lets tread to? ' See: it does this: keeps warm
May I find a woman fair,
And her mind as clear as air,
If her beauty go alone,
The bleak of winter leaves me among despair
Thier is only anger and chill in the air
No happiness or laughing
Your beauty makes my heart skip a beat...
from the anticipation of when we meet,
Your beauty knows no height,
I bought a dishmop--
having no daughter--
for they had twisted
Comfortable, oh yes comfortable
but how to explain
the other things
She'll love you 'til her dying day,
and just to prove it
she'll take it out regularly on her Mom,
SAINT THYAGARAJA
BRIEF INTRODUCTION
The Saint Thyagaraja was born on the 4th May,1767
SWAMI VIVEKANANDA (A brief introduction)
Swami Vivekananda (Narendranath Datta)    was born on 12-01-1863 at Kolkata and died on 04-07-1902 at 39 years of age.  He was a disciple of Guru Ramakrishna Paramahamsa, who worshiped Mother Kali. Swamiji was the first religious ambassador to America, in which land he was recognized for his talents and deep knowledge in the Hindu ancient scriptures and religion.  He was advocating for Universal Religion.  Every world citizen should read his speeches in 9 Volumes released by the Ramakrishna Mission Association..   His life story starts with the Birth of Hinduism.
THE BIRTH OF HINDUISM
(Born on 12-1-1863)
The Land of Bengal is famous
For all kinds of noble causes,
Who know thee, love: thy life be such
That, ere the year be o'er,
Each one who loves thee now so much,
oh! wake up my lovely princess,
allow the sun to rise for you,
and sprinkle its golden rays,
The Child is rocked on Mary's knee,
Cold in the stall this bitter night,
And 'Lullalay-loo,' soft singeth she,
… a birth of a day
an endless - gifted
wrapped in maddening passion
Has any one thought over?
Almighty has given gift to him or her
How does the ideas emanate from void mind?
DAVID.
What means yon apparition in the sky,
Thirsis, that dazzles every shepherd's eye?
'Tis fit SERENA shou'd be sung.
High-born SERENA, Fair and Young,
Shou'd be of ev'ry Muse and Voice
I'm a disgrace to the life
I lived as a girl—
she would be ashamed
You that on Stars do look,
Arrest not there your sight,
Though Natures fairest Book,
In numbers, and but these few,
I sing thy birth, oh JESU!
Thou pretty Baby, born here,
Flower buds sleep,
hiding dreams inside.
Universe rests in grain of pollen.
This day, dear Bec, is thy nativity;
Had Fate a luckier one, she'd give it ye.
She chose a thread of greatest length,
All things within this fading world hath end,
Adversity doth still our joys attend;
No ties so strong, no friends so dear and sweet,
(written when i was 12)
nobody tells us
where they go to
Birth and death, twin-sister and twin-brother,
Night and day, on all things that draw breath,
Reign, while time keeps friends with one another
I who have known thee, Birth, must know Death too:
As old, old men their children's children fold
In their gaunt arms, and though their blood be cold
Death is certain for birth.
Is birth certain for death?
Post-birth is pre-death.
(Dedictaed to Unborn Sufferers and Victims)
Who stopped my pulsation
In first days of life exaltation?
I don't care what you say
I don't care how much you deny it
You can't dance your wicked way around the truth anymore
Birth Day....(my friend's birth day)
shiddath se tha muntazir voh apne janam din ka,
milega kuch aisa thohfa, hoga farhat e jan o dil ka...
O my faithful Friend!
O early chosen, ever found the same,
And trusted and beloved! once more the verse
Small is the new-born plant scarce seen
Amid the soft encircling green,
Where yonder budding acorn rears,
And wouldst thou seek the low abode
Where PEACE delights to dwell?
Pause Traveller on thy way of life!
as i remember my day
with the angel by the side
embracing the time unstocked
For Alexandra, born May 17, 1999
Armored in red, her voice commands
every corner. Bells gong on squares,
Joy is a trick in the air; pleasure is merely
contemptible, the dangled
Carrot the ass follows to market or precipice;
BIRTH IS BEGINNING
Birth is beginning,
Hope is its name-
Behold her,
Running through the waves
Eager to reach the land;
… birth of a day
An endlessness, gifted:
maddening passion
I tried and tried again
To write a poem from beginning to end.
Though this is what I planned at first.
a prisoner
of my own wish,
for loneliness.
As women are full with their
unborn children, so it is that
I am filled with my unborn words.
no religion will bring it to you
no merchant can supply it.
no king may decree it.
The dark hour.
Pitch black.
The night sparks,
It was quiet
as bone.
I felt I was
Oh happy days, we chide the voluptuous
memories began by youthful inclinations
the gleeful hours not wasted beyond,
In an open field I sit,
my life has turned to shit;
as I take this blade,
You can never lose that part of you
Our hearts were beating as one
You nourished me made a home for me
Before we knew
anything at all about sex
we knew
Blind from my birth,
Where flowers are springing
I sit on earth
Our vows are heard betimes, and heaven takes care
To grant, before we can conclude the prayer;
Preventing angels met it half the way,
Gautama Buddha was the founder of Buddhism Religion.  He was born in 560 BC and died at the age of 80 in 480 BC.  His life story is known to the world as a popular reformer in the spiritual world. His life story goes:
GAUTAMA BUDDHA
Before the Christian era,
Siddhartha loved his wife
More than his own life.
In the pleasure palace,
At this glad Triumph, when most Poets use
Their quill, I did not bridle up my Muse
For sloth or less devotion. I am one
‘... unless a kernel of wheat falls to the ground and dies, it remains only a single seed. But if it dies, it produces many seeds.’
(Jesus Christ)
I won´t forget the day
Death and birth should dwell not near together:
Wealth keeps house not, even for shame, with dearth:
Fate doth ill to link in one brief tether
'Tis the midnight hour; I heard
The Abbey-bell give out the word.
Seldom is the lamp-ray shed
Urg'd by the warmth of Friendship's sacred flame,
But more by all the glories of thy fame;
By all those offsprings of thy learned mind,
You made pasta for you and the kids
I looked on longingly; pasta looks good,
so very good, it is comfort food
my birth
unplanned
unwanted
Beyond the long and often lonely wait,
Beset  by urges strange from deep within
Pulsate demands to culminate
Hope is like a harebell trembling from its birth,
Love is like a rose the joy of all the earth;
Faith is like a lily lifted high and white,
As women are full with their
unborn children, so it is that
I am filled with my unborn words.
I
This morning I thought how easy
it must have been for you
You gave me love,
you breathed life into me.
After I found you,
MY UNENDING BIRTH AND DEATH
esspeecee… 27.10.96.
Birth,
Climbing a path which leads back never more
We heard behind his footsteps and his cheer;
Now, face to face, we greet him standing here
I.
1 .
The fading beam of parting day
'Tis Nancy's birth-day--raise your strains,
Ye nymphs of the Parnassian plains,
And sing with more than usual glee
Stella this Day is thirty four,
(We shan't dispute a Year or more)
However Stella, be not troubled,
While yet it was the Empire of the Night,
And Stars still check'r'd Darkness with their Light,
From Temples round the cheerful Bells did ring,
Mark the day white, on which the Fates have smiled:
Eugenio and Egeria have a child.
On whom abundant grace kind Jove imparts
Families, when a child is born
Want it to be intelligent.
I, through intelligence,
His father's sense, his mother's grace,
In him I hope, will always fit so;
With--still to keep him in good case--
I am not yet born; O hear me.
Let not the bloodsucking bat or the rat or the stoat or the
club-footed ghoul come near me.
How long can stay the happiness?
How long can stay the sadness?
Nothing in this world can go always up
Not in this chamber only at my birth—
When the long hours of that mysterious night
Were over, and the morning was in sight—
Some glory in their birth, some in their skill,
Some in their wealth, some in their body's force,
Some in their garments though new-fangled ill,
As when desire, long darkling, dawns, and first
The mother looks upon the newborn child,
Even so my Lady stood at gaze and smiled
This starry dawn – the wise men yet afar –
the shepherds are abed, their night’s task done.
Is Mary tired? Or, as one untouched?
Have you not noted, in some family
Where two were born of a first marriage-bed,
How still they own their gracious bond, though fed
When you were born, beloved, was your soul
New made by God to match your body's flower,
And were they both at one same precious hour
All travellers at first incline
Where'er they see the fairest sign
And if they find the chambers neat,
As when a beauteous nymph decays,
We say she's past her dancing days;
So poets lose their feet by time,
The words
come to me
demanding to be
I.
Mark this holy chapel well!
The birth-place, this, of William Tell.
The Angel that presided o'er my birth
Said, 'Little creature, form'd of Joy and Mirth,
'Go love without the help of any Thing on Earth.'From The Birth Canal of The Womb
The Lifeblood Flowed and Zoomed
The Umbilical Stretched From The Navel
Muse of my Spenser, who so well could sing
The passions all, their bearings and their ties;
Who could in view those shadowy beings bring,
When Love was born of heavenly line,
What dire intrigues disturbed Cythera's joy!
Till Venus cried, 'A mother's heart is mine;
A Legend of the Talmud.
I.
When angels visit earth, the messengers
The Sunbeam loved the Moonbeam,
And followed her low and high,
But Moonbeam fled and hid her head,
At the creation of the Earth
Pleasure, that divinest birth,
From the soil of Heaven did rise,
he was born on a dark lonely night
and not a soul was in sight.
his mother was driving home
a new life;--thoughts move not as they did
With slow uncertain steps across my mind,
In thronging haste fast pressing on they bid
Bright glittering lights are gleaming in yonder mansion proud,
And within its walls are gathered a gemmed and jewelled crowd;
Robes of airy gauze and satin, diamonds and rubies bright,
Young mother! proudly throbs thine heart, and well may it rejoice,
Well may’st thou raise to Heaven above in grateful prayer thy voice:
A gift hath been bestowed on thee, a gift of priceless worth,
Resign'd to live, prepar'd to die,
With not one sin, but poetry,
This day Tom's fair account has run
While, Stella, to your lasting praise
The Muse her annual tribute pays,
While I assign myself a task
May each new Year some new Perfection give,
Till all the Mother in the Daughter live!
May'st Thou her Virtues to the World restore!
we may be the same in face and needs
but! i am different in value and deeds.
while you love to flaunt your looks
I celebrate
my lover's birthday
glorying in her
All is still and silent now
The world is at peace with man
The terrors of day are quiet now
In the State of Kerala,
South-west of India,
There exists a town,
In the aqueous placenta
Of Psychological
Feminine vitality,
Terrorists struck without warning!
Coming out of a clear blue sky
On a beautiful cool morning,
The first day you woke me up,
did you open the door
or did I leave it open?
I was groping for a friend
in a net of eyes by the tube;
I was looking for a brother
To tribute to your kindness
In words is not enough
To tell of your caring
My heart feels so troubled by the things that fate has done,
I love you dear brother, to me you're number one.
I set here by myself, your picture in my hand,
Brother Rabbit and Brother Terrapin wanted to run round a tree.
They went to Brother Bear and asked him to be the referee.
He said to Brother Terrapin, “You win if you’re the first to take the stone! ”
Abuse
He was little at the time,
She was only a child,
Frank, wil't live unhandsomely? trust not too far
Thy self to waving seas: for what thy star,
Calculated by sure event, must be,
Who was the villain
When it all began
Some fair-haired stranger
Traumatized, by life's indiscretions
Submerged in stereotypical
contradictions
My baby brother falls a lot.
I see how sad he feels.
Why don't baby brothers
His ears are ever vigilant be careful of what you do say
Big Brother he is listening from you he's never far away
Your words he may put a slant on and one word in the wrong place
When I look upon a photograph.
Not so long ago, not so faded.
A picture of my beloved big brother.
Humankind has come far in technology so very far 'twould seem
Back in the nineteen fifties of such achievements we dared not dream
In this age of the computer Big Brother reigns supreme
I have a friend far across the sea.
We have never met,
but she is never far away.
Big Brother he is always watching you
And nothing unbeknown to him you do
Of his attentions none of us are free
Burning! Burning! Whole world is burning
Erased ghettos, razing down skyscrapers
Mowed out farms, fields and meadows
The first born of the family
Brought happiness and prosperity
Even his name represents that
He lies near to death
Dying in the dust
Broken and forgot.
I know so well I have made a big sin
When having said something that has hurt you.
But I came to you apologizin',
"SISTER, sister, go to bed!
Go and rest your weary head."
Thus the prudent brother said.
Brother, Brother
thank you for being there
for me
Brother Brother
Please Come Back Home
I Wish We All Would Have Known
“Brother Brother a long time has past 15 years since I’ve seen you last
Your laughter and smile will never die like your spirit that fills the sky
We have to look for your signs ever present in our lives
The magical song birds flew away from the uncle's orchard without informing him.
The trees some were uprooted and old as same as uncle's gray beard.
I remember the bygone days when the fruits were laden and ripen on the tree tops how they danced merrily?
My brother Jim's a millionaire,
while I have scarce a penny;
His face is creased with lines of care,
SHE has gone,-- she has left us in passion and pride,--
Our stormy-browed sister, so long at our side!
She has torn her own star from our firmament's glow,
my brother he is lost to me,
grew up and he out grew me.
moved away to hide from dad,
BROTHER of all, with generous hand,
Of thee, pondering on thee, as o'er thy tomb, I and my Soul,
A thought to launch in memory of thee,
I think of you and shed a tear
I'd cry a million if they could bring you back here
That night when you left and said goodbye,
We all make our mistakes in life and for that payment is always in full,
Regardless of our actions our decisions leads us to either victory or defeat;
A learning proccess that as humans we all must pass, even at our childhood we gain experience with hard knocks;
Why dont you come home at nights?
Why are you always getting into fights?
Why are your eyes always so red?
I can still hear your voice
although decades have passed—
the baritone of a man
Someone who wants to be a rocker
Known as my brother
Always playing guitar.
I love you
Can't you see
How I care
Brother to brother
I know that I can always coun on you
Because you are my brther
Tell me something my Cyber Lover,
do you happen to have a brother?
It's just I have a Cyber Friend out there,
dear brother
will i ever see you again?
or have i lost another friend?
Oh brother of mine, why don't you just die tonight.
oh brother, oh brother, oh brother... just  die tonight.
i can see it now your lying in the snow,
There’s a mirror likeness between those two
shining, youthfully-fledged figures, though
one seems paler than the other and more austere,
Let us pray to
the demons of time
and old age.
Full many a dreary hour have I past,
My brain bewildered, and my mind o'ercast
With heaviness; in seasons when I've thought
whenever ur running out of time,
to complete your assignments,
you see no hope of getting on time,
Who was aged five when I was born
My brother
Who hid my toys and broke my dolls
You were still my brother
no matter what you did
or how you lived
sirloin over an open flame
lost its flavor when I went broke
but this handful of coins insists
I am one of the least of your brothers.
I am neither your son or your lover.
I am just another.
In hte ghetto you'll never know when it's gonna be your time.
sitten here in the ghetto thinken about time we had,
gawd damn i miss my brother Janus Warbus.
If God could give us a new brother?
What type of broyher would he give us?
Would he be a very friendly brother?
O mother mine, Dau (Balram)forever teases me.
you never gave birth to me,
and I was bought in the market.
Little brother, can’t you see
You follow me around like a bumble bee
Taking and using all my toys
My Little Brother…You grew up so promisingly
I glad I had you as a brother as you will have my back
I’m so proud of you!
Wars have been and wars will be
Till the human race is run;
Battles red by land and sea,
I've always wanted to play the part
of that puckish pubescent Filipino boy
in those John Wayne Pacific-War movies.
the sound of your poetry is just perfect,
in fact more than perfect, it has the tongue of the witch in mindanao
with the lenght covering the distance between the roof and the floor
On a special delayed morning
When I was still snoring
My mom was taken to the hospital
She’s lying on the bed, comatose
No familiar faces around, she could stare
Ironic, there was a smell of calitos
Falling through memory's wide open window,
Hitherto kept tightly closed.
I'm flying away into chilhood experience
I was here thinking about way back when
I guess maybe when I was seven or eight, or maybe ten.  Thinking about the time when we still lived back on the farm,
Recalling my thoughts of all the fun we always had in the barn.  We made tunnels in the loose hay from one end to the other,
My brother has cancer
He’s four years older than me
He’s all that I have left
My brother in law, AL
Is such a wonderful guy.
He doesn't walk on water...
My brother
Is a part of my family
Because
my brother julian is weird,
but hes not one to be feared,
burgers and fries is all he eats,
After I returned from the nursing home,
My Bumped head looked like a dome..
My Brother not giving me a moment of peace,
My Brother is very bad
He always makes my mother sad
By complaining about me to her
My brother
Is my son
He is my elder brother
my brother's so sweet
in times of need he is there
my brother's so responsible
a big brother
is a guy i love to be around
he is a very close friend i found
My brother
My brother is my keeper
My brother is my best friend
My Brother is so annoying
My Brother is so sad
My Brother drives me crazy
My Brother is ther one who helps me up when i have fallen.
My brother is the one who is always saying no he cant be your boyfriend.
My brother is the one who sticks up for me.
The moment you were born
We were all happy to see you
You were precious gift to us from God
My favorite brother is really helpful and even funny. He's really great at  making friends, better than me ill say. My brother is always there for me and hes almost never annoying. My brother loves me and I love him too. Because he's my favorite brother, because he's my only brother.
Dedicated to my favorite brother
RegiMy little brother is full of joy
One of the few things in life that I enjoy
He always loves to go to the park
Sticky fingers and a chocolate face
Broken toys and a broken vase
Cars and trucks here and there
I sometimes get angry at my mother,
For giving birth to such a naughty brother!
He'll never be my kind of lover,
My sister and brother grew up without their dad
though they wouldn't admit it, I knew it made them sad
Our mom always did the best that she could
My sweet brother…! ! !
I am blessed with a sweet little brother,
And I am thankful to god that he didn’t give me someone other,
Oh, brother, my brother
Don't weep;
Though dark clouds
He left Ireland in nineteen fifty two
Our brother John the man I barely knew
He was the eldest of the family
Behold! three sister-wonders, in whom met,
Distinct and chast, the splendrous counterfeit
Of Juno, Venus and the warlike Maid,
a gentle breeze blows ocean side
the easter lilies usher in the spring
and there you are with your guitar
a small naked boy - holding a hose
blond hair smooth
mine was always fizzy
Follow the ravens who gather
in the weeping willows.
Silent and starving
You are the best I have, my brother nice!
I know so well you suffer too like me;
Your heart is honest, broadminded, and wise;
My brother's in a wheelchair
and he can't jump or run
but I can throw a ball to him
I figured I should call you
Before I started drinking again.
Because you don’t answer,
None lives for ever, brother, and
nothing lasts for long. Keep that in
mind and rejoice.
He stands at a Roundabout,
A white placard of black letters
And with a strap around his neck
And we shall not leave
This country we shall build
Because it is ours
I.
If teares could wash the ill away,
A pearle for each wet bead I'd pay;
Life of my life, take not so soon thy flight,
But stay the time till we have bade good-night.
Thou hast both wind and tide with thee; thy way
to my baby brother on the anniversary of your birth,
to my little brother your make my world spin, my earth,
20th june 07-
Many the wonders I this day have seen:
The sun, when first he kissed away the tears
That filled the eyes of Morn;—the laurelled peers
Brother, today I sit on the brick bench of the house,
where you make a bottomless emptiness.
I remember we used to play at this hour, and mama
Give me your hand, my brother, search my face;
Look in these eyes lest I should think of shame;
For we have made an end of all things base.
People wish to be settled. Only as long as they are unsettled is there any hope for them.
-- Thoreau
My life has been
The first time, we met; you treated me,
Like a sibling, like a brother.
It was friendship; it was love at first sight;
What is a brother?
Someone who is there
when you are hurting
I remember that dreadful morning,
Waking to the beast,
Time had stopped, the news reckless
As butterflies with beauty grace the air,
so love cannot be lazy in its love;
true love brings lovely energies to bear;
In elegant dress
Blue-Winged butterfly poses
Jeweled in Saphire Lace
The darned life crawls through the smooth & silky roads
But rival thorns; And he feels the fragrance of a distant Gypsy flower
But his patchy lungs won't keep enough breath for the tiresome journey.
........................It’s a butterfly day.
...............Not yet what color can I say.
.................The rain has just subsided.
Tell me what's happening to me?
Why is my heart beating so fervently?
why has this madness, like a wave,
I.
Wonder winged luminous in my eyes.
Elegance sheer I perceive and prize
My butterfly is no longer mine,
I wonder if she ever really was;
When she alights on my shoulder
A beautiful butterfly flies high above.
It gracefully emits, warm rays of love.
flies &  swings its wings, like a dove.
A butterfly
Sleeping
With grass...
I'm a bleeding butterfly.
My wings are made of glass but are strong enough to carry me.
My spirit glides like the summer breeze..
A Romantic Dialogue
The Butterfly:
"O Bright Sunflower! How handsome you are!
The cat is fascinated!
Stares in wonderment,
Still and silent,
BUTTERFLY
As born with Spring, with roses born away,
Breasting breeze’s wing to swing on high,
I met someone somewhere out there
One angel, with eyes that dare
I saw him sent from the sky
butterfly, butterfly
fly in the sky
butterfly, butterfly
Butterfly, Butterfly
flew so high.
Butterfly, Butterfly
Hoping to catch your eye
Circling around you, oh my
Butterfly, butterfly, come into the light
hormonal soup
pulsing, congealing;
chrysalis carapace
She stood crookedly at the desk
on that first day.
‘I’m Jasmine.’
The dreams
of my heart
my mind
Oh to be a butterfly and flutter my wings by your check
To have you admire me as I glide by your beautiful smile
To land upon your shoulder and watch you breathe
The dreams of my heart
my mind doth pass
In my dream of butterflys
I strongly believe
With all my heart
That everything happens
Butterfly Effect
My very birth sent forth a tremor
through the earth and heavens,
The butterfly was young
Her vibrant wings of delicate lace
Such grace such poise
The little wings,
Bearing the colors,
Moving around the flower,
Butterfly, Butterfly; so awsome and free, spread your wings and fly to me, ever so gracefull and full of love, you shine like the sun above, Butterfly, Butterly, so awsome and free
, I wishfor the true love you, d bring me to see, Butterfly, Butterfly, so full of color and chear, when I see you, I feel you so near, Butterfly, Butterfly, you lighten my day, and hope in my life you will stay.................There’s one thing I know,
That I hold close to me
My dreams are drifting
In the middle of our porridge plates
There was a blue butterfly painted
And each morning we tried who should reach the
Butterflies flitter about, some fly by rapidly, and others seem to just float past your eye.  I often wonder at their beauty of flight and feel quite envious that I cannot do the same.  Life I suppose can be a little like that; sometimes events go by rapidly, while others, they seem to meander up and down flying slowly through our minds.  It is the rapidly moving ones that irritate me; most events come and go so quickly.  You look forward to something for months and when it eventually arrives it is over in a tick of the clock.  Leaves you sometimes to wonder why it happened and why you looked forward to it so much.  The slower events in time, which are really the ones we experience everyday can be so beautiful and thought provoking, that they last for a longer period of time.  Then we have the earth shattering events that come like the butterfly you have never seen in your garden before that grabs your interest.  These can grip you so strongly, that eventually it dawns on you that this is something worthwhile pursuing.  The idea grows and grows, before you know it, you are on a different path in life, which is hopefully leading you to a better one.  This can be very exciting and fulfilling.  It is the same as when all those years ago, a lady showed my wife and I a paradise flycatcher; we have been bird watching ever since.
It is amazing how we quietly go about our affairs from day to day, and the time slips by quickly month-by-month, then year-by-year, before we know it, we are nearly at the end of our time.  We look back and wonder how we really got, to this moment in time, without an honest thought, to what we are actually doing, with this wonderful life we have been given.  Surely it is better to stop and think about our life now, take notice of what is actually going on, what we are doing, how we think, and where we are actually going.  I don’t know, but it seems so logical, to have a thought or sight which is so inspiring, it makes us change our attitude, our life.  After all we only have one life that we know of, having a second one would be wonderful, but surely it is better to enjoy this one now, than hope for another one that could be better.  We are good at making our own hell on earth, surely it is better to enjoy the world for the heaven that it is.
A butterfly’s life is so short, I wonder if the ones that fly fast have as good a time as the ones that float slowly past our eyes.  The slower ones would certainly see more than the fast ones.  More flowers and their nectar are spotted.  They can stop more often to enjoy life’s garden, it makes sense to be slower I suppose.  Less haste more speed they say, I believe less speed then more understanding comes.  Take your time you’ll find it will last longer and mean more.  A very useful exercise is the one that makes you slow down to a rest in order to experience the present.
Butterfly moon of a flightless dawn.
Marching softly with a rhythm gone.
Angels coming in a darkened morn.
A butterfly dances in my garden.
I don’t know its colour.
I don’t know its location.
Quill me in heart and I'll lose my breath,
Pen me in soul and I'm heaven-bound,
Dip me in ink and I'll revel in you
Butterfly; butterfly fly away,
teach me how to be as free as free can be.
Butterfly; butterfly I see you there,
A butterfly can fly away,
A butterfly can be a kiss,
A butterfly can be such a gaze,
Butterfly, the wind blows sea-ward,
strong beyond the garden-wall!
Butterfly, why do you settle on my
Flying high, being a butterfly
sings aloud in deep forests
let me drink the nector to my full
Nobody knows this little butterfly,
who wanders and roams
who seeks for the senses of love,
Feel like a butterfly; mostly
half finished
still clinging to the
The breath of dead man winter’s
Swirling vapors of the frozen -
Forging dendrites in the splinters,
You're pathetically ugly,
thats what they all say.
As they frolic together,
Went down to the garden
and see a Caterppilar
Crawling struggling on the earth
Butterfly
Will your wings curl up at the first sign of frost
Butterfly?
Butterfly
Beautiful, Colourful, Graceful
Flies, Flutters, Dances, Sings, Lands
Im homeless
As wonderer as dandelion
Lead me, butterfly!
there in the sky you see a butterfly
fly little one fly
if is beautiful with a purple and black color
Flippy flip butterfly
Merry merry
As you fly
butterfly
I stopped to look at a butterfly-then it flew away.
Yet! -left me with an impression.
when its lonesome
its alone
perhaps
Wearied by loneliness
And grasping at straws
In the tidal wave of emotions,
Allow me
To push back your hair
And kiss the butterfly tattoo
I grow,
I struggle,
I am not nurtured,
A butterfly flew to my window pane
Beautifully black spotted and big
I could see it through the glass
Butterfly wings.
Dancing, shimmering lights.
They are the northern lights
Vulnerable, soft and fragile
Delicate to the touch
Dodging, ducking, evading
Butterfly, flutterby
Come to me
Take me to Mexico
Perhaps it had arrived undercover
between the rich dark green leaves
of the organic cabbage which from
Chuang Tzu in dream became a butterfly,
And the butterfly became Chuang Tzu at waking.
Which was the real—the butterfly or the man ?
Clap your wings
Butterfly, Butterfly
Clap your wings
730
Defrauded I a Butterfly—
The lawful Heir—for Thee—The white butterfly
Hiding in petals
In the garden
354
From Cocoon forth a Butterfly
As Lady from her Door
I built my life with muddy bricks and a tin sheet for the roof,
My history teacher suggests the name; poverty
But it's weather-beaten knows everybody.
Sweet, bide with me and let my love
Be an enduring tether;
Oh, wanton not from spot to spot,
I captured a butterfly in a jar
I danced around in the grass for hours
Chasing it down stumbling falling laughing
I saw a butterfly
I saw him well
The tears were in his eyes
I saw a butterfly today
Small and green with no wings
Crawlsing into shadows\hiding from a world who ignores it's subtle beauty
If I were a butterfly
I would fly to your garden
Through smoky glasses
spring butterfly
that drunken dance
spring too much for you?
I saw a beautiful butterfly in flight
And how it enlightened my life.
For one bright, fleeting instant,
Little butter fly
Fly up to the sky
Go into the clouds
Hold it gently
let it fly
Beautiful little butterfly
Love is like a butterfly
never here nor there
high or low
Some time ago,
while on my run
I came to the old weir.
You are my butterfly
So graceful and beautiful
You are my loving butterfly
Thine emulous fond flowers are dead, too,
And the daft sun-assaulter, he
That frighted thee so oft, is fled or dead:
i know, that you always asked about me...
and know that, to my talks you missed...
do you know..? ? ?
Butterfly, oh butterfly, why do you hide in the shadows?
Spread wide your wings, let your heart sing
And come dance with me in the meadow
Behold, how eager this our little boy
Is for a butterfly, as if all joy,
All profits, honours, yea, and lasting pleasures,
Once you touch a butterfly
it often, flustered, fails to flutter,
and cannot soar into the sky
One day I saw a sweet butterfly
Just as pretty as can be
My coal black tomcat, Sam
541
Some such Butterfly be seen
On Brazilian Pampas—
Long, long ago,
There was a tale of a blue butterfly,
That live in a silvery cage,
UPON a garden's perfum'd bed
With various gaudy colours spread,
Beneath the shelter of a ROSE
The Butterfly and the Lark (Shakespearan Sonnet)
Much like a painted picture taken flight,
With wings wearing yellows, pinks and blues,
when you swat a fly
another glacier crumbles
to the bottom of the sea
As love falls down from the sky,
It lands on the wings of a butterfly.
The butterfly sings it's songs and rhymes,
The butterfly from flower to flower
The urchin chas’d; and, when at last
He caught it in my lady’s bower,
Look, a butterfly. Did you make a wish?
You don't wish on butterflies.
You do so. Did you make one?
there was once a beautiful butterfly,
it would flutter its perfectly patterned,
wings high in the blue open sky.
There was never a Queen like Balkis,
From here to the wide world's end;
But Balkis talked to a butterfly
The dawn is smiling on the dew that covers
The tearful roses; lo, the little lovers
That kiss the buds, and all the flutterings
I'VE watched you now a full half-hour,
Self-poised upon that yellow flower;
And, little Butterfly! indeed
STAY near me---do not take thy flight!
A little longer stay in sight!
Much converse do I find I thee,
682
'Twould ease—a Butterfly—
Elate—a Bee—
I think I was on a balcony
overlooking the whole thing.
--Yusef Komunyakaa
Fair Child of Sun and Summer! we behold
With eager eyes thy wings bedropp'd with gold;
The purple spots that o'er thy mantle spread,
Will you even notice when I'm gone?
The space no longer occupied by me
My existence fragments of a broken memory within your mind
The stars
finding it hard
to keep their eyes
Hey my Girlie! the nursery teacher
you taught me to spell love
and how to love smoothly
I'm always getting this junky mail
plopping through the door
inviting me to a 'car boot sale' -
A car is a car
If it can ride you nearby or far
A car is a car
A car is a car.Two days ago while Ringo was crossing the street into the sidewalk Suddenly a careless driver ran over the little kitten Ringo,        His mom called Possy did not about that accident, but                She gave birth to four little kittens in the same day Ringo had that Accident,                                                           Possy cared about Ringo, but                                         His fate was not a matter of questioning,                               We all felt sorry for Ringo's death, but                            We can not do anything,                                             Ringo rests in his tomb for ever, so                                 No fear about him anymore.The rain's cold grains are silver-gray
Sharp as golden sands,
A bell is clanging, people sway
A fun fill ride it was
though it scare the hell out of us
Bumping up and down in the car
The simple joys of life are nicer
A rose, a rain or a river
They're natural thus beautiful
I knew that
was a slow car
because it was not
He spoke of Burns: men rude and rough
Pressed round to hear the praise of one
Whose heart was made of manly, simple stuff,
The railroad dick looked straight at him, eyes unwavering, beady-eyed, menacing, and Harry counted his change to see if there was enough for a bribe; searched his thoughts for an escape route, but he was not as young as he used to be and the dick was young, legs like a deer.
He tussled Barney’s hair and said:
“Go there in that thar car and wait for me, got to dump the dick. Wait for my whistle.”
Suddenly accelerating the running state
The leaders unexpectedly braked hard
As they treat it a bus old and unrepaired
I wanted a car when I wearied of walking.
With savings in hand, I left home to peruse.
The dealer was helpful, bright-eyed and fast-talking.
Cars and donkey carts, dust and noise, heat and mob
of humanity in a narrow street...Shoving and pushing
yet affable, of peoples who share a common bond.
Walls of white surround
Constant beeping is the only sound
Can’t move, I cry out in pain
I close my eyes
And it pops in my head
Now im wishing i was dead
June-July with its divine hues comes every year;
Bringing car festival of its kind very rare,
Heaven of earth as people call it is Puri Dham,
Car is here and I am in the car
Car is here and car is within me
Car is useless if I left the car
Car is taking me,
whose car? I feel
not necessary to know,
Combination of attractive physique and comfort
a medium of connectivity and economic growth
a mixture of technical innovation& development
Four wheels to take you anywhere.
Upon it you bestow loving care.
But woe be tide,
some people male female
get out of cars slam doors
like throwing heavy boulders
Every morning I have to drive towards the sun
just as the sun is about to rise.
You pull down the car sun visor,
Drivin' away in my automobile,
taking a corner a little too fast
chuckling loudly about the great deal
Once apon a time, long, long ago
Daddy's car broke down when he bumped into a doe.
Mummy got her mobile, and called it to get towed
Well, I should be sittin in an air conditioned office in a swivel chair
Talkin some trash to the secretaries
Sayin, here, now mama, come on over here.
You pull into a car park
and they spring out of nowhere.
“Do you want your car washed
The most humorous
Car wreck I witnessed
Was on the old coast road.
The leather upholstery and walnut dash
Nothing plastic looking cheap or brash
The shiny chrome and deep rug pile
Don’t try to take the driver’s wheel
When someone is spinning out of control.
Just let them make their own wrong turns
The price of gasoline at the pump jumped so high;
therein robbing me of my play money, forcing me to eat
peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, brown bagged
Like the car he drives,
He will pass you in the fast lane of life,
Like the blaring music from his car,
From Deniliquin to Jerilderie paddocks gray and bare and brown
On to Narrandera and West Wyalong and many smaller country town,
To Forbes and Parkes and on through Dubbo, Gilgandra and Coonabarabran
There are ghosts inside of the engine of my car
And while I am driving my car
I hear some funny noises that the engine of my car is makingCome you, cartoonists,
Hang on a strap with me here
At seven o’clock in the morning
Exceptions are there are none.
Why there are none but after that being done unto me even the headlong car is not feared, my race was half ran before it was over.
As for fear of rape inside by men is it different than for woman?
I have bought this car
By my own money
I am driving my own car
I ran my car into God today;
I thought I had the right of way.
He says He’s suing after all;
If my body was a car,
I'd trade it in for a newer model.
For I think I need a towbar,
I don’t know sh^t: I studied enough to learn
The job,
But I forgot everything:
The eyelids meet. He'll catch a little nap.
The grizzled, crew-cut head drops to his chest.
It shakes above the briefcase on his lap.
inside the car one rainy day
one sees the scattering of people
who do not have anything
So, it’s just a silly car wash?
My friend, it’s so much more!
It’s an opportunity to help—
To the memory of the Rhodesian Helicopter Pilots and
the 20mm cannon Gunner.Two men one helicopter;
known as K-car…..Killer-car.
English professor and poet Narayana Kasturi
was an employee of All India Radio.
He had in an Indian humor magazine
Alone rides slap of rails
to jerk, down and up, are
lights move away, seen
Last night I drove a car
not knowing how to drive
not owning a car
By stuffing newspaper up the exhaust of my car
Somebody I do not know have taken their fun too far
I do not have a known enemy and I'm new to this Town
How I adore a bright sunny morn
Glorious summer glistening with light
Reminiscent of days in the blue Ford Anglia
A thousand children. How could I remember
all of them? I was the teacher; they were there
to learn. Those were our roles; that was the contract.
« prev. song
next song »
Fast Car
The Christmas tree has dried to brittle green
Gifts are stacked within the bedroom closet
Santa’s visit costs more than children glean
Of Morris Motors fame,
William Richard was his name
William Richard Morris Nuffield
Driving on a cold winter night,
drove with tears drowning my sight.
Didnt know where to turn
Decided are my ways;
Altered are my days,
for I know where to move;
A fool stole my car and damaged it!
And, when he was caught,
A wise man said he will pay twice as much for my car;
Here is my car
The driver sits in the car
And moves as he desires.
I love my
Car...
My car...
My brakes won't applicable to these mockery roads
As it's too old they say.
I keep my both hands on the steering wheel
I will never forget the day I bought my first new car,
And had a date with a girl that lived not too far,
We drove out into the suburbs and parked under a full moon,
I have a little red car,
that fits five quite comfortably,
but members of my family
You are a brown dumpster
With wheels. And me smiling,
Wearing my new sunglasses
I go and get my new car today, boy I'm so excited
I chose it yesterday, I can't wait to be reunited
It's shiny and black with alloy wheels and a spoiler on the back.
inside the nice brand new luxury car
(and hence very expensive)  rides a body that drives smoothly on the
road to the sin city,
He ran
Fast as anyone can
Away from home
Child, a moment of love ago
you danced in the eye of the woman
who made you. When another moment
I had a dream: you came to me
on purple car, as in a childhood.
Only one driver had a seat -
Once we had a car,
that was the colour of silver grey.
Now this little car, who we called our jam jar,
Parked at the curb,
The Petaluma Police could not observe,
The car their sarge had parked;
I. CHICKENS
I am The Great White Way of the city:
When you ask what is my desire, I answer:
My car has broken down.
I have a comfortable feeling
That the future will be better,
Gordon Loft was a traffic officer working radar duty
Whose wife and daughter was in a family beauty
His crew were operating the radar on Gorge road
IT'S a lean car ... a long-legged dog of a car ... a gray-ghost eagle car.
The feet of it eat the dirt of a road ... the wings of it eat the hills.
Danny the driver dreams of it when he sees women in red skirts and red sox in his sleep.
Pretty Girl in a shitty car
Headliner hanging
Tailpipe dragging
Princess just wants a new car.
I have told her that hers will go far.
''Oh, it's really not cool
I was born for driven dirt race car's
I'm not made for pavin long roads
I ain't cut out to climb high line poles
See my car,
I am driving the car
Ask not its name and number
Selling a Car.
When I bought the car
the dealer pointed out its good features.
My Alto looks superb and majestic,
From Maruti Udyog- ‘The talk of town! ”
With color, silky silver metallic;
dirt track slopes to sky
penning five hundred horses
running with thunder.A car quite big and yet so small!
A car that’s meant for people all;
More than a two-wheeler in cost,
We came out early on that Tuesday afternoon
I didn't want to part just yet for you to be gone so soon
A cable car ride suggested, it quickly took your mind
I went to a party
just the other night.
The meal was atrocious
The car moved ahead
At its steady pace
One meter in front of the other
Smokes
The driver
Smokes
You are gone. The car radio is a curse.
Hundreds of  songs, especially our
songs... remind me of you.
The Lady of the Motor-car she stareth straight ahead;
Her face is like the stone, my friend, her face is like the dead;
Her face is like the stone, my friend, because she is “well-bred”—
We're away! and the wind whistles shrewd
In our whiskers and teeth;
And the granite-like grey of the road
The motor car is sullen, like a thing that should not be;
The motor car is master of Smart Society.
’Twas born of sweated genius and collared by a clown;
'But do not come to Daddy,
crying, come Monday morning
expecting to pay what I offer you
Are you born to be a race car driver?
Even if not, many of you are a race traveler.
Many are ambitious, would like to beat the other,
how I wonder what you are.
Leaking oil everyday
being unruly going your way.
Love's fiery chariot, Delia, take
Which Vulcan wrought for Venus' sake.
Wings shall not waft thee, but a flame
With the gift of the gab they would talk their way out of hell
These used car sales people they know how to sell
On their selling ability their jobs are at stake
while driving my car late evening
from school
when the rains fall heavily
The window's blurry,
The odometer's broke,
​The tires are bare;
But yet I don't think women truly like it
when another woman speaks her mind.
because part of her wishes she had done it-
There are few things that bother as much
as to look for you car
and almost to count the other car’s,
you sit inside the car
as i drive on this busy road
in the city, on some dangerous
Waiting patiently a quarter to one,
we heard the whistle blow.
I looked at the others, took deep breaths,
[NOTE: THIS POEM IS NOT TO BE USED ANYWHERE WITHOUT MY CONCENT. PLEASE USE THE LINKS IN MY BIOGRAPHY OR MESSAGES ON THIS SITE TO CONTACT ME. THANKS.]
I can't remember,
Skipping rocks on the pond,
Hear someone giggle,
Peer out, there is no one... puzzled;
am here smiled drizzle.Some call it checkers,
I call it draughts.
Don't play with me
I am glad I met you on the edge
Of your barbarous childhood
In what purity of pleasure
A COUPLET OF PABLO NERUDA HAD INSPIRED ME TO COMPOSE THIS POEM. COMPOSED ON 8TH OCTOBER 1980.
**************************************** *************************************
Oh beauty! Thy face is
My mother stands at the screen door, laughing.
“Out out damn Spot,” she commands our silly dog.
I wonder what this means. I rise into adult air
On that November noon, as we drove in
To my home town, at the foot of Shivalik hills.
I realised, why it is so close to my heart,
Tangled in thought am I,
Stumble in speech do I?
Do I blunder and blush for the reason why?
light. strikes
a silver hand
outstreached
I missed out on having a childhood
went from a little girl to womanhood.
I think the way my parents raised their children
There is a place from our childhood;
we like to visit now and then,
to recapture our youth,
Just lately I went walking
On the roads of yesteryear;
I went walking through my childhood,
If I don't
go and
go
The sun would volley
Live coals on bodies
In threadbare clothes
And as we grew older
Childhood became so distant
We were too busy being
OH there is blessing in this gentle breeze,
A visitant that while it fans my cheek
Doth seem half-conscious of the joy it brings
You'll never have
another chance
as good
Among the things enriching,
That helped to shape my life,
Was the county fair
Most of us had childhood books
The meant so much to us long ago
We can remember the story if not the words
It would be good to reminisce
of all that's lost from childhood afternoons,
can they return to me, I miss
The sharp, irregular knock of wooden
brush’s shoulder against skirting-board,
punctuated with the lighter tap
When I was very little
I use to dream that I could fly.
I'd put some rubber bans around my shoes
Sunlight peeps thru closed curtains
like a sleepy child, nodding in - out
yet you sleep. the wave of pre-dawn
Childhood Faded away,
to a far away land,
simple, so simple were we,
Cheap and charming items
Settle on the numerous tables
Of my grandparents' customary yard sale.
Rummaging our way,
Through the school backyard,
Borrowing chalks, the ball, and
There was a time when I was very small,
When my whole frame was but an ell in height;
Sweetly, as I recall it, tears do fall,
So good being a happy kid,
playing with your kit,
even producing sound in a pot,
I lay my head sideways on the desk,
My fingers interlocked under my cheekbones,
My eyes closed. It was a three-room schoolhouse,
In a land far far away
Lived pixies
and elves
Come on people move
For childhood is calling
time to get up and groove
down the rabbit hole
of childhood memories
we tumble into lost world
Back when I was a kid at play,
we played  games throughout the day,
Telephone wires that snapped on the ground,
I use to sharpen the teacher's pencils
I erased the chalk from our classroom boards.
I always waited for you out at recess
Rays of light flow through the glass,
Flittering memories of the past.
Of happy times and playful things,
CHILDHOOD MEMORIES
I still remember my childhood,
Love, affection and chide of my mother,
Some people have a childhood garden
Filled with green and growing things
Some people have a childhood garden
I become stronger when I am in her presence
For even she knows that she is my quintessence
I watch her sleep trying to unveil her identity
The most enjoying period in one's life,
Is the exciting childhood life.
There is so much time for play,
Ah me! conceiv'd in sin, and born in sorrow,
A nothing, here to day, but gone to morrow,
Whose mean beginning, blushing can't reveal,
I.
That idol, black eyes and yellow mop, without parents or court,
nobler than Mexican and Flemish fables;
Memories of childhood prattle sweet,
Strange, funny utterances incomplete;
Toddling walk on the faltering feet,
Childhood, sweet and sunny childhood,
With its careless, thoughtless air,
Like the verdant, tangled wildwood,
She does not know that rooms are bleak and bare,
That poverty dwells with us all the while;
It is enough for her that I am there
I was unable to read and understand
What were papa up to and his stand?
When he will be angry or loose temper?
I cannot reach it; and my striving eye
Dazzles at it, as at eternity.
Were now that chronicle alive,
These recollections with the scent of ferns
Are the idyll of early years
(Gregorio Gutierrez González)
Childhood is rare
Unlike a bear
Childhood is fun
At the height of sun-pressed summer
the tar on the seaside pavement
stuck to the Start-Rite sandals
Childhood is not a real hood.Childhood...
Childhood...
Childhood...
Listen to their laughter
Listen to them sing
Watch them on the roundabout
It would be good to give much thought, before
you try to find words for something so lost,
for those long childhood afternoons you knew
I
The bitterness. the misery, the wretchedness of childhood
Put me out of love with God.
I miss my old home
It had a broken mirror
I couldn't see my face
The younger years may fade but childhood remains within
Like a constant trace which can never be erased by time.
Always bound to a paradise that is evergreen
memories of childhood...
such a wonderful, hazy, warm feeling,
special memories, filled with love
CHIPS OFF THE OLD BLOKE
This face(our face)    is
passed amongst us three...brothers.
How advanced they are, these children of the future,
Like small adults, within their tiny frames,
They grow up in a fast 'speed driven' culture,
I used to be
in the Girl Guides
but I was thrown out
Underground, down in the dugout
when during the second world war
a siren wailed a last warning
I thought I was prepared.
People asked
''Are you excited? ''
Outside the house an ash-tree hung its terrible whips,
And at night when the wind arose, the lash of the tree
Shrieked and slashed the wind, as a ship’s
'lie still, and be forevermore a child'  Christopher Dowson
Your remote beauty is impressive
but not lovely.
How we loved them.
In an otherwise grey world
These blinkered, patient creatures
Up on the hill
In the posh areas
Where the Victorian villas
An open space, pitted with ditches,
Jagged places, filled with debris.
We were warned not to play there
Happy childhood memories the best memories of all
And my younger years in Millstreet I will always recall
On evenings in Summer up to the mid Fall
Downward through the evening twilight,
In the days that are forgotten,
In the unremembered ages,
I am a lot wiser now than in my childhood
Because in my childhood I always wanted my way
And sometimes in my childhood I used to get my wayI look through my childhood as if I were there,
but yet remain in this grown up body, which in life is not fair,
I have forgotten the good times in my past,
I remember my childhood
Whenever I am in the mood
I remember my childhood
things don't die or remain damaged
but return: stumps grow back hands,
a head reconnects to a neck,
I find myself praying to Jesus
When once again
I’m lost in an unsympathetic city
L'enfant chantait; la mère au lit, exténuée,
Agonisait, beau front dans l'ombre se penchant ;
La mort au-dessus d'elle errait dans la nuée ;
Ice-cold fear has slowly decreased
As my bones have grown, my height increased.
Though I shiver in snow of dreams, I shall never
Childhood Is
when the world to come
is an adventure to be met
We were little girls
Living next door to one another
I was an only child
my childhood garden
my childhood garden
lush and green
I
My childhood's home I see again,
And sadden with the view;
Childhood memories are often steeped in mystery.
The older we get the memories exclude
sometimes things we might find painful as we journeyed on.
My childhood was fun,
tough and exciting.
My childhood was one
My mother tells me about it,
And I also remember a bit,
The time when I was too innocent,
my childhood was the time when i was innocent
when the world seemed to be fair
when my universe was around my toys
Homework, said my teacher,
Is to write a poem,
About your fondest
soil soil and soil, , playing in the soil,
No fear of disease, no fear of toil.
What a wonderful days that was,
The Child is father of the Man;
And I could wish my days to be
Bound each to each by natural piety.
We shall not ever meet them bearded in heaven
Nor sunning themselves among the bald of hell;
If anywhere, in the deserted schoolyard at twilight,
Elbowing our way, we run.
Someone is being beaten up in the market.
You wouldn’t want to miss it!
If I get a chance to bargain
Will ask the Almighty again;
‘O God! If thy really could
Some deem I'm gentle, some I'm kind:
It may be so,--I cannot say.
I know I have a simple mind
I was not born with a fortune wholesome;
Born nor was I, as the only son-child;
Who cares if you are learned and handsome?
Can I forget my mother’s cooking skills,
Her punishments and kind advice at times?
Can I forget the games at school and drills,
Isn't it enough for me to be a blossom of humanity
to breath the beauty that is meant for a being
standing all alone in the rain of sorrow
Down the dimpled green-sward dancing
Bursts a flaxen-headed bevy,
Bud-lipt boys and girls advancing
--Was it for this
That one, the fairest of all Rivers, lov'd
To blend his murmurs with my Nurse's song,
When he asked about my childhood
I knew not where to start.
The scents began to flood my head
when u once lived here
life was so much different
life was fun and kewl
Today I found a can of paint.
The paintbrush was there, too.
Mommy must have left it
It comes in many flavors.
It comes in lots of smells.
It can keep a secret
Our neighbor, Mr. Brown,
came over yesterday.
He was yelling at my daddy
When I think of the many people
who privately despise children,
I can't say I'm completely shocked,
I gotta play by myself today
cause Mommy is cleaning and mopping.
Then she’ll be calling a sitter
I walk among the rows of bowed heads--
the children are sleeping through fourth grade
so as to be ready for what is ahead,
I WALK through the long schoolroom questioning;
A kind old nun in a white hood replies;
The children learn to cipher and to sing,
There's an angel in my pocket
who is watching over me,
just a little voice down deep inside
Angels all around me.
Angels high above.
Pretty angels everywhere
133
As Children bid the Guest "Good Night"
And then reluctant turn—
My baby brother falls a lot.
I see how sad he feels.
Why don't baby brothers
So, this is Christmas morning...
everyone is here.
I don't really understand it
Hush now, barking spiders,
please don’t make a sound.
I’m at my birthday party.
The barking spiders all march in
just past dinner time.
Some big, some small, they come to call
Those pesky barking spiders
followed me to church Sunday.
I tried to make them stay at home,
Bats can hit a baseball.
Girls can bat their eyes.
But the bats I want to talk about
All things within this fading world hath end,
Adversity doth still our joys attend;
No ties so strong, no friends so dear and sweet,
Wake up, Mom and Daddy.
We’ve got a BIG surprise.
Me and Sissy made you breakfast.
Children imitating cormorants
are even more wonderful
than cormorants.
Our fathers wrung their bread from stocks and stones
And fenced their gardens with the Redmen's bones;
Embarking from the Nether Land of Holland,
I talked to Grammy yesterday
about a girl I know.
Her skin’s a different color
Children love, they laugh, they care.
Children, bless them, they know how to share.
Children try hard to be what you want,
Come to me, O ye children!
For I hear you at your play,
And the questions that perplexed me
With beasts and gods, above, the wall is bright.
The child's head, bent to the book-colored shelves,
Is slow and sidelong and food-gathering,
Christmas is really
for the children.
Especially for children
I cry when I am hurting
and sometimes when I'm sad.
I cry when I get punished
Daddy left his boots for me
and here I have to stay
‘cause Daddy is a soldier,
On warm dark nights I think I see
beneath the weeping willow tree,
the fairies dancing in the grass
Dear God,
I dreamed I came to Heaven
to have a talk with You.
Dear Mommy up in heaven,
you’re always in my mind.
I wish that you could tell me
Did you ever wonder about dreaming?
How the pictures get in your head?
Why they’re only there when you’re sleeping?
Blame us for these who were cradled and rocked in our chaos;
Watching our sidelong watching, fearing our fear;
Playing their blind-man's-bluff in our gutted mansions,
Little Indian, Sioux, or Crow,
Little frosty Eskimo,
Little Turk or Japanee,
Little shadows, little shadows
Dancing on the chamber wall,
While I sit beside the hearthstone
Give Love to the children Children need love everyday
Give love to the children Guide them on their way
Love's like a burning flame consumes all that stands in the way
Being glad is simple
and sometimes glad is great.
Sometimes glad is liking
God has pity on kindergarten children,
He pities school children -- less.
But adults he pities not at all.
Children, you are very little,
And your bones are very brittle;
If you would grow great and stately,
There's a dear little home in Good-Children street -
My heart turneth fondly to-day
Where tinkle of tongues and patter of feet
Gramma's gone but not forgotten,
that's her apron hanging there.
It still hangs in Grampa's kitchen
Daddy planted grass seeds
and up popped new green grass.
When mommy planted flower seeds,
A long time ago, a little girl
believed that she could fly.
She saw the movie, 'Peter Pan'
I love teeny tiny ants
and itchy bitsy fleas,
spiders, big and little,
I’m just going to sit here.
I won’t say a word.
I’ll be like the children
I had eight birds hatched in one nest,
Four cocks there were, and hens the rest.
I nursed them up with pain and care,
Get your ice cold glass of lemonade!
Hurry, before it's gone.
We made it just this morning.
Mommy, Daddy, how I miss you
and I know you're missing me.
There are windows here in heaven
listen children
keep this in the place
you have for keeping
Little ants marching in single file
crossing my smooth window pane.
How do they know who to follow?
I love jelly beans,
all but the black ones, they’re yucky.
Red ones trade best.
Little sisters are adorable.
We've tried to tell ours, though...
you can have a lot of 'clothes',
Mama, am I pretty?
'Why do you ask', she said.
She held me gently to her,
An old broken doll
remembers her first Christmas
many children ago.
My daddy calls me Will-dog.
PaPa calls me chief.
I’m always baby brother
There once was a monkey named Mike
who headed out west on his bike.
He soon was stopped cold
Monkey see,
monkey do,
I used to want
There's a monster in my house!
It came in a great big box.
Mommy says it isn't so,
Today I'm cookin' the dinner.
I stir in all the stuff that I should
'cause I know just how to make it
My friend, Sherla, was hard to see
for Mom and Dad, not me.
My imaginary friend was all I had.
I have a shadow hooked to me.
Sometimes he's big.
Sometimes he's small.
The toothfairy took my tooth lath night
and left thome money, too.
But now I can't thay wordth too well
Night-night moon
Night-night stars
Night-night noisy
I made a paper Valentine
all red and edged with lace.
And on my paper Valentine,
I don't have a little brother.
I don't have a sister, too.
It's just me and Mom and Daddy
Mom’s car has three foot pedals.
I think I’m gonna ask her -
Since daddy’s car has only two,
Mommy's on the couch.
Daddy's in his chair.
I'm sitting in a corner on a stool...
I love to be a cowboy
and ride my horse around the room.
He's black and white and he won't bite
I think of all the things I have,
I like my pockets best.
Pockets hold just everything
I like saying, spring has sprung.
I like the way it sounds.
And spring brings with it lots of rain,
Accursed from their birth they be
Who seek to find monogamy,
Pursuing it from bed to bed-
Parents sure have lots of rules,
things to do and not do.
I’ll be glad when I get big
I'm not afraid of thunder storms.
I've figured it out, you see.
I even smile when lightning comes
Today I found some scissors
by my Mommy's sewing chair.
I learned scissors can cut paper
My heart leaps up when I behold
A rainbow in the sky;
Contrariwise, my blood runs cold
My brother's in a wheelchair
and he can't jump or run
but I can throw a ball to him
On the unbreathing sides of hills
they play, a specklike girl and boy,
alone, but near a specklike house.
I know our tongues have jobs to do,
licking lips or tasting food.
They also help us say our words
Thank God for little children,
Bright flowers by earth's wayside,
The dancing, joyous lifeboats
In Daddy's bedroom down the hall,
there's a special place, The Birthday Wall.
Every year about this time,
Down inside this grownup
lives the child that used to be.
When I look in my mirror,
Out upon the sand-dunes thrive the coarse long grasses;
Herons standing knee-deep in the brackish pool;
Overhead the sunset fire and flame amasses
For those that never know the light,
The darkness is a sullen thing;
And they, the Children of the Night,
The day the circus came to town,
my favorite was the circus clown
with his great big shoes
Do ye hear the children weeping, O my brothers,
Ere the sorrow comes with years?
They are leaning their young heads against their mothers---
There's a lighthouse on an island
built on boulders in the sea.
A home to no one anymore,
I dreamed I grew a money tree
outside in my yard.
My job was to care for it
Today I saw a rainbow
with bright colors in the sky.
I couldn’t see its start or end,
Daddy said to Mom and me,
'Good night, I'm going to bed.
I'm sleepy and the Sandman
Snow was flaking all around
then gently piling on the ground.
Just tiny puffs when floating free,
O'erwhelming sorrow now demands my song:
From death the overwhelming sorrow sprung.
What flowing tears? What hearts with grief opprest?
In the land of Wu the mulberry leaves are green,
And thrice the silkworms have gone to sleep.
In East Luh where my family stay,
Jaya Surya
GOLDEN sun of victory, born
In my life's unclouded morn,
Two children (small), one Four, one Five,
Once saw a bee go in a hive,
They'd never seen a bee before!
Children, if you dare to think
Of the greatness, rareness, muchness
Fewness of this precious only
Mommy's sick in bed today.
Doctor says she has the flu.
Sissy's got a stuffy nose
On a lonely selection far out in the West
An old woman works all the day without rest,
And she croons, as she toils 'neath the sky's glassy dome,
A child should always say what's true
And speak when he is spoken to,
And behave mannerly at table;
I know sometimes that clouds bring rain,
in wintertime it's snow,
and spring is good because it makes
Mommy's getting wrinkles.
Daddy has grey hair.
It wasn't very long ago
I like words like 'yes' and 'no'
they mean just what they say.
They either mean you can or can't
Christmas, a joyful time of year.
Fun-filled days, lots of holiday cheer.
Children all over the world, year after year,
All you little children gather round.
Let’s sing beautiful Christmas songs.
Take your bells and chime away,
Oh Christmas tree, Oh Christmas tree.
Lush, green ambiance standing before me.
Mesmerized by childhood memories.
Snowflakes fall elegantly,
Ice glints glow for all to see.
Lights of red, yellow, blue and green,
Merry Christmas to you all,
no matter where the snow shall fall.
With or without, Christmas is here.
One Christmas was so much like another, in those years around the sea-town corner now and out of all sound except the distant speaking of the voices I sometimes hear a moment before sleep, that I can never remember whether it snowed for six days and six nights when I was twelve or whether it snowed for twelve days and twelve nights when I was six.
All the Christmases roll down toward the two-tongued sea, like a cold and headlong moon bundling down the sky that was our street; and they stop at the rim of the ice-edged fish-freezing waves, and I plunge my hands in the snow and bring out whatever I can find. In goes my hand into that wool-white bell-tongued ball of holidays resting at the rim of the carol-singing sea, and out come Mrs. Prothero and the firemen.
It was on the afternoon of the Christmas Eve, and I was in Mrs. Prothero's garden, waiting for cats, with her son Jim. It was snowing. It was always snowing at Christmas. December, in my memory, is white as Lapland, though there were no reindeers. But there were cats. Patient, cold and callous, our hands wrapped in socks, we waited to snowball the cats. Sleek and long as jaguars and horrible-whiskered, spitting and snarling, they would slink and sidle over the white back-garden walls, and the lynx-eyed hunters, Jim and I, fur-capped and moccasined trappers from Hudson Bay, off Mumbles Road, would hurl our deadly snowballs at the green of their eyes. The wise cats never appeared.
So now is come our joyful'st feast,
Let every man be jolly.
Each room with ivy leaves is drest,
Welcome, sweet Christmas, blest be the morn
That Christ our Saviour was born!
Earth's Redeemer, to save us from all danger,
Chorus.
What sweeter music can we bring,
Than a Carol, for to sing
GOOD fellows are laughing and drinking
(To-night no heart should grieve),
But I am of old days thinking,
Early on Christmas Day,
Love, as awake I lay,
And heard the Christmas bells ring sweet and clearly,
South of the Line, inland from far Durban,
A mouldering soldier lies--your countryman.
Awry and doubled up are his gray bones,
In presence of the multitude,
I have shown barring no gift,
For what hath I worth thy child......
IT was the calm and silent night!
Seven hundred years and fifty-three
Had Rome been growing up to might,
’T IS Christmas, and the North wind blows; ’t was two years yesterday
Since from the Lusitania’s bows I looked o’er Table Bay,
A tripper round the narrow world, a pilgrim of the main,
A Christmas tree! A Christmas tree!
With dark green needled memories
Of childhood dreams and mysteries
This Christmas
No greater gift
Could come to me
God had a plan for Christmas
A plan that could not fail
Rather then indulgences
Sitting in front of the fire, Auntie Flo's reciting a story,
it's one about her first Christmas as a newly wed,
the same one she broadcasts every year,
Almighty Framer of the Skies!
O let our pure devotion rise,
Like Incense in thy Sight!
'Twas Christmastide in Germany,
And in the year of 1850,
And in the city of Berlin, which is most beautiful to the eye;
'Twas the night before christmas.
With a blanket of white.
That covered the earth all through the night.
So, this is Christmas morning...
everyone is here.
I don't really understand it
When the December comes
When the white snow cover our lands
My heart is filled with joy
In the darkness of the winter
in the evening of the day
Bethlehem was full of wonder
Christmas is a-comin’ – but
this goose is gettin’ thin…
why do I feel  I’m in the dock
Are you...........
ready for Christmas? , to decorate the tree,
The sparkling baubles that shine with glee,
I -- In Church
Thou whose birth on earth
Angels sang to men,
Sadie slumped in the chair
at her favorite table at Mel's.
Merry Christmas.  Yeah, so what?
But if they'd give us toys and twice the stuff most
parents splurge on the average kid, orphans, I submit, need more than enough;
in fact, stacks wrapped with our names nearly hid
"I heard the bells on Christmas Day
Their old familiar carols play,
And wild and sweet
I don't
(normally)
do this
The kings they came from out the south,
All dressed in ermine fine;
They bore Him gold and chrysoprase,
What sudden blaze of song
Spreads o'er th' expanse of Heaven?
In waves of light it thrills along,
Christmas is so merry, at this special time of year
Christmas is extraordinary, as long as you are here
Inside my heart I’ll jump and dance, excited just to see
Oh sharp diamond, my mother!
I could not count the cost
of all your faces, your moods-
Alone--with one fair star for company,
The loveliest star among the hosts of night,
While the grey tide ebbs with the ebbing light--
When Christmas bells are swinging above the fields of snow,
We hear sweet voices ringing from lands of long ago.
And etched on vacant places,
Along the Woodford road there comes a noise
Of wheels, and Mr. Rounding's neat post-chaise
Struggles along, drawn by a pair of bays,
O DAY, the crown and crest of all the year!
Thou comest not to us amid the snows,
But midmost of the reign of the red rose;
Dim dawn behind the tamerisks -- the sky is saffron-yellow --
As the women in the village grind the corn,
And the parrots seek the riverside, each calling to his fellow
Christmas is really
for the children.
Especially for children
Dear, look to the Christmas angel
atop your Christmas tree.
Then all your wishes will come true,
Coloured lights and tinsel.
Hang from almost every branch.
Card with little jingles.
Christmas day arrives.
Stockings are first to be explored.
Oranges, apples and sweets.
December twenty-first
we gather at the white Church festooned
red and green, the tree flashing
christmas list
and christmas wish
all apart of the christmas theme
How grace this hallowed day?
Shall happy bells, from yonder ancient spire,
Send their glad greetings to each Christmas fire
Christmas is come and every hearth
Makes room to give him welcome now
E'en want will dry its tears in mirth
Hail the coming holiday,
With a hearty joyous feast,
And drive away sorrow, friends,
My goodness, my goodness,
It's Christmas again.
The bells are all ringing.
I try not to think about June
In December,
I try not to remember
Christmas roses white as milk,
Petals soft, and smooth as silk,
Adding charm to Christmas Fare
Christmas is coming
We will buy presents galore
The bailiffs might call.
Put up a splash of Christmas spirit
Put in a dash of love
Stir up the sounds ‘till you can hear it
Cars and bustle, rush and hustle,
trolley dashing tempers clashing
Christmas cheer to much beer
'Christmas cheer
is not found here,
children, we are too poor.
It seems the theme this yuletide.
As thought up by some folks,
Is "Let's keep Christ in Christmas",
I hung the decorations
and I trimmed the christmas tree.
What really means the most of all
I count my treasures o'er with care.--
The little toy my darling knew,
A little sock of faded hue,
'Tis true, of old the unchanging sun
His daily course refused to run,
The pale moon hurrying to the west
Hark! the herald Angels sing,
Glory to the new-born King,
Peace on earth and mercy mild,
The first Nowell the Angel did say
Was to three poor Shepherds in the fields as they lay;
In fields where they lay keeping their sheep
Hark, how all the welkin rings,
"Glory to the King of kings;
Peace on earth, and mercy mild,
From our happy home
Through the world we roam
One week in all the year,
After dark
Near the South Dakota border,
The moon is out hunting, everywhere,
I heard the bells on Christmas day
Their old familiar carols play,
And wild and sweet the words repeat
Dear Mum,
Sitting here I wondered why I won't be home for Christmas
the lads and me in company C feel sorry for those who'll miss us
Father calls me William, sister calls me Will,
Mother calls me Willie, but the fellers call me Bill!
Mighty glad I ain't a girl - ruther be a boy,
Hvo minnes ikke
et vær, han tror, ei himlen mer kan skikke?
et vær som om hver sjel, fra Kains til den,
May all my enemies go to hell,
Noel, Noel, Noel, Noel.'Tis Christmas weather, and a country house
Receives us: rooms are full: we can but get
An attic-crib. Such lovers will not fret
Music I love -­ but never strain
Could kindle raptures so divine,
So grief assuage, so conquer pain,
A Christmas tree! A Christmas tree!
With dark green needled memories
Of childhood dreams and mysteries
In byre and barn the mows are brim with sheaves,
Where stealeth in with phosphorescent tread
The glimmering moon, and, ’neath his wattled eaves,
Once upon a Christmas Day,
A sense of cheer and  joy  were in the air,
Music aroused the spirit everywhere.
Our Christmas tree, stood straight and tall,
We had it standing in the hall,
With decorations, sparkling bright,
They let the children out of school too early.
I left the Christmas shopping till too late.
Each day we had a holiday excursion,
It was Christmas Day in the trenches
In Spain in Penninsular War,
And Sam Small were cleaning his musket
And wilt thou hear the fevered heart
To Thee in silence cry?
And as th' inconstant wildfires dart
It is the longest night in all the year,
Near on the day when the Lord Christ was born;
Six hours ago I came and sat down here,
There is something about Christmas,
In Santa Claus and twinkling trees,
In the joy and laughter of every child,
Take the wise men to the Emperor's palace.
Wash their hands in water.
Get them to say something about truth.
When Christmas comes the  Christmas heat'll
bring once more the Christmas Beetle
The first inflammatory breeze'll
THIS box, mine own sweet darling, thou wilt find
With many a varied sweetmeat's form supplied;
The fruits are they of holy Christmas tide,
Mr. Smiggs was a gentleman,
And he lived in London town;
His wife she was a good kind soul,
The Christmas homes of England!
How far-famed and how dear;
In bright array they ever stand,
Wrapped was the world in slumber deep,
By seaward valley and cedarn steep,
And bright and blest were the dreams of its sleep;
In the dark and damp of the alley cold,
Lay the Christmas tree that hadn't been sold;
By a shopman dourly thrown outside;
You were never told, Mother, how old Illyawas drunk
That last holiday, for five days and nights
He stumbled through Petersburg forming
'Glory to God in the highest
And on earth peace good will toward men'
Born unto a virgin was God's only begotten Son
There fared a mother driven forth
Out of an inn to roam;
In the place where she was homeless
The greatest gift of God to man is Christ!
The love for creature man that God displayed;
Born in a manger of Virgin Mary,
A farmer's wife, both young and gay,
And fresh as op'ning buds of May;
Had taken to herself, a Spouse,
It's mighty lonesome-like and drear.
Above the Wild the moon rides high,
And shows up sharp and needle-clear
Just once before I die I would
so love to see a lot of smiling faces,
each morning when I board the city bus.
This section is a Christmas tree:
Loaded with pretty toys for you.
Behold the blocks, the Noah's arks,
Once again it's Christmas Time,
time for us to be,
Busy wrapping presents
A holly wreath hung on the door,
Or presents strewn across the floor,
Tall Christmas tree with baubles bright,
'Tis winter-time as snow-flakes fall;
'Tis Christmas-time for all;
And Christmas eve has come at last,
Running towards her pumpkin
At the stroke of midnight
Her lost slipper upon the stair
Like a broken Cinderella,
She turns in the jewellery box,
There is no exit, no escape, no hope,
When we first met it was at  a mask dance party
We only dance once
but last a lifetime
There is a girl and a boy,
Connected only in cyber,
Never met,
Cinderella was a nice gal
Always did what she was told
Put others before herself
Adelaida: A Cuban Cinderella
Written by Ana Monnar
{PAGE 1}
I still believe in Cinderella story.
And I am even worse.
There's no concept of time.
Cinderella!
I need your crummy clothes cleaned.
First, make sure you have every stain off them.
Cinderella a woman of thoughts
A woman of brave and questioning mind
Stood for education and empowerment
Cinderella and her dog
sat at home on the old log.
Sisters had gone to the dance
My outstretched arms surpass the point
Of normal, taxing every joint
By reaching, gasping, pulling in
On the memory of seeing Mary Pickford's 'Cinderella or the Little Glass Slipper' on a children's toy projector one silent film childhood Christmas; the companion piece was a Mickey Mouse short feature; my father was driven to desperation every time he was asked to thread that impossibly small machine (and we asked him a lot) .
to my mother and father for separate beautiful reasons -
feather-stitching these glass shadows
Behold the beauteous maiden... ill-fitted to those rags...
And quite often heavy laden... as on and on life drags...
Yet despite her heart now broken... by others and their spite,
The birthing of articulated expression
will always find its means of entering
into the world outside and beyond
[to my Grandmother, with love]
we are the queen of nooks and crannies,
she sparkled, pulling a raisin bun from the air
A Prince's Dream
Slender slipper
Of a slippery antelope
Cinderella got lost
somewhere in between
the countryside and palace
Cinderella the beautiful girl
I saw in my dreams
she was flying in a flying saucer
cinderella lied,
she never lost her glass slipper
only her virginity...
Cinderella was a good girl who went with the flow;
When the clock struck twelve, she knew she must go,
As she followed the good godmothers advice
When the countdown's over
I won't be disappeared
I still want to meet you
You are the Cinderella and
I want to be the man  to take your hand and help
you stand to be your man in all the land
the clock will chime and you'll
remember what she said.
your dress will turn to sand;
You always read about it:
the plumber with the twelve children
who wins the Irish Sweepstakes.
The clock strikes midnight
and the magic ends:
the fairy tale is over
This week I ran,
I ran from home.
My father was cruel,
I wish I could be you're Cinderella
I wish I could meet you at a ball and
You find my glass slipper and bring it back
Am, amalgam!
With the ways of life;
Proof, roof!
I used to think that beauty is for the roses
I used to think that elegance is for the gazelle
Now I discovered that Cinderella is beauty
Oh! Cinderella the beautiful girl
Perhaps we are not knowing each other
But trying to remember always
On the white sheet you lie stretched out,
your hot breath is caressing my cheek softly,
with the yellow-peach rain you did come
Father met a lovely lady,
She had two daughters one
was crazy
A lonely child with toil o’ertaxed,
Sits Cinderella by the fire;
Her limbs in weariness relaxed,
She takes in a breath as the roaring sun sets
And watch shadows fade into faint silhouettes
The smell of melted pink candles filled the air
The clock has just struck one.
Have you seen Cinderella tonight?
Was she ever real?
How my mother treats me, sweeping out the golden straw.
Only can it tilt us and it's us it can when only,
deeply in the girls our clear feelings show the crimson heels.
Is Cinderella leading a happy life with her dearest prince still,
hand in hand, heading towards the same destination?
She knows how to eat with a fork made of gold?
Cinderella means the personality or beauty of a person,
Or things remain unrecognized in real and in version.
In our society there are some talented and wise people,
My name's not Cinderella,
I don't need to be saved.
I don't have a wicked step mom,
If my name was Cinderella
You could be the prince
I could wear my sparkling prom dress
A light like yours can lead me home.
A body warm inside my arms.
A fantasy so alive, made of flesh and bone.
Why looking blue today
What’s the matter with you?
Where is Prince Charming?
Cinderella, why do you wish to be like anyone else?
Your fine by yourself.
People notice you because your different
Dreaming
Every night
About holding you
Her imaginary playmate was a grown-up
In sea-coal satin. The flame-blue glances,
The wings gauzy as the membrane that the ashes
Pretty as a flower. Wild as a rose. Free as
a raven, off into the skies she goes. Dancing
until midnight. Till her eyes tire and close.
We, the students do feel
That literature is a big deal
It is full of nonsense, 'tis true
I guess you think you know this story.
You don't. The real one's much more gory.
The phoney one, the one you know,
Cinderella in the street
In a ragged gown,
Sloven slippers on her feet,
Cinderella was quite a nice girl, at the start
Then her mother passed away, which broke Daddy’s heart
But “Time heals all wounds”, and again he did marry
It’s Midnight my love
Its time for me to disappear
And leave behind my
She was the Cinderella
waiting for her prince charming,
but soon enough
Pierced the Rays of mighty sun-
To wake her up from slumber.
With head weighing like a ton,
It's raining out there, would you mind to join me?
Lets play in the rain, we'll laugh and dance till the rain's over.
It's 11: 16 pm right now, the clock will strikes to 12 soon.
I’m standing on the stairs in a magnificent hall
Wearing the dress that I bought for the ball
It’s long and flowing, sparkling white
Descend from the foothill and don't you feel the humidity?
Dew drops scattered all over the meadow as pearls.
Give me your hand; hand-in-hand we can pick them before the sun rise.
Amidst a darkened night
lay a dreadful sight,
inside a pumpkin;
there was once a girl I knew
Her name was Cinderella
But Cinderella is way too long
'Oh I so...love to go
to balls! '
she laughed
The party is over,
the last dance is playing,
and soon you’ll be going home,
Cinderella a great social symbol
Stood for service to fellow humans
Family woman stood with her
The sky is watching
As the night is listening
She stares out the window
Every girl has once fell victim
Of the Cinderella Syndrome
Where her dreams and fantasies wonder around
i have this disease, it
makes you think there
is happiness and that
Cinderella the cute girl
Cinderella the poor girl
The kind full heart there have
Cinderella the dear girl
The fondness of love you gave
The unselfish gestures to guests
Delight you cinderella
The world of joy there we see
The world of hope we expect
There I saw a beautiful girl
In the little street of the town
In shabby dressed, the girl seen
Cinderella the young one
Her story a tragic one
written by hearsay
Once upon a time there was a daughter,
In family of merchant she was in laughter.
The time came she lost her both parents,
So this is love?
Is this what they told me of?
Because I don't feel the connection
My biggest fear since I was small has
ever been fear of boring nothingness
I commiserated with the animals for
where are her little helpers
those nice little mice
why is she so alone in it all
The vainest girls in forty states
Were Gwendolyn and Gladys Gates;
They warbled slightly off the air,
I am not Cinderella
I am not beautiful in every way
I do not have malevolent family members
She is my Cinderella                                                  And I am her prince for ever,                                        We were born to be like this                                          Cinderella and the prince,                                           Our hearts got united with the                                        Bond of love and in the kingdom                                       Of love for ever and ever,                                           I can not live away from her and                                      She can not live away from me,                                       Our love is pretty and unique in                                      All of its aspects anytime,                                          Our dreams are the same and our                                       Hearts unite to have a strong love,                                  She is my hope and my life and                                        I am her guy who dwells in her heart, so                              We were born to be pretty lovers and                                  To be together for ever and ever.                                    انها سندريلا                                                            و انا اميرها الى الابد                                                   ولدنا لنكون هكدا                                                      سندريلا و الامير                                                         اتحدت قلوبنا برباط الحب                                                 و في مملكة الحب                                                          لااستطيع العيش بعيدا عنها و                                            لاتستطيع العيش بعيدا عني                                                حبنا رائغ و فريد في                                                    كل اوجهه في اي وقت                                                     احلامنا ذاتها و                                                         تتحد قلوبنا ليكون هناك حبا قويا                                       هي املي و حياني و                                                     و انا الرجل الذي يسكن في قلبها, و لذلك                                فنحن ولدنا لنكون حبيبن و                                               لنكون معا الى ابد الابدين.This bell ring spread a beautiful memories
About a girl who tried to catch a little dream
Unfortunely she found herself in a middle of
I spend my days like Cinderella
I want a prince of America
I love to dance like Cinderella
If I was Cinderella would you love me?
Would you pick me up in a gold carriage and dance with me till midnight?
When I run, will you never give up, and chase after me just to give me a passionate kiss?
I'm not that Cinderella, ,
I’m not right all the time,
And I’m not gonna sit in a cold, dusty old attic,
From dusk to dawn,
From town to town,
Without a single clue,
Don't be afraid of, cinderella
The girl of truth, and nicety
The little one, the joyful one
Cinderella the girl
The village grown
Neither fairy nor devilish
Look me over, kid!
I know I’m neat, -
Little Cinderella from head to feet.
Once some children
Said to Grandmother,
"Please tell us a story
This is one of my poems in my current erotic poem book I am writing to publish later this year. And please it is all based on imagination!
The smell of her strong musky fragrance
Imposed on me a certain disturbance
I'm a modern Cinderella.
I wish I was more like Twighlight's Bella.
But i'm locked away.
We used to love, we used to dance.
But something happened to make the love vanish.
The dance ended as my Cinderella left me, slipping through my hands like the sands of time.
Gently into the bright future I sway;
Then I met her so fair on my way and
To her beauty a gaze I never say nay. For
You seemed like a really good catch
until that night at your place
dollar store votive candles
Wrongs to commit them.
Are wrongs to commit. Period!
And there is no Cinderella slipper,
In the glaring sun on the melting sand
She  marches from near by souk
Pushing a shopping cart to noble palace
Once there was a gal named Priscilla,
'Pon wedding, she was called Cinderella.
But she was heard in a room
From dawn till dusk,
from land to land,
without too much ado,
I would fade away if you pass me over
You’re making me walk through a broken glass
I ‘m getting more comprised in your love as the day passes
Do you remember the Ball, Cinderella, do you recall the Ball?
And the prancing, glancing, dancing
of blissed eyes Do you remember the Ball, Cinderella, do you recall the Ball?
There was a letter in the mail,
I dreamed that night about
a woman named Tara McHale.
I want to drink the ocean to come to you
I want to give you the kiss the one you need
I want to wake you up from endless sleep
Fancy clothes, tiara like a queen
Why can't I come in my jeans?
Manicured nails, skin like a dove
Spring it is! Bouncy and crisp.
Sunshine, cheerful and sparkling.
The almond blossoms, as pretty as pink,
The farmhouse lingers, though averse to square
With the new city street it has to wear
A number in. But what about the brook
in my heart
a river runs
alluvial, fishes,
Unlovely city, to which few tourists come
With squinting cameras and alien hats;
Left under a cloud by those who love the sun
There’s a constant rumble
To the pounding beat
Of the people’s hearts
1
I understand the boredom of the clerks
fatigue shifting like dunes within their eyes
Careful Observers may fortel the Hour
(By sure Prognosticks) when to dread a Show'r:
While Rain depends, the pensive Cat gives o'er
I stand upon a hill and see
A luminous country under me,
Through which at two the drunk sailor must weave;
Already I am no longer looked at with lechery or love.
My daughters and sons have put me away with marbles and dolls,
Are gone from the house.
Crash, smash a flying bottle
Enters my back yard at full throttle
I missed the little blighters which is more than a pity
Beautiful city
Beautiful city, the centre and crater of European confusion,
O you with your passionate shriek for the rights of an equal
I have read, in some old, marvellous tale,
Some legend strange and vague,
That a midnight host of spectres pale
T-day paper,
Little color bits fuel
A hunger never filled
What are you able to build with your blocks?
Castles and palaces, temples and docks.
Rain may keep raining, and others go roam,
In back streets dark, cold and wet
Forgotten figures in corners slept
Ragged figures of human debris
City-bus is crawling one zone to another
Someone is recalling somebody silently
Entering into the dustless cool mall
On my desk, a set of labels
or a synopsis of leeks,
blanched by the sun
Once, there was a girl,
She lived in the city.
She is precious like a pearl,
Night is lively.
Night is stunning
Night is pleasurable.
Imprisoned in squalor, like a rat in a cage
A hopeless ignition explodes into rage
Poverty's chains cut with mocking intent
Music is like a city
The genres are the suburbs
The bands, the streets
CITY of orgies, walks and joys!
City whom that I have lived and sung in your midst will one day make
you illustrious,
CITY of ships!
(O the black ships! O the fierce ships!
O the beautiful, sharp-bow'd steam-ships and sail-ships!)
WHO KNOW LONDON
CITY OF  IMMORTAL HISTORY
CITY ON THE MID SEA CAN`T
This new software is great.
I have the power to remove
homeless people by clicking
City
Plastic flowers
Lipstick lovers
Roof-tops, roof-tops, what do you cover?
Sad folk, bad folk, and many a glowing lover;
Wise people, simple people, children of despair --
The gaudy glow of neon lights
dispels the darkness of the nights
on city streets.
In the sky there is nobody asleep. Nobody, nobody.
Nobody is asleep.
The creatures of the moon sniff and prowl about their cabins.
The trees along this city street,
Save for the traffic and the trains,
Would make a sound as thin and sweet
I
As the blind Milton's memory of light,
The deaf Beethoven's phantasy of tone,
There's no green nor any blue
No sea nor a hill of hue
Our eyes gain no tranquil glory
COME, here is adieu to the city
And hurrah for the country again.
The broad road lies before me
Like a long arrow through the dark the train is darting,
Bearing me far away, after a perfect day of love's delight:
Wakeful with all the sad-sweet memories of parting,
Faraway city
Castles in the clouds and mist
Your dreams will come trueWe have a small sculpture of Henry James on our terrace in New York City.
Nothing would surprise him.
The beast in the jungle was what he saw--
Not in the solitude
Alone may man commune with heaven, or see
Only in savage wood
Some have told me the city will ruin me
Some said the city is an ugly place
The city has marred better men than me
How strange that here is nothing as it was!
The sward is young and new,
The sod there shapes a different mass,
LONDON, thou art of townes A per se.
Soveraign of cities, seemliest in sight,
Of high renoun, riches and royaltie;
In the city of sorrows
Is where we see so much
Racism
Las Vegas, Las Vegas, the city of dreams,
The city of triumph and utter disaster.
For you can win and gain a most vast amount,
White King City I left at dawn
in the morning-glow of the clouds;
The thousand miles to Chiang-ling
You are my city
the gaudy glow of neon light
that dispels the darkness of the night
You are my city
The gaudy glow of neon light
that dispels the darkness of the night
The sluggish clouds hang low upon the town,
And from yon lamp in chilled and sodden rays
The feeble light gropes through the heavy mist
SEE how the speckled sky burns like a pigeon's throat,
Jewelled with embers of opal and peridote.
See the white river that flashes and scintillates,
O CITY, look the Eastward way!
Beyond thy roofs of shadowy red and grey
Floats like a lily on the airy stream,
We couldn’t believe what we were hearing
It just couldn’t be true we thought
How could anyone be this cruel?
The white woman across the aisle from me says 'Look,
look at all the history, that house
on the hill there is over two hundred years old, '
ONCE I pass'd through a populous city, imprinting my brain, for
future use, with its shows, architecture, customs, and
traditions;
. . .telling those who swarm around him his desire
is that an appendage from each of them
fill, invade each of his orifices,--
Too old to carry arms and fight like the others -
they graciously gave me the inferior role of chronicler
I record - I don't know for whom - the history of the siege
I once walked by the saddest city lane
And saw an old man there, all ragged and plain.
He sat alone by a glowing fires flaring light
There's a lobby by my study where my visitors may enter
which, since we got the kittens, has a dirtbox at the centre.
They're still too young to go outside, that's why I ask for pity:
Down at suicide city,
Null of pride and past all pity.
Suicide city:
To live between terms, to live where death
has his loud picture in the subway ride,
Being amid six million souls, their breath
WHO remains in London,
In the streets with me,
Now that Spring is blowing
Across the bridge, where in the morning blow
The wrinkled tide turns homeward, and is fain
Homeward to drag the balck sea-goer's chain,
My window shews the travelling clouds,
Leaves spent, new seasons, alter'd sky,
The making and the melting crowds:
Beautiful Ancient City of Perth,
One of the grandest on the earth,
With your stately mansions and streets so clean,
A sad tale of the sea I will relate, which will your hearts appal
Concerning the burning of the steamship "City of Montreal,"
Which had on board two hundred and forty-nine souls in all,
I
To none the city bends a servile knee;
Purse-proud and scornful, on her heights she stands,
Beside the pounding cataracts
Of midnight streams unknown to us
'Tis builded in the leafless tracts
It was pleasant up the country, City Bushman, where you went,
For you sought the greener patches and you travelled like a gent;
And you curse the trams and buses and the turmoil and the push,
BY the City Dead-House, by the gate,
As idly sauntering, wending my way from the clangor,
I curious pause--for lo! an outcast form, a poor dead prostitute
Lo! Death has reared himself a throne
In a strange city lying alone
Far down within the dim West,
And when, in the city in which I love you,
even my most excellent song goes unanswered,
andI mount the scabbed streets,
God sits up in Heaven and laughs as the nations imagine a vain thing,
For the internationalism of Jerusalem, is the song they seem to sing.
And it is far from an original song that all the nations are singing,
Per me si va nella citta dolente.
--Dante
Poi di tanto adoprar, di tanti moti
The stranger came from Narromine and made his little joke--
"They say we folks in Narromine are narrow-minded folk.
But all the smartest men down here are puzzled to define
Would you like to see a city given over,
Soul and body, to a tyrannising game?
If you would, there's little need to be a rover,
Over the edge of the purple down,
Where the single lamplight gleams,
Know ye the road to the Merciful Town
Yesterday I drew myself from the noisome throngs and proceeded into the field until I reached a knoll upon which Nature had spread her comely garments. Now I could breathe.
I looked back, and the city appeared with its magnificent mosques and stately residences veiled by the smoke of the shops.
I commenced analyzing man's mission, but could conclude only that most of his life was identified with struggle and hardship. Then I tried not to ponder over what the sons of Adam had done, and centered my eyes on the field which is the throne of God's glory. In one secluded corner of the field I observed a burying ground surrounded by poplar trees.
What shall we do, my soul, to please the King?
Seeing he hath no pleasure in the dance,
And hath condemned the honeyed utterance
Cruising these residential Sunday
streets in dry August sunlight:
what offends us is
When, sick of all the sorrow and distress
That flourished in the City like foul weeds,
I sought blue rivers and green, opulent meads,
You said, "I will go to another land, I will go to another sea.
Another city will be found, a better one than this.
Every effort of mine is a condemnation of fate;
Climbing the heights of Berkeley
Nightly I watch the West.
There lies new San Francisco,
DARK to me is the earth. Dark to me are the heavens.
Where is she that I loved, the woman with eyes like stars?
Desolate are the streets. Desolate is the city.
I know a girl from Cebu City
I have never met her but I know of her
through her lover… a much older man
Over the darkened city, the city of towers,
The city of a thousand gates,
Over the gleaming terraced roofs, the huddled towers,
A BROADSIDE DISTRIBUTED IN SPRINGFIELD, ILLINOIS
Censers are swinging,
Over the town;
I will not toy with it nor bend an inch.
Deep in the secret chambers of my heart
I muse my life-long hate, and without flinch
You can rock to Elvis Presley,
You can Jam to ZZ top, you can bop
To Carl Perkins, you can dance to
This city
Is vastly plagued with loneliness.
I’m looking for Van Morrison’s
To one who has been long in city pent,
'Tis very sweet to look into the fair
And open face of heaven,--to breathe a prayer
The Cities are full of pride,
Challenging each to each --
This from her mountain-side,
London, thou art of town{.e}s A per se.
Soveraign of cities, semeliest in sight,
Of high renoun, riches, and royaltie;
New York City Central Park
on the ice skating rink
two  teenage girls steal the show
Had I but plenty of money, money enough and to spare,
The house for me, no doubt, were a house in the city-square;
Ah, such a life, such a life, as one leads at the window there!
Could I walk this city
every day
and never find the same place twice?
Light drunkenly reels into shadow;
Blurs, slurs uneasily;
Slides off the eyeballs:
The tired cars go grumbling by,
The moaning, groaning cars,
And the old milk carts go rumbling by
Captain, or colonel, or knight in arms,
Whose chance on these defenceless doors may seize,
If deed of honour did thee ever please,
The snow is yellow
round the doorway to the pub;
gone, the sound of 'Aaaahh...'I am really shocked to behold the pink city
Blood when flows near by  the green field
From the ill fatted souls of their mother’s womb
Harichandran had to leave
Ayodhya, once he gave
All his wealth to the Sage
Sathyakeerthi brought fruits
Which they all ate,
But Sukran did protest
Kasi was a well known city,
Noted for its culture and beauty.
The bees hummed in the fields.
Globalization.................................... ..............Flowers are the smiles of plants and trees
Like the morning Sunshine creates brightness!
Sweet smiles of everyone is the bright side of one
When a snowman winks his eyes of coal,
And from their windows children know...
Magic's in the air.
Best knowledge,
Thoughts, words and deeds
Constitute culture!Any culture that teaches tolerance is great
Their back ground and heritage may clearly state
The excavations may lead to some clue
Just economy, science and technology can't make society progress;
Knowledge of economy and technology can't make education complete
Sans humanities like literature, arts, history and religion anywhere!
You are 20 miles away from wisdom and,
I am 60 miles awy from you with the facts of life;
And like the little doctrines and the rules which may delay a culture,
They were indeed simple people
the people of the east
A FINE CULTURE they did have
O you were once wild and beautiful
When summer's rays reclined in your hair
And your Being blazed in valleys and hills.
Modern gadgets are eating away vitals of health;
Many have become victims of video games long!
One in England dies playing game for 12 hours
A mystic's vision is
enlarged by Asian wisdom
and it deepens this insight
Humans don't like terrorism, violence and war, but only peace;
Peace needs to be promoted by the efforts of people of all creeds;
Creeds or religions are not for imposing on all but for peace only;
Tuesday evening, January 15,2019 at 9: 10 p.m.
"Your silence will not protect you."
- Audre Lorde, Sister Outsider: Essays and Speeches
It unites people,
Creates friendships
And develops love!
Pictures,
Structures,
Art and culture!
Art and culture,
Going my own way;
With my imagination,
Hear the steak sizzle
And the beer fizzle,
A hit of beach cricket
Enticing sounds luring my mind down avenues of another
culture, seeing fascinating colors and festivities
happening all around.
Basic culture
What type of empowerment?
What shall we talk at resent?
Crying inside
But smiling outside is
Best culture!A singer of heart
Of love and joy
Setting words to music,
The earth has been shaped and forged
For over 4.5 billion years, there is no hurry
Ice formed and shaped the valley,
~ Cell ~ Soul ~ Culture ~ [1+26 words poetry]
Ms. Nivedita
UK.
Best way of living is called culture varying from place to place;
Based on experience knowledge of better living helps a way
To be followed for living a satisfied and lasting life of fun here!
Tip-top! Club culture!
Ball and pub culture, hip-hop!
All fools culture, boo-boo!Take a risk
Assess the right and the wrong of it
The pleasure over happiness
Culture based on listless lackeys tries
exploiting basic instincts, fails to thrive.
Conniving skyvers harm harmonious hive,
I ask,
What culture do we have?
Cool is not a culture
At this beautiful morning now,
We are cultivating culture of light,
This light is gift of God is adorable,
Five nights agone I lay at rest
On my suburban couch.
My trousers on the bedpost hung,
Lease,
Release!
Please,
Living,
The culture and the style of the people over here are very different;
And, the society is not much open to all,
Walking across the land;
Dancing and drumming,
And, speaking with the muse of their language.
We’re all lashed
to Cultural Helms
besodden
India has its culture
Displayed in customs & traditions
India is known for it's unique
Culture of India varies from states to states,
the culture  may be dance, music, religion.
The culture originate from past people,
they
told me that walking to the shop was best
done using a pair of old trainers.
Sandwiched between feelings and emotions are rhythms
of our lives, regulating what we do and how we react
to situations.
What is culture?
Culture is refinement and polish,
Is inherited rather than attained
If we put closure to culture
Then in isolated torture
We suffer as human creatures
★ Culture
☆ by Ralph Waldo Emerson
Can rules or tutors educate
what inflicts itself
on groups or people when in-
novation ceasesEducation is good, learning is great
One day everyone will have
A University degree but the academia
Can rules or tutors educate
The semigod whom we await?
He must be musical,
I know its summer,
But all i can think is fall.
In the yard there is no lumber,
After an absence of...
four years intensely immersed;
in a foreign country
Tibetan monasteries falling in ruin, weathered,
beaten down by the Chinese, to provoke a life
long tomb.
English culture is English,
Typically British, American,
European and Christian,
Krishna dancers, singing to a steady, low beat with a lively
spirit, showing the beauty that is of India.
A tangent feeling of incessant beating of hearts, taking care
look
like click
face book culctureTuscan folk verses were such emotional
Inspired and made the folks anyway quite active
To lead honest, happy life as usual
A global culture is closing up on us,
But with lustful minds to kill mankind;
Yet still, they take up the Bible to calm us down.
Help yourself to the sun
There’s a bite taken out of it already
The only thing that you’ll become
Culture’s growth in leaps and bounds,
Must bring it out of its own cage or shell,
To adapt itself to environs new,
Gun culture
Life is moving very fast
We don't know when will it last
Interest born of curiosity kindles love of all subjects
To have deep knowledge to know whole and ultimate truth;
That's human culture helping harmonious self development!
Let us come together,
Let us work together,
Let us love each other.
Humanity and culture
Yes, father wants someone to take care
Look after
Holiday mood in West and festival mood in East
Begin with the last phase of August till September!
Then Winter mood of festivals continue on starting
In a certain culture,
People do eat and drink blood;
In a certain culture,
Indian culture is the best like gold.
India  hath  need of  cultured men.
A gun or bomb may convert into a pen.
Indian thought and culture and tradition,
Try I to charter their course
From the very beginning to down the ages
We must all stay aware…..,
Of the Insane Culture Of Mass-Murder….,
It’s been increasing for years….,
To lay blame on another,
Is part of the culture.
Very few will admit that sat,
It is in the culture.
Fed to accept,
Deception.
summer kiwi wine festival season
chasing fans on Classic Hits Winery Tour
singers centre stage in wine paradise
When I have returned to dust,
recall me, but not the genuine me;
no, leave that shrinking, purple-
I am the cradle of all civilizations
In my veins I run
The seed of human history
Migrated Culture
In me there is something like blood
I brought in my heart after the flood
Modern Indian English poetry represents it not
India,
Indian thought, culture and philosophy,
Greeds for power have built some ancient towers
Located at different territories called main centers,
Greeds for interests have strengthened those towers
More POP is the culture.
Given more significance to it meant.
And getting more POP is a culture,
Inherent of heredity as heritage
like ants gathering in heap
And cultural feeling dressed us
It’s wonderful to watch the performance
As Native American’s show us all
How it was in the old days
Let us not become bigotry
That shall pain with past history
We need to learn and move
Is it modern culture to
Unclothe and denude?
Where are we going to
We are all just
Just here looking all around
Around the world, we have come
Peeps peep on pop and culture.
People peep on pop and culture.
There's a peep on pop and culture,
construction workers
across the street
listening to
We must be aware…..,
Of the Culture Of Racism….,
It’s a slur and a swear….,
A fascinating idea in terms of humanity I try to define,
Either by Scriptural songs or scientific forms in rhyme,
Religion is centralistic repetition through cultural style,
A fascinating idea
if defines divinity in terms of humanity,
either by scriptural songs or
Living in clusters begot societies,
Which bred cultures which in turn bred ethics.
Defiance is shame, which rules one’s conduct.
Have no doubt
When we talk about
Death is certain
Himalayan mountains the snow ranges
In heights stands there in pride
Makes a strong wall to my country
Open your naive eyes…..,
To the Culture Of Stupidity….,
It’s all around you….,
Violence has become the common feature of stories
And movies to thrill the audience with actions..!
Nonviolence in stories and movies are boring to
We proud of our nation and our culture
we proud we have great history
we have gifted with great knowledge
The Indian culture is very sound,
it is based upon the family background.
The bond of their relationship is such found,
Underage minors take care
To brush your teeth and comb you hair
One hundred times before you go out
useless exuberance is dead
it died in the winter of America
the age of Aquarius is lost
The celebration is on
For simple man
And really remembered as human
Many guests filling home with talk and Tibetan
culture.
A beautiful dog, tail wagging, hoping to greet
Tradition & culture- Moroccan way
Thursday,14th May 2020
As Moroccan kingdom of an ancient culture
Install any dishonest man
To look after and protect the humans
He shall oblige
All the time, such a temperament
Cannot take us far away
In the mission and vision of life,
What have I understood
And they taught me not too,
I know nothing about India,
When we lose our culture
We lose our identityGreen was culture, Green were you.
After a revolt, after a red,
You have become black,
One Two Three Four
One Two Three Four
Forwards. Sideways.
You walk up to me
those blue oceans of yours twinkling
as you take my hand
Could I ask you to dance, madam?
Let’s go to dance to this music.
You mustn’t be a lonely woman
a dance?
a candle flame
courting
All work is over at the farm
And men and maids are ripe for glee;
Love slips among them sly and warm
I dance alone in the shadows
My feet barely touching the ground
Walzing through the night
I'm sitting here at home
trying to write a simple poem
I'm staring at the floor
Autumn.
Fall.
Leaves drop. Cranberry, gold, chocolate, and rust.
Dance!
Dance!
The priest is yellow with sunflower meal,
At first I thought she waltzed,
but then I saw the error of
my observation powers.
But in the Wine-presses the human grapes sing not nor dance:
They howl and writhe in shoals of torment, in fierce flames consuming,
In chains of iron and in dungeons circled with ceaseless fires,
amber light
falling sand
dancers move
Come dance with me and find release,
howl to the moon, with wild wolves run,
no nightmares now as heart finds peace, -
A little ray of hope across a midnight sky
A time for all time, a light to shine
Sunrise and sunset caught in one net
Nearly reached your hand this time;
I know if you’re there,
it has to be a good place.
Dance for Nataraja before you,
Dance for the Gods around you,
Dance for the knowledge bestowed on you,
Words can fail like magnets not sticking to the fridge
and we all complain when the rent is due again.
Pay your bills and meet the obligations of
Dance, dance and dance
Dance at once
If you get chance
Dance in the moon light with,
All the stars in sight
Dance to the smiles
As I drove 'cross town today
To get my Holiday shopping under way
With my car radio tuned in
Dance, Dance  Dance
everywhere,
When I look at the sky,
Dance, Dance
To the music
Dance, Dance
Dance through life
Dance through time
Dance around the felings
Dance, dance
Thursday,28th February 2019
We always dance
Are you angry
so you are now hermit
under the guise of a crab.
For the Marriage in Cana of Galilee
Dark-eyed,
O woman of my dreams,
The clouds are a skimming
Over the tops of the trees.
The birds are all chirping
Where are the dames I used to know
In Dawson in the days of yore?
Alas, it's fifty years ago,
Though the times be rough
No need to complain
Pick yourself up
Dance me to your beauty with a burning violin
Dance me through the panic 'til I'm gathered safely in
Lift me like an olive branch and be my homeward dove
dance, my little puppets
dance for me
dance, my little puppets
Sometimes we do the rumba,
a foxtrot or a jive,
as we dance through our life,
With tender looks
you fall into one another’s arms
the warm embrace
did you leave me here alone
to face this world of emptiness
while i wanted to have the dance of love with you
Is the Dance Of Romance….,
Sometimes you’re not sure….,
But you must take the chance….,
dance dance dance
it's time for
a little romance
I'm thinking hard,
But my mind should be empty.
I practice the movements,
I'll dance all night
I'll dance the pain away
I'll dance until the morning sun
-
Dance, I said to the boy in the glass
Staring back at me with a darkening mask
Im Starting to live my life,
Im dancing my crazy dance!
Im singing my favourite song like no one is listening
Dance unto the light,
Sway to the sounds of time,
Watch the angels bright,
Holding the strings of vibes
We move to dance of life
When I look I see your essence
Dance with me
Beauty angel
Dance with me
Dance with me
Through the rest of my years
Through the happiness
Dance with me
Take my hand  pull me close
caress my body with your
Did she ever dance the tango
On those clear and cloudless nights?
Did she ever wash the dishes?
Can you feel it?  Can you sense it?
You know the rhythm
Sinking into your Dancing Feet?
I have been touched
By Loves hand
If but one moment in time
As the sun sinks upon the horizon,
As the dark night creeps in,
The dead dance.
Like an infant in the cradle
I rocked in his arms and penned this fable
The sweet lucid lyrics of the song
1. My Criterion For Success
You say you find merit in a theory that is based
on a meaningless universe, created by chaos -
our thoughts are the blooms
and the wind our admirers
in so many ways it blows
As in the desert,
A sand blows,
It's eastward wings carrying it's wonderous jewels
Long ago a prophet appeared,
A Piute Medicine Chief known as Wovoka.
He spoke to the Lakota people and others,
autumn dance
a leaf drops,   spirals,
sommersaults on groundMy April dance dance
spring is coming young again
- Hope in every chanceI don't remember a witch
...but there was a black cat,
who sat down beside me
326
I cannot dance upon my Toes—
No Man instructed me—
I’d dance in the morning
When the world has begun
I’d dance in the moonlight
Life is a dance which leads each one of us to the ultimate truth-Death. Here I am traveling towards my coffin, not walking but dancing. Without music, without obliged to any defined rhythm, I am inching towards it, towards my coffin. Throughout my dancing once again I am watching everything...
I am dancing without music
Dancing without definite steps
How does it feel to be?
On the floor with all eyes on you?
To move so swiftly and gracefully
ill dance 4 luv
ill dance 4 pain
i dance hopeing theres still luv 2 gain
To live life as it is unfolding
under my nose
Right now
gotta big johnson
gotta big johnson
here in my pants
Life is every where
Life
Life is a challenge
...Deep in the after glow...
We swayed in the mid-night mist...
Totally enamoured in our Rainbow of love...
Any boy can dance
even for girls harbouring
ill jested kabuki livery
But in the Wine-presses the human grapes sing not nor dance:
They howl and writhe in shoals of torment, in fierce flames consuming,
In chains of iron and in dungeons circled with ceaseless fires,
HER EYES WERE VACANT,
HER MIND BARREN, HER
FRUSTRATIONS CLOUTHED
The phone rang after 2: 00 am.
Taking the steps in pairs
my legs faltered at his door -
The shell of objects inwardly consumed
Will stand, till some convulsive wind awakes;
Such sense hath Fire to waste the heart of things,
Men with picked voices chant the names
of cities in a huge gallery: promises
that pull through descending stairways
Poets Dance in the heart of rhythms
Discussion spoken in the pen
Energy being tampered with in the music
THE INDIFFERENT.
COME to the dance with me, come with me, fair one!
Dances a feast-day like this may well crown.
Looked forward to the Saturday Night dance
We did, all dressed up to 'shine',
With winkle picker shoes, and layers of net
This poem was written by a terminally
ill young girl in a New York Hospital.
It was sent by a doctor -
Have you ever watched kids
On a merry-go-round?
Or listened to the rain
Pillowy powder
Falls from the sky,
I gaze in wonder,
Today was perfect...
allegro
Bach's oboe
Dance little baby, dance up high,
Never mind baby, mother is by;
Crow and caper, caper and crow,
Take a dance with me
Up the old banana tree
- Where we used to be!
TO Jenny came a gentle youth
From inland leazes lone;
His love was fresh as apple-blooth
THE warder looks down at the mid hour of night,
On the tombs that lie scatter'd below:
The moon fills the place with her silvery light,
See how, like lightest waves at play, the airy dancers fleet;
And scarcely feels the floor the wings of those harmonious feet.
Ob, are they flying shadows from their native forms set free?
Take the name of the swain, a forlorn witless elf
Who was chang'd to a flow'r for admiring himself.
A part deem'd essential in each lady's dress
Andre fell in love with her beauty,
her royal elegant appearance.
She carried herself proud, purring
In Breughel's great picture, The Kermess,
the dancers go round, they go round and
around, the squeal and the blare and the
What do you think I saw to-day when I arose at dawn?
Blue Wrens and Yellow-tails dancing on the lawn!
Bobbing here, and bowing there, gossiping away,
Decades faded
Remembering
Old school
You have no dance item to do
Barring this lungi dance,
Taking full air,
A chant to which it is intended a group of children shall dance and improvise pantomime led by their dancing-teacher.
A master deep-eyed
Ere his manhood was ripe,
Strike the gay harp! see the moon is on high,
And, as true to her beam as the tides of the ocean,
Young hearts, when they feel the soft light of her eye,
In twilight days of half meals
We gathered weapons in, anger
Long stilled into vaporous ether
(A Poem Game.)
I
"Down cellar," said the cricket,
We are Americans went nuke in 41
We are Americans we have the biggest gun
We now fight a war of attrition
You are growing old,
And your mind is aging too.
Your eyes are nearly closed,
Will you dance with me again?
Like we danced beneath the stars
Swaying in each others arms
Dancing out of rhyme and reason.
Lacking rhythm with a pace too aged,
For the times you are behind.
You think you can
Dance
Let me see your dance
What if tomorrow doesn’t come?
Where then shall you go?
When your life on earth is done
Those words, life in peace,
A compass in the storm,
Light for closed eyes.
shot in the eye
shot in the brain
shot in the ****
night is a un explained song,
when my dreams let me
venture out and cross
The poppies bow in honour of the fallen,
Swaying in the breeze, in fear of time,
Red gaping wounds upon the planets corpse,
Ah, yesterday was dark and drear,
My heart was deadly sore;
Without thy love it seemed, my Dear,
It's dark outside
But I see the light
Then darkness
Think not, because I wonder where you fled,
That I would lift a pin to see you there;
You may, for me, be prowling anywhere,
BEHOLD, as goblins dark of mien
And portly tyrants dyed with crime
Change, in the transformation scene,
Some men, some men
Cannot pass a
Book shop.
I.
My first thought was, he lied in every word,
That hoary cripple, with malicious eye
Come and play with me it whispers,
Its child like fingers clutching our own,
Come and play my game it pleads,
Your belongings are meager
As you wander loveless streets,
And the sidewalks kill your soul
As far as I remembered,
We were friends since forever,
Each other we never hated
skimming stones,
into a dirty english sea,
bieng my big strong dad,
I see you now,
and it makes me cry in my heart,
one so beautiful, and yet,
thick dark Crows circling to land.
at dusk with brown leaves swirling-
-It's true. I am the black crow-
Uneasy darkness envelopes me.
Blinding moments
of mood disorient
O dark, dark, dark, amid the blaze of noon,
Irrecoverably dark, total eclipse
Without all hope of day!
In my haunting dark, dark dream of scare
Into the depths where none dare
In the darkness of this night mare
Dark girl so filled with strife
Dark Dark girl she'll take your life
Dark girl stay for a while
Dark dark moon
Dark dark moon
No no no no no, don't show me your face...!
I'm blinded
When I scream
As I tumble through the darkness
One day,
Dogs will laugh
In the streets,
Sweet maiden, why disguise
The beauty of your eyes
With glasses black?
Welcome to my haunted house
Dare to see the dark in me
Suits of armor wait to joust
Dark is dark, let it be,
Dark is dark, let it be,
What it was dark, is still now and will
The dark moon is rising
No silver left to see
The crone has awakened
Dark, more dark,
See the days here.
And in dark
For I have seen dark mountains in the sky,
More Himalayan to the naked eye,
Than any reason for our where or why.
In a dark night, when the light
burning was the burning of love (fortuitous
night, fated, free,--)
Dying Romantic says:
I walk these streets all alone,
the sound of your voice still ringing on my phone.
Dark is a shade of my heart.
When I close my eyes I see a ray of light in dark.
It gives me pleasure of finding you in dark.
This poem bleeds dysfunctional desire,
Blood stains through the dirty streets
Mark the paths we trod,
O MY Dark Rosaleen,
Do not sigh, do not weep!
The priests are on the ocean green,
indulge my observation
while fusion warms the days
counting micro-Einsteins
A poor chap is digging trenches
in the frontier beneath the Sungod.
He is not in regular army
My mother
Foresaw deaths
And walked among
Urgency of frantic desire
Requires witchcraft
Or that I become
Beware ye
The violent tempests of the heart
That rage through the flesh
Said I to Pain: "You would not dare
Do ill to me."
Said Pain: "Poor fool! Why should I care
Birds have no consciousness of doom:
Yon thrush that serenades me daily
From scented snow of hawthorn bloom
This wood burns a dark
Incense. Pale moss drips
In elbow-scarves, beards
GOD with His million cares
Went to the left or right,
Leaving our world; and the day
We shall not always plant while others reap
The golden increment of bursting fruit,
Not always countenance, abject and mute,
I want to sleep the dream of the apples,
to withdraw from the tumult of cemetries.
I want to sleep the dream of that child
jazz club
three african men talk about
the jewel in the darkI see thee better—in the Dark—
I do not need a Light—
The Love of Thee—a Prism be—
I wake and feel the fell of dark, not day,
What hours, O what black hours we have spent
This night! what sights you, heart, saw; ways you went!
In a dark time, the eye begins to see,
I meet my shadow in the deepening shade;
I hear my echo in the echoing wood--
I felt her smile like the rays of the sun
approaching me I almost felt she would run
calling my name with a pleasuring glee
IN THE DARK MIRROR
in the dark mirror
where no light can reach
In the dark pine-wood
I would we lay,
In deep cool shadow
I am living in the darkness
I feel so scared
I feel unsafe
Here in my bedroom deprived of all light
My senses reach out to the blackness of night
How heightened they are… no need to see
From the shadows his hand took a hold of my wrist,
I panicked and struggled to escape his tight grip,
I heard his footsteps creep behind mine
My soul is dark - Oh! quickly string
The harp I yet can brook to hear;
And let thy gentle fingers fling
10
My wheel is in the dark!
I cannot see a spoke
Not quite dark yet
and the stars shining
above the withered fields.
Th'imprison'd winds slumber within their caves
Fast bound: the fickle vane, emblem of change,
Wavers no more, long-settling to a point.
But may a Rural Pen try to set forth
Such a Great Fathers Ancient Grace and worth
I undertake a no less Arduous Theme
1
Senlin sits before us, and we see him.
He smokes his pipe before us, and we hear him.
The lights are silenced....,
The shades are drawn...,
While waiting impatiently....,
I am sitting here in the dark
I am thinking of all the pain
Forgetting all the happiness
If those dark eyes have gazed on me,
Unconscious of their power—
The glance in secret ecstasy
That dark Dweller in Braj
Is my only refuge.
O my companion,
The bird with the dark plumes in my blood,
That never for one moment however I patched my truces
Consented to make peace with the people,
Im lost in my own dark little world,
it has four walls,
a window,
The dark cloud.
It sits around your head
or inside it, more like.
There is an orb that mocked the lore of sages
Long time with mystery of strange unrest;
The steadfast law that rounds the starry ages
A three-day-long rain from the east--
an terminable talking, talking
of no consequence--patter, patter, patter.
Dark is the forest and deep, and overhead
Hang stars like seeds of light
In vain, though not since they were sown was bred
Who was there had seen us
Wouldn't bid him run?
Heavy lay between us
Dark hills at evening in the west,
Where sunset hovers like a sound
Of golden horns that sang to rest
And now, when merry winds do blow,
And rain makes trees look fresh,
An overpowering staleness holds
Where a faint light shines alone,
Dwells a Demon I have known.
Most of you had better say
Dusk in the rain-soaked garden,
And dark the house within.
A door creaked: someone was early
I am a boy with mix emotion
I have no friends
I have parents but they don't want me
Thick overhead
clouds of the monsoon,
a delight to this feverish heart.
Everything looks different in the dark
Sometimes I imagine that things that are standing still are moving
And they are not; it is only in my mind
The dark is here
I like the dark
The dark comes and goes
in a village
soldiers have hunted,
borne behind doors
1       A startled stag, the blue-grey Night,
2           Leaps down beyond black pines.
3       Behind--a length of yellow light--
They see you as they see you,
A poor farmer with no name,
Ploughing cloudward, sowing the wind
There is a dark cloud over my head
With every move i make, every step i take
It keeps following me
Through the Dark Sod—as Education—
The Lily passes sure—
Feels her white foot—no trepidation—
you are the one
i am lit for.
Come with your rod
Traveling through the dark I found a deer
dead on the edge of the Wilson River road.
It is usually best to roll them into the canyon:
Under her dark veil she wrung her hands.
"Why are you so pale today?"
"Because I made him drink of stinging grief
We grow accustomed to the Dark -
When light is put away -
As when the Neighbor holds the Lamp
When the dark comes down, oh, the wind is on the sea
With lisping laugh and whimper to the red reef's threnody,
The boats are sailing homeward now across the harbor bar
Wings of dark evenly spread,
Flatter slowly around my head.
Everything is deepening gloom
o
Huge vapours brood above the clifted shore,
Night on the ocean settles dark and mute,
solitude stands in the bar door
the place i go to find her
her lips like wine
As his mind weaves
A spiderweb on the wall
Of his heart
As the girdle of time
digs sharply into my flesh
As the black veil of my existence
Driving on the nights highway
Deep into the dark night that swells
Scorched by the moonlight gone astray
The abyss yawns and beckons....
Its so easy to dropp in
To just give up the resistance
Why is tonight such a dark night
What is it trying to hide?
Sweeping a dark velvet shroud shutting all light
A deep dark night
Clutching like a parasite
Strange dark woods
Suspended by his wrath
A mind that is fraught
With delusions about his genius
She'll love you 'til her dying day,
and just to prove it
she'll take it out regularly on her Mom,
A tattered coolie who was born in a leap year that comes home after a strenuous day's work?
He loves his coquetry daughter.
Her mother has disappeared when she was an infant.
Although she is moving out
She'll never be far away
She'll always live here with me
A fool I was to sleep at noon,
And wake when night is chilly
Beneath the comfortless cold moon;
(Dedicated to Bww and his 7 yr. Old daughter)
A daughter is beauty at its finest.
Heart of an angel, soul so pure, and sweet.
Frail the white rose and frail are
Her hands that gave
Whose soul is sere and paler
Your late kind Gift let me restore;
For I must never wear it more.
My Mother cries, ``What's here to do?
Having a new friend in our
land,
To her, we extend our hand.
This is so beautiful-whether your MOM is with you or not.
Your Mother is always with you.
She's the whisper of the leaves as you walk down the street,
At 15, taking a stroll with my mother
On a cool summer night after dinner,
Ma, one question always nags my mind
Is she not lovely!  Oh! when, long ago,
My own dead mother gazed upon my face,
As I stood blushing near in bridal snow,
i hear the name
and my world revolves
a name for angels
Thou's welcome, wean; mishanter fa' me,
If thoughts o' thee, or yet thy mammie,
Shall ever daunton me or awe me,
ONCE more the storm is howling, and half hid
Under this cradle-hood and coverlid
My child sleeps on.  There is no obstacle
this dream is beginning in the street when at night
carefully I am looking at the more and more dark sky
and suddenly I see creatures some strange are flying
That evening jogging on the beach with my friends
miles and miles away from home i was alone
the sea was rolling and unrolling its carpet of blue and grey
It was Earl Haldan's daughter,
She looked across the sea;
She looked across the water;
There was such speed in her little body,
And such lightness in her footfall,
It is no wonder her brown study Astonishes us all
Too soon you wearied of our tears.
And then you danced with spangled feet,
Leading Belshazzar's chattering court
Daughter of Africa
You are walking now
And tread the path
She was seven feet tall,
with a seventeen shoe.
One eye was brown and the other blue.
Pair of warmest, shiny, amber eyes.
See through deceit and alluring lies.
Fairest damsel in rank and file.
God created daughter,
With special love and care.
She is a precious treasure,
Why is the world at peace.
This may astonish you a little but when you realise how
easily Mrs. Charles Bianco sells the work of American
and some other father at the club
says, has she flown the nest yet?
and it sounds so crude
For the love of daughter
That I cherish as a father
The daughter I prayed to God for
DAUGHTER
A POEM BY DR. RAM SHARMA
The affection of a father is, daughter,
With a convulsed help me,
she collapsed to the floor
filthy and stinking.
Do it as daddy says,
Do that even without ask,
Do it with high expectation,
Father and daughter spend some quiet time together in the living room
Shining through the curtain is the sun
And outside is the glorious afternoon
I never thought I'd live
One day to see my daughter be
A Human Resources Policy Executive.
My daughter said something the other day
We were sitting on the front steps, talking
Someone wanted to enter the building, she stood up and said 'we're just having a father daughter moment'
A woman weaves
her daughter's wedding
slippers that will carry
When I die choose a star
and name it after me
that you may know
Looking into my daughter’s eyes I read
Beneath the innocence of morning flesh
Concealed, hintings of death she does not heed.
It has been ordained
and inscription etched
in bloodlines
Gigantic daughter of the West,
We drink to thee across the flood,
We know thee most, we love thee best,
How I loved you the day you were born
How I loved you growing into a beautiful woman
How much I wanted the best for you
i looked into my daughters eyes
love and affection i could not hide.
while explaining to her what life meant to me
Shall I woo the one or other?
Both attract me--more's the pity!
Pretty is the widowed mother,
I want no more
Nothing
I want no more
If a daughter you have, she's the plague of your life,
No peace shall you know, tho' you've buried your wife,
At twenty she mocks at the duty you taught her,
Since our Country, our God -- Oh, my Sire!
Demand that thy Daughter expire;
Since thy triumph was brought by thy vow--
A tar, but poorly prized,
Long, shambling, and unsightly,
Thrashed, bullied, and despised,
Like mother, like
daughter...
We have so much
A chieftain, to the Highlands bound,
Cries, ``Boatman, do not tarry!
And I'll give thee a silver pound
A DAUGHTER IS  SPECIAL
A DAUGHTER IS DEAR
A PRECIOUS GIFT FROM ABOVE
Linda, you are leaving
your old body now,
It lies flat, an old butterfly,
Mother and daughter,
Are very close,
They are best friends,
I
Young laughters, and my music! Aye till now
The voice can reach no blending minors near;
Among the daisies
sat the child,
looking so ever
The place was buzzing, the scene was set,
People were pouring in, everything was perfect,
The decorations were delightful, the food looked appetising,
A naked girl in the bath
Suds floating, eyes shining
A BIG girl riding Mr. Horsy-bike
My daughter’s new daughter
How precious and sweet
Beautifully perfect
A treasure and blessings for us from our God
to have you as a  wonderful and sweet daughter
You bring us a special joy and charm
my sunshine,
came to me
on a day that it poured with rain,
Little thought itself disturbs the mind
Thoughts of leaving dear ones or something of that kind
Shakes whole body in disbelief and remain perturbed
This picture does the story express
Of Moses in the bulrushes.
How livelily the painter's hand
Here lies, to each her parents' ruth,
Mary, the daughter of their youth;
Yet all heaven's gifts being heaven's due,
See, in the Temple rais'd by Harley's Hand,
His beauteous Off--spring at the Altar stand:
There Mortimer resigns his darling Care;
Who will wed the Dowager’s youngest daughter,
The Captain? filled with ale?
He moored his expected boat to a stake in the water
Four-and-twenty bonny boys
Were playing at the ba,
And by it came him sweet Sir Hugh,
To the Lady Margaret Ley
Daughter to that good Earl, once President
Of England's Council, and her Treasury,
You are the daughter of the sea, oregano's first cousin.
Swimmer, your body is pure as the water;
cook, your blood is quick as the soil.
You always bring me that special joy
That comes from deep inside
That every year that passes by
Written in Illustration of a Tableau Vivant
Is she not lovely! Oh! when, long ago,
My own dead mother gazed upon my face,
My daughter is God's gift to me,
Her father in the Lord.
She's my great joy, my ecstasy,
Part the First
Itt was a blind beggar, had long lost his sight,
He had a faire daughter of bewty most bright;
In the taxi alone, home from the airport,
I could not believe you were gone. My palm kept
creeping over the smooth plastic
Nature, when she made thee, dear,
Begged the treasures of the year.
For thy cheeks, all pink and white,
I
He who has looked upon Earth
Deeper than flower and fruit,
O thou, the wonder of all days!
O paragon, and pearl of praise!
O Virgin-martyr, ever blest
Seven stars in the still water,
And seven in the sky;
Seven sins on the King's daughter,
The Farmer quit what he was at,
The bee-hive he was smokin':
He tilted back his old straw hat--
I met her on the Lachlan Side --
A darling girl I thought her,
And ere I left I swore I'd win
The dusky warriors stood in groups around the funeral pyre,
The scowl upon their knotted brows betrayed their vengeful ire.
It needed not the cords, the stake, the rites so stern and rude,
The rain rins doun through Mirry-land toune,
Sae dois it doune the Pa:
Sae dois the lads of Mirry-land toune,
WE WERE ten maidens in the green corn,
Small red leaves in the mill-water:
Fairer maidens never were born,
There was a shepherds daughter
Came tripping on the waye,
And there by chance a knighte shee mett,
I.
IN old Shuil Donald's cottage there are many voices weeping,
And stifled sobs, and murmurings of sorrow wild and vain,
Es heult der Sturm, die Nacht ist graus,
Die Lampe schimmert im Müllerhaus.
Da schleichen drei Räuber wild und stumm -
It is the miller's daughter,
And she is grown so dear, so dear,
That I would be the jewel
SHE is yet a child in years,
Twelve springs are on her face,
Yet in her slender form appears
King’s daughter sitting in tower so high,
Fair summer is on many a shield.
Why weepest thou as the clouds go by?
Could the creatures help or ease us
Seldom should we think of prayer;
Few, if any, come to Jesus,
It was the pleasant harvest time,
When cellar-bins are closely stowed,
And garrets bend beneath their load,
In Gerald's Cottage by the hill,
Old Gerald and his child,
Innocent Maud, dwelt happily;
Yes, we get blasé and dismissive on this site –
reading in the reams of Poemhunter posts
‘yet another poem of teenage angst’,
All night long the hockey pictures
gaze down at you
sleeping in your tracksuit.
When you were born it was an instant love affair
I rocked you, swaddled you, sang to you,
Read to you and walked you round and round
O little one, daughter, my dearest,
With your smiles and your beautiful curls,
And your laughter, the brightest and clearest,
My child! thou seest me content to lead
A lonely life. Do thou, in imitation,
Not happy, nor triumphant, learn the need
WHILE deep you mourn beneath the cypress-shade
The hand of Death, and your dear daughter
laid
Bles't bee thy Name, who did'st restore
To health my Daughter dear
When death did seem ev'n to approach,
She’s a joy she’s an angel’ well that’s what she thinks
She clings on to your heart like a plug to a sink
She drives you all crazy with make believe games
She turns 11 tomorrow.
and she says to me:
'Do babies come really
The moment you were born, you announced
Your arrival in our family, screaming out loud
Now that I am here, attention is my birth right.
Audacious smiles
laughter ringing clear-
warm hugs and
A little soul scarce fledged for earth
Takes wing with heaven again for goal
Even while we hailed as fresh from birth
Kneel down, fair Love, and fill thyself with tears,
Girdle thyself with sighing for a girth
Upon the sides of mirth,
After that hot gospeller has levelled all but the churched sky,
I wrote the tale by tallow of a city's death by fire;
Under a candle's eye, that smoked in tears, I
1918
This is the State above the Law.
The State exists for the State alone."
816
A Death blow is a Life blow to Some
Who till they died, did not alive become—
"O day! he cannot die
When thou so fair art shining!
O Sun, in such a glorious sky,
I DREAMED that one had died in a strange place
Near no accustomed hand,
And they had nailed the boards above her face,
Through airy roads he wings his instant flight
To purer regions of celestial light;
Enlarg'd he sees unnumber'd systems roll,
Lured by the wall, and drawn
To stare below the roof,
Where pigeons nest aloof
The dark wings of night enfolded the city upon which Nature had spread a pure white garment of snow; and men deserted the streets for their houses in search of warmth, while the north wind probed in contemplation of laying waste the gardens. There in the suburb stood an old hut heavily laden with snow and on the verge of falling. In a dark recess of that hovel was a poor bed in which a dying youth was lying, staring at the dim light of his oil lamp, made to flicker by the entering winds. He a man in the spring of life who foresaw fully that the peaceful hour of freeing himself from the clutches of life was fast nearing. He was awaiting Death's visit gratefully, and upon his pale face appeared the dawn of hope; and on his lops a sorrowful smile; and in his eyes forgiveness.
He was poet perishing from hunger in the city of living rich. He was placed in the earthly world to enliven the heart of man with his beautiful and profound sayings. He as noble soul, sent by the Goddess of Understanding to soothe and make gentle the human spirit. But alas! He gladly bade the cold earth farewell without receiving a smile from its strange occupants.
He was breathing his last and had no one at his bedside save the oil lamp, his only companion, and some parchments upon which he had inscribed his heart's feeling. As he salvaged the remnants of his withering strength he lifted his hands heavenward; he moved his eyes hopelessly, as if wanting to penetrate the ceiling in order to see the stars from behind the veil clouds.
Never until the mankind making
Bird beast and flower
Fathering and all humbling darkness
"His Grace! impossible! what, dead!
Of old age too, and in his bed!
And could that mighty warrior fall,
IF God compel thee to this destiny,
To die alone, with none beside thy bed
To ruffle round with sobs thy last word said
860
Absence disembodies—so does Death
Hiding individuals from the Earth
Now while my lips are living
Their words must stay unsaid,
And will my soul remember
749
All but Death, can be Adjusted—
Dynasties repaired—
Good people all, of every sort,
Give ear unto my song;
And if you find it wondrous short,
A poet is born
A poet dies
And all that lies between
I KNOW that I shall meet my fate
Somewhere among the clouds above;
Those that I fight I do not hate,
And death shall have no dominion.
Dead man naked they shall be one
With the man in the wind and the west moon;
WEEP, maiden, weep here o'er the tomb of Love;
He died of nothing--by mere chance was slain.
But is he really dead?--oh, that I cannot prove:
AS at thy portals also death,
Entering thy sovereign, dim, illimitable grounds,
To memories of my mother, to the divine blending, maternity,
Because I could not stop for Death-
He kindly stopped for me-
The Carriage held but just Ourselves-
645
Bereavement in their death to feel
Whom We have never seen—
When I die
I don't care what happens to my body
throw ashes in the air, scatter 'em in East River
There’s a mirror likeness between those two
shining, youthfully-fledged figures, though
one seems paler than the other and more austere,
Death be not proud, though some have called thee
Mighty and dreadfull, for, thou art not soe,
For, those, whom thou think'st, thou dost overthrow,
I see the death everyday
Death in relations
Death in religion and faith
Black milk of daybreak we drink it at sundown
we drink it at noon in the morning we drink it at night
we drink it and drink it
976
Death is a Dialogue between
The Spirit and the Dust.
I.
Death is here and death is there,
Death is busy everywhere,
Death is nothing at all.
I have only slipped away to the next room.
I am I and you are you.
548
Death is potential to that Man
Who dies—and to his friend—
Death leaves Us homesick, who behind,
Except that it is gone
Are ignorant of its Concern
Yet at the last, ere our spearmen had found him,
Yet at the last, ere a sword-thrust could save,
Yet at the last, with his masters around him,
I opened wide the bath-room door,
And all at once switched on the light,
When moving swift across the floor
Laid now on his smooth bed
For the last time, watching dully
Through heavy eyelids the day's colour
Going to sleep, I cross my hands on my chest.
They will place my hands like this.
It will look as though I am flying into myself.Our death is in the cool of night,
our life is in the pool of day.
The darkness glows, I’m drowning,
Death is a road our dearest friends have gone;
Why with such leaders, fear to say, "Lead on?"
Its gate repels, lest it too soon be tried,
Come thou, thou last one, whom I recognize,
unbearable pain throughout this body's fabric:
as I in my spirit burned, see, I now burn in thee:
It is not death, that sometime in a sigh
This eloquent breath shall take its speechless flight;
That sometime these bright stars, that now reply
NOR dread nor hope attend
A dying animal;
A man awaits his end
Death sets a thing significant
The eye had hurried by,
Except a perished creature
DEATH is stronger than all the governments because
the governments are men and men die and then
death laughs: Now you see 'em, now you don't.
Death stands above me, whispering low
I know not what into my ear:
Of his strange language all I know
Death! that struck when I was most confiding
In my certain faith of joy to be -
Strike again, Time's withered branch dividing
The glories of our blood and state
Are shadows, not substantial things;
There is no armour against Fate;
death wants more death, and its webs are full:
I remember my father's garage, how child-like
I would brush the corpses of flies
Then Almitra spoke, saying, "We would ask now of Death."
And he said:
You would know the secret of death.
Don't fear death in earthly travels.
Don't fear enemies or friends.
Just listen to the words of prayers,
.  When first, descending from the moorlands,
I saw the Stream of Yarrow glide
Along a bare and open valley,
Hey Father Death, I'm flying home
Hey poor man, you're all alone
Hey old daddy, I know where I'm going
In the cold, cold parlor
my mother laid out Arthur
beneath the chromographs:
382
For Death—or rather
For the Things 'twould buy—
Every year without knowing it I have passed the day
When the last fires will wave to me
And the silence will set out
Black milk of daybreak we drink it at nightfall
we drink it at noon in the morning we drink it at night
we drink it and drink it
I want to sleep the dream of the apples,
to withdraw from the tumult of cemetries.
I want to sleep the dream of that child
Weep not, weep not,
She is not dead;
She's resting in the bosom of Jesus.
'TWAS a death-bed summons, and forth I went
By the way of the Western Wall, so drear
On that winter night, and sought a gate--
Death, be not proud, though some have callèd thee
Mighty and dreadful, for thou art not so;
For those whom thou think'st thou dost overthrow
Longing for Death
Into the bosom of the earth,
Out of the Light's dominion,
I have a rendezvous with Death
At some disputed barricade,
When Spring comes back with rustling shade
Perhaps if Death is kind, and there can be returning,
We will come back to earth some fragrant night,
And take these lanes to find the sea, and bending
I wage not any feud with Death
For changes wrought on form and face;
No lower life that earth's embrace
Let me die a youngman's death
not a clean and inbetween
the sheets holywater death
it sits outside my window now
like and old woman going to market;
it sits and watches me,
Shall we, too, rise forgetful from our sleep,
And shall my soul that lies within your hand
Remember nothing, as the blowing sand
There are cemeteries that are lonely,
graves full of bones that do not make a sound,
the heart moving through a tunnel,
O Death, O Death, rock me asleep,
Bring me to quiet rest;
Let pass my weary guiltless ghost
'Twas on a lofty vase's side,
Where China's gayest art had dy'd
The azure flow'rs that blow;
Tell me thou safest End of all our Woe,
Why wreched Mortals do avoid thee so:
Thou gentle drier o'th' afflicteds Tears,
The pale, the cold, and the moony smile
Which the meteor beam of a starless night
Sheds on a lonely and sea-girt isle,
We lack all knowledge of this parting. Death
does not deal with us. We have no reason
to show death admiration, love or hate;
WHO taught thee conflict with the pow'rs of night,
To vanquish satan in the fields of light?
Who strung thy feeble arms with might unknown,
FROM dark abodes to fair etherial light
Th' enraptur'd innocent has wing'd her flight;
On the kind bosom of eternal love
THERE 's little joy in life for me,
And little terror in the grave ;
I 've lived the parting hour to see
THROUGH thickest glooms look back, immortal
shade,
On that confusion which thy death has made:
We shall not ever meet them bearded in heaven
Nor sunning themselves among the bald of hell;
If anywhere, in the deserted schoolyard at twilight,
No more the flow'ry scenes of pleasure rife,
Nor charming prospects greet the mental eyes,
No more with joy we view that lovely face
CONDEMN'D to Hope's delusive mine,
As on we toil from day to day,
By sudden blasts or slow decline
HAIL, happy saint, on thine immortal throne,
Possest of glory, life, and bliss unknown;
We hear no more the music of thy tongue,
(Español)
Mueran contigo, Laura, pues moriste,
los afectos que en vano te desean,
Ere yet the morn its lovely blushes spread,
See Sewell number'd with the happy dead.
Hail, holy man, arriv'd th' immortal shore,
To be absent from the body
Is to be present with the Lord
The dust returns to earth
Tired with all these, for restful death I cry,
As to behold desert a beggar born,
And needy nothing trimmed in jollity,
Part One - The Calling
Let me sleep, for my soul is intoxicated with love and
Let me rest, for my spirit has had its bounty of days and nights;
THE warder looks down at the mid hour of night,
On the tombs that lie scatter'd below:
The moon fills the place with her silvery light,
When Peter Wanderwide was young
He wandered everywhere he would:
All that he approved was sung,
He drowsed and was aware of silence heaped
Round him, unshaken as the steadfast walls;
Aqueous like floating rays of amber light,
When reeds are dead and a straw to thatch the marshes,
And feathered pampas-grass rides into the wind
Like aged warriors westward, tragic, thinned
They put a leather belt around her
13 feet of tape and bound her
Handcuffs to secure her
He's had the chest pains for weeks,
but doctors don't make house
calls to the North Pole,
From my mother's sleep I fell into the State,
And I hunched in its belly till my wet fur froze.
Six miles from earth, loosed from its dream of life,
The melancholy days are come, the saddest of the year,
Of wailing winds, and naked woods, and meadows brown and sere.
Heaped in the hollows of the grove, the autumn leaves lie dead;
Mary sat musing on the lamp-flame at the table
Waiting for Warren. When she heard his step,
She ran on tip-toe down the darkened passage
I woke in a place that was dark
The air was spicy and still
I was bandaged from head to foot
GRIM monarch! see, depriv'd of vital breath,
A young physician in the dust of death:
Dost thou go on incessant to destroy,
WHILE deep you mourn beneath the cypress-shade
The hand of Death, and your dear daughter
laid
WHISPERS of heavenly death, murmur'd I hear;
Labial gossip of night--sibilant chorals;
Footsteps gently ascending--mystical breezes, wafted soft and low;
Stab me with your rusty knives
I don't care
I've given up my quest for acceptance
Trapped in this field of sonic agression
Unable to distinquish rhythm from rhyme
Urban style freak contemplatin loose ends
A POEM OF FRUSTRATION, RAGE, BITTERNESS, RESENTMENT, DISAPPOINTMENT, ENVY, SADNESS, SICKNESS, DEPRESSION, FEAR
A poem of frustration, rage, bitterness, resentment, disappointment, envy, sadness, sickness, despair, depression, fear-
All feelings of down and darkness and shame and lust and emptiness
I am a slave
To depression
Because I have to live with it
Speak out my dear
Why hath thou in a state of depression?
Speak out my dear
Oh my God the pain
of desperation
within the walls
Many ask, if I'm high,
Many ask, if I'm low,
Many ask, why are you so happy?
D EATH
E MPTINESS
P AIN
Depression is being lonely in a room full of people
Depression is being constantly tired but never able to sleep
Depression is longing to be with others yet not being able to cope with company
I remember as a child I had a deep seeded fear of heights
I would envision my demise long prior to even a possible fall
Once as a teenage boy I knocked a front tooth from my mouth
Staring at the walls...at the pictures that hang there
each photo...of it all
each step of our relationship..that started, with lust, wanting and care
Depression is a fight
Depression is a flight
Depression is a thief
Depression results
When ideas are supressed
and feelings ignoredA wind blows across your face, leaving a itch on your nose.
You reach up to scratch it, but your arm doesn't move.
You look down only to see your skin is made of glass.
Depression isnt just something you get over eventually
depression stays with you till the end
depression is my best friend
There was a time not too long afar,
Where life was the norm;  mortgage, partner, dog and car.
The journey of life has no set plan,
Depression destroyed my life.
It told me I was no good.
It told me I was all bad.
Depression hurts when you grow old
And life  has passed you by
No more dreams to think about
Depression is a world
Depression leaves you lost
Depression drops you into a never ending black hole
I read this quote
“Depression is anger without enthusiasm.”
I don’t believe that for a second,
Depression is raging.
In the mist of its anger.
It eats my happiness.
Depression is Loving someone with nothing in return,
Depression is Slowly living instead of jumping head first,
Depression is Acknowledging the mistake but without learn,
Depression isn't obvious but suicide is.
My pain nobody sees.
My my mangled body they shall see.
Depression hits you
Like a ten-ton truck.
One minute you are down
Depression makes me feel pain
Depression makes me stupid
Depression makes me feel low
Spinning faster and faster, spiraling down, down,
Depression creates a suffocating heaviness
which consumes and smothers your entire being.
My life seemed picture perfect with a loving wife and son, with a bun in the oven my life had just begun.
But my head couldn’t leave the pillow, getting out seemed too hard to swallow, I knew something major in my life really needed to be done.
When the warm embrace of death surrounds your tired soul.
Depression is being lonely in a room full of people
Depression is being constantly tired but never able to sleep
Depression is longing to be with others yet not being able to cope with company
Oh horid ways of emotions.
All actions tryed are of no use.
All actions acted are usless.
Oh horid ways of emotions.
All actions tryed are of no use.
All actions acted are usless.
The unnamed feelings
Eating me alive, and depression
Is lying inside....
A black hole, closes in
Blocking the light, cold within.
A swallowing mass, empty and black
A period of crying can betray the soul
Showing the pain that makes us whole.
Without pain what would happiness be?
Depression is my life without you,
Depression is the darkness taking over the light,
Depression is the thoughts of suiside
Depression
Hurt very much
I feel it when someone break my heart
Depression
Depression depression,
Gets to us all,
Depression is running through my head,
These thoughts make me think of death,
A darkness which blanks my mind,
I got these pills for christmas
but not from santa claus
i got them from the pharmacy
Don't want to live
Don't want to die
Sometimes I just need to cry
depression is when you are sucked into a cold lonely world
where you don't have anyone to love
no one by you're side
There is a rat
I call Depression
Inside me,
Life is all lies
Borrowed for cries
Tears are all shy
I no longer know me
I don't want to be
I look in the mirror
everyone sufers from it
which makes us feel like sh.t
there r different kinds
Depression.  Not darkness of living,
but absolute absence of motivation
weighed down by stark self examination -
Some one is hiding her depression
She smiles and shows good impressions
Never does she show her depression
Depression is like a wave pulling you further in
You don't feel up to facing anyone or anything
Depression is a huge emphasis on feeling sad and low
Depression sets in
When you wanna die
You're not willing to try
Depression is like a tidal wave pulling you further in
You don't feel upto facing anyone or anything
Depression is a huge emphasis on feeling sad and low
I'm scared that I have fallen,
into that rift yet once again.
The black hole that I had feared,
Depression makes you mad
Depression makes you sad
Depressions leaves you in pain
No outward sign for you to see,
I try acting as normal as one can be,
Desperation is my call,
dissolve the life from within me
you crawl inside of my mind
you want everything
Oh!  Depression!
I love you
And you love me
Depression has taken over me..
Gobbled up my soul..
Will I ever be happy again? ..
I scream but there's no sound,
I cry but there's no tears,
Is this life,
Depression in so many
It's always so sad to see
The numbers are uncanny
depression is not what you want in your life
depression is not the answer to your problems
depression effects your mind and your thoughts
Be not depressed. Depression, is the thief of happiness.
Like all thieves', he must be combated and defeated.
Like all thieves', depression must be fought with great
Depression takes hold
losing all control
fake a smile
i can't stop wondering why
i sit still and cry
hoping everyday
Alright, I'm depressed!
You'd be too given my circumstances.
I'm told its (normal?)  to feel like this,
Depression is when you hate everyone around
Depression is when you don't want to make a sound
Depression is when all you want to do is cry
sitting at home in deep thought
medical help i had sought.
a case of depression is what they said
The world is falling
I can't seem to keep in reality
my life is growing dim
it tortures and consumes me
I can not see a way out
I scream and shout
Depression is the sorrow in your heart…
Depression is the feeling of being alone…
Depression is knowing your best isn’t enough…
Do you no who I am?
I am no saint I am no lamb.
I make you live in terror.
My knees are so weak
Yet running
Running
D is for Down days
E is for Escaping when you want to cry
P is for Pressure whereever you go
When you try to make it better
With the truths you hold so close
And the lies made up apart of you
My heart askew and my brain out of place
I narrowly escape insanity on a daily basis
fuzzy clouds of sorrow and regret
'Just get over it, ' they say
I wish I could find a way
Living with it day by day
I am loosed, I am free
I have no responsibility
No longer to be found
Liquid Depression
A state of agitated depression
Now facing the liquid depression
You have an empty feeling that comes from within
You long to share your feelings but no one will listen
You reach out for open arms, but nobody is there
Tears on my pillow,
cuts on my wrist,
use a razor,
when the brain feels out of whack
a blown fuse
a hacker's hack
I'm worried about you
You want to be like me
Why? Don't you want to live?
Our lives avoided tragedy
Simply by going on and on,
Without end and with little apparent meaning.
I fear my little child.
I fear that she will not feed and grow strong and healthy,
I fear that she will stop breathing when I am out of the room or selfishly asleep,
I have an alco friend who tried strangling himself
He also attempted to poison himself
After consuming a bottle of Beam
Shackled to depression
Intertwined, amongst my veins
Self worth, self love
Take me home
Take me home
Take me home Lord God
There’s a black dog scratching at my door - demanding he come in
Although I try to ignore him - the black dog always wins.
Once inside he haunts my soul and dictates my thoughts and deeds
The dark cloud.
It sits around your head
or inside it, more like.
If you say you're upset because you're tired....
At least you're not depressed.
If you say you're upset because you're depressed...
The depression of the 1930's was the time of my childhood days,
There were a lot of worries and hardships in many ways.
Whatever time people could spare, they would help each other out,
Depression takes over my body.
making me dizzy, sick, and sad.
as i walk the halls with a blank face
here i sit, and here i cry
my life has gone down the black hole of deep depression
my life has gone down to hell
This feeling of derpression
i tell you it's just this
a feeling is that which never was
Depression is a fact of life for me.
As much a part of life as food and air,
It hovers like a dreaded entity.
Depression is a fight
Or a flight
Depression is a theif
.......It's a depression so deep it finds a way into the Soul,
traveling through every pore of your Heart.
A depression so enlarged, it encompasses every bit
Twilight declares its arrival
The waves crash against the rocks
The traffic moves slowly
Yolinda often was depressed
she then stayed home, inside her nest.
To help her illness she used gin
Depression is …
Feeling alone
Depression is …
There was thunder in the hut
teeth clattered under the ground.
Handcuffed you walk in inequality
I just feel so down
I only frown
I have no smile left
Periwinkle blues, vibrant violets blend together creating an atmosphere
only beholding to the most beautiful creatures ever seen on the earths
ball-room of forever living.  A defiance of immortality, living with the masters
Being alone as always,
This pain is consuming me,
No one to care for me,
AS evening shaped I found me on a moor
Which sight could scarce sustain:
The black lean land, of featureless contour,
I shall call on you not out of despair
I will be there when it has gone beyond repair
It won’t look in niceites and fair
The memory of you emerges from the night around me.
The river mingles its stubborn lament with the sea.
Deserted like the wharves at dawn.
The night rain sing the song
To benumb my soul all along.
Grief breaks heart's fence
we say we will
spend some time
for the season
I love the hours of misty morn
When clouds descend and kiss with dew
Lilac, verbena, rose bud and thorn.
I am a man of Poland, man in a land invaded.
I am but content, that my house has not been raided.
I walk up, to my silent home, why does my wife ignore me.
Despair, if you must –
But how's it going to pull you through?
Despair, when you trust
Sharon tells me she's thrilled
when she sees her skins peeled
From the scrapes of Tommy's fist
An empty feeling
like confusion would compare
cries, my world called fearSo sick of it all….
The trust of it all vanished in the wind…
The truth may it be was all a pack of lies…
How can we affirm our own existence?
Cogito ergo sum, Descartes said,
I think therefore I am.
As the waves vanish
At the shores
The new ones rise
Desire and despair
Are two sides
Of the same coin
Losers in a row about to die
corks that pop from the other side.
People have come from all over
When despair comes knocking
There’s no one home
Gone out shopping
DESPAIR IN OLD AGE
Despair in old age
Dead friends
after three days, despair has become an unwanted company,
i begin to joke,
i do not choke, i smoke.
DESPAIR IS DARKNESS
Despair is darkness-
Despair is death inside and death in the world and death in one’s own sad soul-
I see u everyday in my dream,
'lost' in the shallowy depths of imagination.
i try my best not too scream,
DESPAIR OF THE EARLY MORNING
Despair of the early morning
Despair of the darkness
The shadows of sunshine cross my desk,
work like a prison surrounds me.
Whom do I turn to? To unlock the discord,
Alone! Alone! No beacon, far or near!
No chart, no compass, and no anchor stay!
Like melting fog the mirage melts away
.    Despair
When I walked daily in despair,
How fickled spirits fly
Despair, pain, sadness, heartache
I’m dying inside
Can anyone hear me?
Who is he?
A railroad track toward hell?
Breaking like a stick of furniture?
No longer believe in hopes
I breathe the air of numbness
When my cold heart melts
I look around me, and I'm in despair.
I glance at each and every corner
I feel so alone.
SMILE on me, mouth of red--so much too red,
Shine on me, eyes which darkened lashes shade,
Turn, turn my way, oh glorious golden head,
Distraught
That's what I am
Why does the world
hope dies hard, it is said
always I agreed
knowing this truth for myself
O'er the midnight moorlands crying,
Thro' the cypress forests sighing,
In the night-wind madly flying,
We catch a glimpse of it, gaunt and gray,
When the golden sunbeams are all abroad;
We sober a moment, then softly say:
Move away - from me, the form
Is parabolic in isolation, I’ll vet
The consequence and despair, despair
From where I stand I have no faith,
I look around and see only hate.
Stuck in pain I cannot wake,
Alone in the dark, the blood of blackberries
dripping down his shins, the morning star
looking back in the mirror through which he gazes,
The darkness of the night bewildering
Falls on a world of chaos, and alone
I lie, and listen for the single string
I search the world for answers
to the questions in my mind.
Although, it seems those answers
Thy wings swoop darkening round my soul, Despair!
And on my brain thy shadow seems to brood
And hem me round with stifling solitude,
Despise poetry, and you'll be named to office.
But to love poetry is like clinging to a mountain:
frozen, holding tight, facing death,
LET me close the eyes of my soul
That I may not see
What stands between thee and me.
And canst thou mock mine agony, thus calm
In cloudless radiance, Queen of silver night?
Can you, ye flow'rets, spread your perfumed balm
Go ahead and laugh in my despair.
When im sitting in the corner with a sad glare.
Nothing matters to my opinions.
A baby snow Leopard
searching for its mother
at the snow covered forest
I have experienc'd
The worst, the World can wreak on me--the worst
That can make Life indifferent, yet disturb
I'm tired now,
I've had enough,
Of this weird Life,
Despair outloud
Despair and fear
Its all despair when noone hears
Today there will be no killing or blood spilling well none coming from you
I'll kill your friends, parents, and siblings to
I will frame you so your locked up for life
Despair's cruel fingertips crawl over the heart of my church.
I witness it's demise as my world crumbles.
When all hope is locked up in enemy dungeons, I pray.
Such hope, as is the sick despair of good,
Such fear, as is the certainty of ill,
Such doubt, as is pale Expectation’s food
From the depth of despair
You can only whimper and cry
All the pain you feel drowns your very soul
Frozen tears fall to the ground,
covering up this weeping sound.
Of lamenting throughout the land.
Dying here....inch by inch.....
A sense of guilt has struck me somewhere
Whereas I have done no wrong to feel so.....
Haiku-Despair
- - - - - - - - - -
Despair despair despair
Hope and despair
Overlooking each other's cries
Cruise along the path of goalWhile happiness is the twin sibling of
despair, it is despair that is
the stronger of the two.
Oh, heavy, heavy my despair,
Because, because of One so fair.
My misery knows no allay,
Said God, 'You sisters, ere ye go
Down among men, my work to do,
I will on each a badge bestow:
Lose not faith in your hour of despair.
Since the beginning of man, the
darkness has always been followed
Lose not faith in your hour of despair.
Since the beginning of man, the
darkness has always been followed
In grayish doubt and black despair,
I drafted hymns to the earth and the air,
pretending to joy, although I lacked it.
He has lost him completely.     And now he is seeking
on the lips of     every new lover
the lips of his beloved;     in the embrace
What is the world coming to?
Though carrying weapons is taboo
Children are happy totting the gun,
When things have reached the point of no return;
When life's nadir is reached and you can't climb;
When future looks uncertain gloomy, dark;
i always see to it
that i understand what a family is
when we went to a trip
There was an old man whose despair
Induced him to purchase a hare:
Whereon one fine day,
i still remember being in depth of despair
when i had lost da loved once and those who care
when di mind shutter givin nothin but suffer
No ones knows just how I feel,
Or what pain I hold inside.
Know one knows just how bad,
My Despair comes and goes
It is not the ultimate despair,
The despair of those who have forever lost hope
477
No Man can compass a Despair—
As round a Goalless Road
FROM THE NOVEL OF EMMELINE.
THOU spectre of terrific mien!
Lord of the hopeless heart and hollow eye,
TERRIFIC FIEND! thou Monster fell,
Condemn'd in haunts profane to dwell,
Why quit thy solitary Home,
ON THE OTHER SIDE OF DESPAIR
On the other side of despair
When the worst has gone
There is certainly
No reason to sadly wander
On these broken lonely streets
Sometimes on a high tide
certain rules might not abide
returned from land again to ocean
Shall I wasting in despair
Die because a woman's fair?
Or make pale my cheeks with care
Everyday I wrap
Old skeleton of despair
With thin skin of hopefor Sonja Broderick
'...the nameless pain from which one feels there can be no way out,
and one knows despair is absolute.'
Ask not the pallid stranger's woe,
With beating heart and throbbing breast,
Whose step is faltering, weak, and slow,
The memory of you emerges from the night around me.
The river mingles its stubborn lament with the sea.
Deserted like the wharves at dawn.
Like the colors of your cheek in prism
The dew of my love on the colors
Before the Time rings the bell
Two loves I have, of comfort and despair,
Which like two spirits do suggest me still:
The better angel is a man right fair,
When things beyond my control do occur,
And fortune favors just the evil minds:
When my own people with me don’t concur,
The pain crashes to the depth of my soul
Just another feeling of sorrow
Another flinch from pain
I read them
read them all
the unbelievable human heart
No willow tree to toss his hair
no paloma bianca in white to clad
this is the bench seated in despair
Beneath this gloomy shade,
By Nature only for my sorrows made,
I'll spend this voyce in crys,
305
The difference between Despair
And Fear—is like the One
Sweet bard, whose tones great Milton might approve,
And Shakspeare, from high Fancy's sphere,
Turning to the sound his ear,
the silence breaks the noise;
dark and fearful
as shadows consume the light
Somehow you are missing from my memory.
The night falls slowly, coming with tranquillity.
Deserted is our once happy home as you are gone,
You swallowed everything, like distance.
Like the sea, like time.
In you everything sank!
Lost and trapped in the valley of nothing but despair
Hands held high for help and grasping nothing but air
Alone and much abandoned no one knows you're there
Triangles of half-open doors
Reveal all the truth that is hidden:
Just condoms and cans on the floor,
Thou'rt my hope, Thou'rt my despair,
Thou my hope,
Thou my despair,
'Tis not too late to build our young land right,
Cleaner than Holland, courtlier than Japan,
Devout like early Rome, with hearths like hers,
It really bothers me when someone doesn't conclude their thought,
their eyes following something I can't quite make out yet.
From my vantage point, it's still up there somewhere, over the trees-
On a sunny brae, alone I lay
One summer afternoon;
It was the marriage-time of May
A dream, A dream,
another dream.
A dream of you,
Even in my wildest of dreams
I never dreamt a dream in dream
as much I lived a life as life.
A dream is a dream.
Some dreams can come true,
and some cannot.
A dream lies dead here. May you softly go
Before this place, and turn away your eyes,
Nor seek to know the look of that which dies
C.K. loquitur.
I dreamed I was in fair Niphon.
Amid tea-fields I journeyed on,
I DREAMED that one had died in a strange place
Near no accustomed hand,
And they had nailed the boards above her face,
fox
who
can blame her for hunkering
Twenty-eight naked young women bathed by the shore
Or near the bank of a woodland lake
Twenty-eight girls and all of them comely
I had withdrawn in forest, and my song
Was swallowed up in leaves that blew alway;
And to the forest edge you came one day
In visions of the dark night
I have dreamed of joy departed-
But a waking dream of life and light
I dreamed that I ws dead and crossed the heavens,--
Heavens after heavens with burning feet and swift,--
And cried: "O God, where art Thou?" I left one
Only a dream, a beautiful baseless dream;
Only a bright
Flash from your eyes, a brief electrical gleam,
I heard the dogs howl in the moonlight night;
I went to the window to see the sight;
All the Dead that ever I knew
Once a dream did weave a shade
O'er my angel-guarded bed,
That an emmet lost its way
Just yesterday morning, it was no item
between heart and dripping eyes,
to understand slowly confusion, entire world
Take this upon thy brow!
And, parting from you now,
Thus much let me avow-
A dream within a dream,
So lonely in the winter still;
Wishes going into the air stream,
Take this kiss upon the brow!
And, in parting from you now,
Thus much let me avow-
As the Night begins to slumber,
And most dreams start to awake,
I do softly sigh and wonder,
In Poe's dark forbidding night
When there can be no sight
Of the dangers lurking near
Yet if hope has flown away
In a night, or in a day,
In a vision, or in none,
as i close my eyes
a blackhole looms
this inner  world
To and fro, to and fro
In my little boat I go
Sailing far across the sea
Somno mollior unda
I
Dawn is dim on the dark soft water,
Many decades after graduation
the students sneak back onto
the school-grounds at night
1
white curtains of infinite fatigue
dominating the starborn heritage of the colonies of St Francis
How neatly a cat sleeps,
sleeps with its paws and its posture,
sleeps with its wicked claws,
Cyprian, in my dream
the folds of a purple
kerchief shadowed
One day people will touch and talk perhaps
easily,
And loving be natural as breathing and warm as
I'm dreaming a different dream
I can see it in the distance
I've reached for it
When I dream the dream of paradise
I see a picture of you
And when I dream the dream of love and care
At night when you think through your day
Think on the things that you did say
When you think through the things that you should be
We met for supper in your flat-bottomed boat.
I got there first:   in a white dress:   I remember
Wondering if you'd come.   Then you shot over the bank,
Dream by dream, I felt his presence,
A spirit formed of love and light,
A welcomed guest in my loneliness,
What happens to a dream deferred?
Does it dry up
Like a raisin in the sun?
Where sunshine flecks the green,
Through towering woods my way
Goes winding all the day.
You will come one day in a waver of love,
Tender as dew, impetuous as rain,
The tan of the sun will be on your skin,
COME WITH.............LONG TUNE
SOME OF WAEL`S STREET
OF ALEPO CITY
My love in dream
I see you thee, hand in hand
strolling beside the silver sea
At the top of a tree
There was the last fruit,
And it was rosy, luscious and tempting.
With head up in the clouds, I carry on.
My dreams, alone, escape and climb aloft
Upon the wings of feathered siblings,
Where sunless rivers weep
Their waves into the deep,
She sleeps a charmed sleep:
Where sunless rivers weep
Their waves into the deep
She sleeps a charmed sleep:
Young Love lies sleeping
In May-time of the year,
Among the lilies,
stands she alone on the horizon
white her cloths blowing with mad rapture
long her airy hair playing to be off of the root
If there were dreams to sell,
What would you buy?
Some cost a passing bell;
IF there were dreams to sell,
What would you buy?
Some cost a passing bell;
To fling my arms wide
In some place of the sun,
To whirl and to dance
I opened the door in answer to a knock
And seeing who stood there
Gave me quite a shock
I awakened from a dream within a dream
Only to find that I hadn't gone to Rock n Roll Heaven
And that Rock n Roll Heaven had come down to earthA moon-lit day
End of Fall
The Sun an unseen presence
Image of her whom I love, more than she,
Whose fair impression in my faithful heart
Makes me her medal, and makes her love me,
Golden dream of summer morn,
By a well-remembered stream
In the land where I was born,
Rat in the attic,
Toad in the abandoned well
Dreaming rule town? joke!I dreamed as in my bed I lay,
All night's fathomless wisdom come,
That I had shorn my locks away
The seafarers tell of the Eastern Isle of Bliss,
It is lost in a wilderness of misty sea waves.
But the Sky-land of the south, the Yueh-landers say,
I swayed upon the gaudy stem
The butt-end of a steering-oar,
And saw wherever I could turn
Doing each good
In life go on I should,
May come death at mid
I DREAM'D in a dream, I saw a city invincible to the attacks of the
whole of the rest of the earth;
I dream'd that was the new City of Friends;
I know a dream called America -
That led to freedom - our precious -
freedom. That was won - That was won -
I was again beside thee in a dream:
Earth was so beautiful, the moon was shining;
The muffled voice of many a cataract stream
It's funny how we always seem,
To be so happy in a dream,
Yet when it's time for us to wake,
Oh! the days are gone, when Beauty bright
My heart's chain wove;
When my dream of life, from morn till night,
This is my dream,
It is my own dream,
I dreamt it.
I've quenched my lamp, I struck it in that start
Which every limb convulsed, I heard it fall­
The crash blent with my sleep, I saw depart
I dreamed kind Jesus fouled the big-gun gears;
And caused a permanent stoppage in all bolts;
And buckled with a smile Mausers and Colts;
Last night
as I silently
slept
Already, you are mine. Rest with your dream inside my dream.
Love, grief, labour, must sleep now.
Night revolves on invisible wheels
Oh fluttering pretty butterfly
At your make I gasp with daze
Let me join your dazzling dance
I saw a ship of material build
(Her standards set, her brave apparel on)
Directed as by madness mere
Methought I saw him but I knew him not;
He was so changed from what he used to be,
There was no redness on his woe-worn cheek,
The deepest dream is of mad governors,
Down, down we feel it, till the very crust
Of the world cracks, and where there was no dust,
From the Spanish of Pedro Calderon de la Barca
A dream it was in which I found myself.
And you that hail me now, then hailed me king,
A dream of mine flew over the mead
To the halls where my old Love reigns;
And it drew me on to follow its lead:
I've lost the joy that used to meet your smile,
And found without its light my life now feels
That I have squandered love; It takes a while
Bring me all of your dreams,
You dreamer,
Bring me all your
Nine grenadiers, with bayonets in their guns;
Nine bakers' baskets, with hot cross buns;
Nine brown elephants standing in a row;
Seven sweet singing birds up in a tree;
Seven swift sailing ships white upon the sea;
Seven bright weather-cocks shining in the sun;
'Twas in the prime of summer-time
An evening calm and cool,
And four-and-twenty happy boys
The dream of those days when first I sung thee is o'er
Thy triumph hath stain'd the charm thy sorrows then wore;
And even the light which Hope once shed o'er thy chains,
Not long ago, in a charming dream,
I saw myself -  a king with crown's treasure;
I was in love with you, it seemed,
Believe me, this was true last night,
Tho' it is false to-day.
-  A.M.F. Robinson.
All trembling in my arms Aminta lay,
Defending of the bliss I strove to take;
Raising my rapture by her kind delay,
Dear love, for nothing less than thee
Would I have broke this happy dream;
It was a theme
I have a dream
to fill the golden sheath
of a remembered day....
O God, in the dream the terrible horse began
To paw at the air, and make for me with his blows,
Fear kept for thirty-five years poured through his mane,
Said Will: "I'll stay and till the land."
Said Jack: "I'll sail the sea."
So one went forth kit-bag in hand,
I
Moonlight and dew-drenched blossom, and the scent
Of summer gardens; these can bring you all
Last night, mother, he told me so,
As we walked by the pebbly stream;
And I wake so happy--so wild with joy,
The nearest dream recedes, unrealized.
The heaven we chase
Like the June bee
In an opal dream cave I found a fairy:
Her wings were frailer than flower petals,
Frailer far than snowflakes.
Beside the ungathered rice he lay,
His sickle in his hand;
His breast was bare, his matted hair
I am packing to go to the airport
but somehow I am never packed.
I keep remembering more things
Real as a dream
What shall I do with this great opportunity to fly?
What is the interpretation of this planet, this moon?
Unstable dream, according to the place,
Be steadfast once, or else at least be true.
By tasted sweetness make me not to rue
MY DREAM WAS BORN TO ME BY DAY
SOME DREAMS ARE BORN BY NIGHT!
SHE CAME IN THE MONTH OF MAY,
You dream a little dream of me,
When you close your eyes.
A promise kept to remember,
You dream and I dream
In my dream I am with a woman.
In your dream you are with a man.
I dreamt last night; and in that dream
My boyhood's heart was mine again;
These latter years did nothing seem
Injustice........................................ ....Envy and ego..........................I
........................................ ........This is the story I was told – I’ve omitted
the details which might identify
and narrow down the nation,
The desperate man
Just got rid of
His only daughter
Accepting evil because God
moves in a most mysterious way
appears to me extremely odd.
Why should I join with those in Play,
In whom I've no delight,
Who curse and swear, but never pray,
evil has came down to earth
haunting people that nows
right from wrong
Am i evil for believing what i do?
Am i evil for not agreeing with you?
Can't i be right and you wrong,
Am I evil,
For having these thoughts in my head.?
Am I evil,
I know a lady called misery.
That is me and my life.
I encountered an angel called evil.
The world is made of many places
with different people, many races
With love and hope, joy and laughter
So innocence is just a lie
Born, broken, we die
And why
audible by design, cheating fate playing as life's protector
you had me fooled, with blinking and what not
caring on as, you pushed out your white powered of illness
how do you keep a soul pure
untainted
untouched
1.
We kept war in the kitchen.
A set of ten bone china plates, now eight.
Rises in the east,
sets in the west
cheers by friends,
with just a glance
a small glance into your eyes
I saw your evil
I should have stayed with my first instincts
for when I saw you
in the back of my head an alarm went off
you trapped me
you cornered me
then you attacked me
as you trapped me
as you attacked me
I saw it all
in that moment
I realized
what I had to do
The suppression of evil that lies within
all of us, is a character option, that one
can exercise or not.
There's a beautiful Angel
sent from up above
but she's and evil Angel
There’s a beautiful angel
Sent from above
But she’s an evil angel
A man from Memphis went to town
There he met a pretty woman clown
He said 'How do you do? '
Evil days.
Jealous eyes.
The world's alive with hateful spies
Evil doers will tear love down,
spin love round and round,
like a whirlwind.
Crackle, pop, the wood that fuels the fire snaps
It falls to the bottom of the pit
Where I can again hear the coals sizzle
There is Something
Very Evil about him
And he calls himself
Evil, I am calling!
Evil, do you hear?
Evil, I’m imploring!
Joshua Royce Mauldin, Abbadon,
Angra Mainyu, Satan,
Asmodai, Beelzebub,
I see all who die.
I saw all who lived.
I am eternal,
'Tis not the violent hands alone that bring
The curse, the ravage, and the downward doom,
Although to these full oft the yawning tomb
Do you see the evil in me?
It shines through me illuminating, and spraying.
People pass me and automatically start praying.
We meet in an evil land
That is near to the gates of hell.
I wait for thy command
On thing I admire, nay two things
always strike me as admirable:
The way evil characters always
How can you expect me to sit here,
and not say a word?
I want to punch your lights out,
While the red-stained mouths of machine guns ring
Across the infinite expanse of day;
While red or green, before their posturing King,
there is evil in the powder room
there is evil lurking in the halls
there's evil everywhere you look
I am evil because I love too much,
wanting those I love to keep in touch;
I am evil that I dare to care,
Evil, is to hunt 'you.'
smell you.
Nameless is 'EVIL.'
Once you were civil
Until desire brought upon evil
For the sake and love of wealth
NOT Beelzebub, but white archangel, I
Turn the dim glass and shift the sands again,
And touch the eyelids of the sons of men
I am evil because I love too much,
wanting those I love to keep in touch;
I am evil that I dare to care,
I am evil because I love too much,
wanting those I love to keep in touch;
I am evil that I dare to care,
I opened the diary of her mind,
as this dark woman, came into my life
and I turned her pages only to find,
Cant believe she did that
The bitch turned into a rat
Had her under my roof, protected her for 3 years
Evil Tomatoes Rule The WORLD!
Oh no! Oh no!
They are coming!
The animal growls menacingly
Continually  lunging
Behind the invisible barrier
Be positive that is welcome
But never push away negative thought to come
Let it enter and settle down
Sun scorched barren ground
Like spreading lines on shattered glass
Cracks split wide the arid terrain
A woman, made you cry,
A woman, took your breath away,
from deep within she drew your sighs,
Evil on a night like this
Evil tasting like a twisted wish
Evil paralized upon the ground
Feeling Evil
Evil on a night like this
Evil tasting like a twisted wish
There will be a time.
When good is defeated.
When lights vanish from time
Devastation wrought
In agonizing ill
Of God's omnipotence
Good thoughts, 'tis said, are no more than good dreams
Save they be into action put, and that
On opportunity depends. Alas!
The good wins,
On the day when there is an end of all sins.
The evil is fragile,
And one of the elders of the city said, "Speak to us of Good and Evil."
And he answered:
Of the good in you I can speak, but not of the evil.
But hold on a minute –
who set this league up?
Is it a fair game? Are the teams
Im here bounded for life
Come to me
Break these chains that hold me back
Glory to thee O Lord on high
O maker of all that is holy and true
Over creation your rule will apply
when i close my eyes at night,
the war i just begun to fight,
visions of lights disappear,
Hello my name is Hate and I was born in the beginning
I'm in a competition with Love but I seem to be winning
It's an autobiography so I guess I'll tell about some of my succession
HALF close your eyelids, loosen your hair,
And dream about the great and their pride;
They have spoken against you everywhere,
You left behind a bad taste in my life
Not unlike a cold cup of sour vomit.
You left behind a bad odour in my memory
The modern world seems crazy to the core;
We strike a balance in most things we do;
Money appears to solve problems many;
I am an angel.
I am of no good.
Im an angel but more like a parasite.
your hands of evil,
your touches of sin,
only i,
If you look for evil good you cannot see
For your eyes only tell you what they want you in others to see
Of good and bad races you keep telling me
In evil long I took delight,
Unawed by shame or fear,
Till a new object struck my sight,
It’s a beautiful land
It’s a home for many
Many lived with peace
justice validity was purchased
impartiality thrown out windows
righteousness politician beaten
Like an evil spirit hast thou
Shocked my heart from out its rest,
If thou'lt take it quite away now--
snow is melting
in the bill
of the eagle
death of the lotus
in the pose of
cobra
Love is so evil
There is a certain pain
When you feel it
I skipped and ran across the field
To find love so that this world can be healed
This world was hurt with evil’s knife
Don't listen to a word they say,
Money can't really be that way,
To say money is evil surely can't be true,
a child abused
a gift from god refused,
insanity at its peak,
An evil spirit, your beauty haunts me still,
Wherewith, alas, I have been long possest,
Which ceaseth not to tempt me to each ill,
Sinister craving pierce within
Wicked humans laugh no more
Tantalized too long from temptations
In these caves I've dwelled for long
The lust for blood keeps me strong
Fly at dusk, land at dawn
Is life a conflict between good and evil?
No. it is a conflict between good and
good.
It comes oozing
out of flowers at night,
it comes out of the rain
When the love was great,
The pain is even greater than your mate
When the love was inseparable,
THE BANNER IT FLYS WITH SUCH PRIDE
HOW THEY WOULD BE PLEASED IF IT DIED
THEY LIVE TO THE SOUTH AND LOOK TO THE NORTH WITH HATE
We are born with luck
which is to say with gold in our mouth.
As new and smooth as a grape,
The Evil that men do… Part 1
It’s coming to a town near you,
For we, the men, are out to get you,
there's this girl
with evil red eyes
and dark brown hair
I
This is the sorrowful story
Told when the twilight fails
This is the sorrowful story
Told when the twilight fails
And the monkeys walk together
On my wall hangs a Japanese carving,
The mask of an evil demon, decorated with gold lacquer.
Sympathetically I observe
Nay, be you pardoner or cheat,
Or cogger keen, or mumper shy,
You'll burn your fingers at the feat,
Even this great mist that drowned the forest,
Relented to Him: grey billows gave, and
flanked servilely as He moved forwards -
When we speak of good and evil we know not what we say
As we all have those traits in us or to me 'twould seem that way
Our so called honourable leaders who condemn crimes of hate
A sense of evil lurking around
I lay broken on the ground
Forgotten in this place
Adam and Eve were overcame
By Satan in the Garden of Eden
Since then man has been possessed
Seen from the back as
they walk along the dusty summer road, with
the sheep straying onto the verges where
There was me,
my brothers; a total of three,
A step-dad who was my mothers husband to be,
Father today I come to you with a heavy heart, a heart that is saddened and crying out for your help.  Father this week a family is in great pain, for they have lost a loved one in such a brutal way.  A hard working woman of 40 years old, walking home from work, minding her own business, but she didn’t make it Lord.  No my Father, she didn’t make it, she was followed, beaten, raped and murdered.   A mother of 5 sons, working hard to save money to send  to the Philipines for her sons and husband to come to Canada to  live a better life.   Oh Father, now she ‘s not here any longer, taken by a ruthless, heartless killer.
I’m told Father that I should pray for this killer, forgive  me my King, this I can not do.  Maybe another time perhaps, another day when I can think clearly.  Today I focus my prayers on the deceased woman and her precious family.
The pain will be heavy and hard to deal with  but with your help Father anything is possible.  Please Lord put the blood of Jesus over them and give them the strength they need to move forward.  Father over these next few days and weeks, their eyes will fill with tears, their minds filled with questions asking why did this happen.  Only you can pull them through Lord, only you have the answers, only you can soothe them and give them your heavenly love.
Sitting in front of the fire, Auntie Flo's reciting a story,
it's one about her first Christmas as a newly wed,
the same one she broadcasts every year,
At Christmas families,
gather around a family Christmas tree
to open gifts of love
Once more we talk about it.
How sad it's all become.
No matter how we look at it
There is an extremely fat man
who lives in a gargantuan size house
with his attractive but butterball wife
Her father was a smart dyslexic
but she was thin and anorexic.
The mother had a bad addiction
They keep it so well hidden
This trait they won’t admit
In this family it’s forbidden
A perfect family is what we all wish for.
We see people that have families that are much different than ours.
As we experience their unique culture, we wish we had a family like them.
Of all the silver and the gold,
of all the gems our eyes behold,
we look around and see the sky
My banks are all furnished with rags,
So thick, even Freddy can't thin 'em;
I've torn up my old money-bags,
It is not the colour of our skin
that makes the person,
but what lies deep within.
The mother gone
The father mad
The brothers crying
Four Yorkshire Terriers
Tiny, Holly, Charlie, Joy
You gave us many years of happiness
A lady whose bosoms were big
allowed them to go to her head.
Lusted after by Fred, his mates, grandfather & Dad
Family comes together
For always and forever
In sickness and in health
One would be in less danger
From the wiles of a stranger
If one's own kin and kith
Friends may come and friends may go
Family is first and this I know
Putting friends first is a mistake
One of the most heart felt feelings is
Putting your family first
It doesn't require a scholar or math whiz
We all have a cherished garden we tend -
It is planted with love of family and friends.
The memories and dreams we treasure and share
love my family with my hold heart.
My love is Joy to love my family
Family is sad and happy and love.
When my aunt died 3 years ago.It was like I was in woods and couldn't find my way out of woods.But it wasn't like
I was lost in woods and couldn't find my way out.It was real lost when my aunt died with cancer.When my great grand
maw died.It was like I drunk something that made me sick to my stomach.But it wasn't like I that I drunk something that
At home
Husband
And wife...
Have u ever thought actually
What it would be like, without a family.
Family is the only one,
.
We are a family created by God’s design
Rejoice, love each other, and cherish this precious time
By: Kevin Lam
Your family loves you
Whatever you do,
How do you live,
in a family,
that never shows love,
I love my family photos
Such a simple treasure to me
So many wonderful people
What is a family picture?
Is it all for real?
Are the people that you see
Don't you just love old family pictures?
Dug out from dusty box or chest
I don't think there is anything else
We are a family
And we belong together
We need to support each other
What is a family, that’s what we ask,
For some it means little, for they may seek,
A life of love and sharing  each other,
Can't live with them
and, I 'can'
Live without them,
When we talk of family,
it’s not always about our blood kin.
Sometimes it’s about a group of friends
The warm feeling
The tears that get wiped
The hug that holds you tight
What then you ask, might be a family
is it a bunch of people thrown together?
Or is it God's own plan up in his gallery
Tell me what does family mean to you
Is it all the little special things one another do
Or is it the bond that one another has
A family gives you unconditional love,
Strength and guidance they got form above
They listen when you need and ear
She came to me so sweetly,
life bubbling from within her
strong as an angel's beating wings;
A family is a tree
with its branches and leaves.
Come rain, come shine,
Your mouth is biger then
the world is round
someone tells you something
all families are different
loving
caring
My family is great
Together we talk
Together we laugh
when i need help my family is always there for me.
my family never let me down.
family is always around when u in trouble.
my family is everything  to me
family is always going to
be there  for you
the house is almost full,
the rooms abound with chatter,
little feet are pattering away
The divorced mother and her divorcing
daughter. The about-to-be ex-son-in-law
and the ex-husband's adopted son.
There was a spirit of friendly fellowship
In the Family Reunion Days of long ago
When the young and old gathered together
t’s family reunion time again
Why, I have one in a few days
It’s fun to see everyone together
I love them so,
with the egg & spoon races
(grass stains all over) ,
Eventhough she sometimes talk about the past
I know that my love for her
It will last.
uncle dear uncle
what have you done?
of your sister's many children
They love each other and their children but they studiously ignore
The poor old one in her mid eighties their near neighbour who lives next door
To her they feel so much superior in their eyes she's an old faded rose
Friends and family love you no matter what you do,
Friends and family Always help each other though.
Having wonderful people to help you along,
! ! GOOBY TO ALL MY FAMILY AND FRIENDS….I WILL MISS YOU ALL! !
Tonight I am going end my pain once and for all this is the only way I know that would stop the stabbing pain in my heart I know I only have 14 more days left but that’s too long this pain must
Stop tonight…My friend killed himself over a argument he had with his dad He said 'I WISH I COULD END MY LIFE TO STOP THE PAIN' The next morning he shot himself in the head the next morning
Honor thy family
For doing
The things
Imagine a Human Family picnic
where everyone shows:
from every sect and hue and nation
To be a part of a family like mine
is so divine
where love is shown
It's Saturday Night Live.....
I mean come on. It’s Chicago’s South side.
Admittedly, there is no evidence of that,
incest is best...
at least that's what my sister said
What  Oh, I'm sorry did you say something?
In a dark room,
Through heavy tapestry sunlight bloom.
Daughter, wife and husband,
To my dearest family, some things I'd like to say,
But first of all to let you know that I arrived okay.
I'm writing this from Heaven, where I dwell with God above,
My brother Lee Wagner and wife
My sister Billies Rose and husband George Tmeple
Me and my Husband Walter Hoffpavir
My family will forever be in my heart,
My sister's mean the world to me,
More than life,
Part of my family is grown up and tall.
Part of my family is little and small.
I'm in the middle and pleased with them all.Being born into a big family
in the midst of uncertainties,
Real understanding
My new family I am starting to build
This is the biggest opportunity  for me
I don’t want to die alone
I've  never felt so ''welcomed''
or just so ''right at home''
It's funny how much we can read
I.
I haven’t spoken to my brother in ten years.
His brain was slammed in a car accident,
Go to Vimarasan City
“Oh my dear, listen
Take the two children
He was the king
Dhamayanthi was certain
That the cook was Nalan.
More than 18 million proud Americans
Voted for you.
Billions of your fellow men and women
Whatever happened
To the family physician?
His genial compassionate
We class ourselves as branches
on our family tree,
each person has a branch
A happy family is one blessed by God!
Both parents slog all life for their children;
And children honor parents, without rod;
I have special family memories
Of when I was just a child
My family did things together
With open arms
They welcomed me
With open arms
He is a hero
not by sibling ordinal age,
nor by fate.
Oh! a private buffoon is a light-hearted loon,
If you listen to popular rumour;
From morning to night he's so joyous and bright,
We bought an electric monkey, experimenting rather
recklessly with funds carefully gathered since
grandfather's time for the purchase of a steam monkey.
Hinemoa, Tui, Maina,
All of them were born together;
They are quite an extra special
You put up with it because
as tiresome as it is, and as they can sometimes be,
somewhere there, there's always love.
The family the used to be
There was once a happy family
Everything seem to be going right
We've got a family album
Like a family tree
A thrill to turn the pages
what do you think of when you say your family
do you think of those you share blood with
i sure don't
As when the Paschal week is o'er,
Sleeps in the silent aisles no more
The breath of sacred song,
The rose is a rose,
And was always a rose.
But the theory now goes
O flower at my window
Why blossom you so fair,
With your green and purple cup
O lesson well and wisely taught
Stay with me to the last,
That all my life may better be
not one less
of this family that must stick together and always save
one another, be it
Family to me has many meanings
For all are full of diverse feelings
Love and anger, both within a single one
we are family,
although we do not resemble
although i am black and you are white
everyone has a place in a family
there are the crazy uncles
the wild aunts
why can't family be family again
we used to always be friends
we used to huddle together
WHY DOES IT HAVE TO BE the FAMILY THAT DISREPECTS YOU?
WHY DOES IT HAVE TO BE the FAMILY WHO TALK ABOUT YOU BEHIND YOUR BACK?
WHY DOES IT HAVE TO BE THE FAMILY WHO CLOSES THE DOOR WHEN YOU NEED SOMEONE TO TALK TO?
By: Michelle (Miss. Shelly)
A family that doesn’t belong,
But always knowing we didn’t do a thing wrong!
Where is family?
The birth of me and I:
Languished, died.To all my family and friends,
I'm happy to say, this is the end.
I've been contemplating death for a while.
New born
and strawberry blond!
Your tiny head
Saturday afternoon,
the air, now so hot, and streets
busy with that slightly faster pace of personal intention,
Father, first of all know how much I love you and appreciate you
in my life.  Father you never leave me, always there to see me
through.  This week Father you were ever present in not only my
Father I come to you with open arms, wanting to feel your spirit.
Place my feet on Holy ground, open my ears to hear your glorious sound.  Open my eyes so I will see, take wasted fear away from me.
Father give me the hope I need to survive, allow me many years to stay alive.  Father you are the one I truly love, please send me your blessings from above.
Father you are always on my mind, I love you Father and trust
in you with all my heart.  I have no questions  for your decisions,
my faith is strong and true.
Dear Lord in heaven, this has been a very interesting week, still so much to learn and so much to be forgiven for.  Although Lord verbally we have not offended anyone but inwardly sometimes we have feelings of jealousy or envy.  These feelings truly are negative feelings and need to be dealt with.  Today Lord I pray that you rid our minds of such thoughts and replace those thoughts with grateful thoughts.  Show us how to look at things in a different light, to see what is important and not to focus on the material things in life but to realize that we were all given gifts and those gifts are to be treasured, respected and shared with others.
Father when others copy us, let us realize that this is a compliment, which shows that we  have the ability to set the trend, to take the lead and to move forward allowing others to follow and create a much brighter environment.
Father when others speak badly of us because they are feeling jealous of us, teach us not to react in a negative manner but to continue to hold on to the positive not allowing such words to hurt us.  Hold our hands a little tighter Lord.
Master of truth, destroyer of pain,
You have the power to give health back again.
Here me Master, cover me with your love.
Dear Lord in Heaven, I hear your voice in the sounds of the falling rain.
I feel you Lord when the warm winds touch my face
I see you when I look at the stars high in the sky.
Today my prayer will be short and sweet for you Father has given me yet another day to stand with strength upon my feet.  Father I ask only one thing in this short little prayer.  I ask Father that you unite  all the people of this earth as one.  I ask Father that you help us to realize that we really are sisters and brothers, that we are covered by the blood of the lamb, that no one can come between us while we are holding your glorious hand.  Father unite us so that we will grow strong and able to fight the enemy.  Protect us Father while we stand as soldiers under your great umbrella.  Let us find peace in this world Father.  I leave it all to you Father for you are our great leader, you are the King,   You have the ability to make great mountains crumble and to part the rough waters of the sea, you are the all knowing and the great almighty.
Father I leave this prayer for peace to you, knowing that you will know what to do.
I pray Father in the name of your precious son Jesus.  Amen
Father, I want you to know how much I love you and appreciate
everything you do.  I know you're watching over me and always
by my side.
Father once again I come to you to ask yet for more blessings.  Oh Lord is there no end to what I ask for.  Each day new problems, new heartaches, more devistation, molestations, murders, drug use is increasing instead of decreasing.
Father God people are forgetting their purpose in life, they are lost.  Father many years ago, your son asked you to forgive them for they know not what they do.  Father when will they know what they're doing.
I have a difficult time Father looking at the news and reading of unnecessary killings, of a body found in close proximity, a body missing the head and very badly beaten.  Father God what kind of a person does this.  Satan is so busy and still finding a following.  I'm
(Dedicated to Bww and his 7 yr. Old daughter)
A daughter is beauty at its finest.
Heart of an angel, soul so pure, and sweet.
Oh father, my father
Am humbled by your ways
As you sustain innate integrity
Wilt thou forgive that sin where I begun,
Which was my sin, though it were done before?
Wilt thou forgive that sin, through which I run,
My beloved father, the last time we met
in company with your confidant and friend Abu,
we spoke of many things.
He’d grown quite tired by then, but still he tried
To appease or even please that ghost whose voice
Pursued him, critical of every move—
Holding the little finger of your hand,
Walking on the mounds of paddy field,
Watching the dancing of green weeds,
"Are you deaf, Father William!" the young man said,
"Did you hear what I told you just now?
"Excuse me for shouting! Don't waggle your head
There once was a fellow named Bart
he declared Father Death to be art
when the knock finally came
Becoming The Man My Father Always Was
(for Brian D)
Each night
'Tis The
SONG OF LITTLE MARY,
Standing at the bar-room door
Come up from the fields, father, here's a letter from our Pete;
And come to the front door, mother-here's a letter from thy dear
son.
I realized today
that winter would
not exist without
She hears me strike the board and say
That she is under ban
Of all good men and women,
Father and daughter spend some quiet time together in the living room
Shining through the curtain is the sun
And outside is the glorious afternoon
I never thought I'd live
One day to see my daughter be
A Human Resources Policy Executive.
You're standing in the doorway.
Your workday is all done.
He waits to see you everyday,
Hey Father Death, I'm flying home
Hey poor man, you're all alone
Hey old daddy, I know where I'm going
"There where that ray touches the plain
And the shadows escape as if they really ran,
Warsaw stands, open from all sides,
(On the Anniversary of Lincoln's Birth)
Father, Father Abraham,
Today look on us from above;
Some believe their faith is a private thing,
While others praise and through their voices sing.
You must not allow anyone to silence your view,
My father, who I hardly knew,
Was never one to shirk.
He died in nineteen twenty four,
"My times are in Thy hand." -- Psalm XXXI.15
Father, I know that all my life
Is portioned out for me,
Father, i'm no Catholic
but i must Confess:
i've been a bad girl.
You are over there, Father Malloy,
Where holy ground is, and the cross marks every grave,
Not here with us on the hill --
His heart a wound
brooding and dark,
he prays for days
Father of love, to thee I bend
My heart, and lift mine eyes;
O let my pray'r and praise ascend
Life has many ways, of telling our age
Each more interesting, with each new page
But in my heart, you will never grow old
My father knows the proper way
The nation should be run;
He tells us children every day
He never made a fortune, or a noise
In the world where men are seeking after fame;
But he had a healthy brood of girls and boys
We are born as sinners
Yet every child is innocent in God's eyes
So that every child goes to heaven
The long lines of diesels
groan toward evening
carrying off the breath
FATHERS
Fathers …
They are strong
When Father Ranney left the States,
In Canada to try the fates,
He settled down in Dereham,
'Twas the horse thief, Andy Regan, that was hunted like a dog
By the troopers of the upper Murray side,
They had searched in every gully -- they had looked in every log,
There is the family photograph
That is your father’s face,
There is your father’s father
The father conceives his son
the son grows with his father
the spirit allows the heritage
I feel sorry to myself that …..
I have no memory of playing with you as my father
I did not have a chance to feel your hug... your love as my father;
He wept for his father
His father who implored
him to not test life, to not
Father, part of his double interest
Unto thy kingdom, thy Son gives to me,
His jointure in the knotty Trinity
Father, part of his double interest
Unto thy kingdome, thy Sonne gives to mee,
His joynture in the knottie Trinitie
Father, Saviour of mankind,
Who hast on me bestowed
An immortal soul, designed
When I was just 18 months old
My real father left me
You stepped up
My father
Is my friend...
In childhood...
Dear Lord in Heaven, I woke up this morning with you on my mind,
realizing how precious it is to be a part of humankind.
To have the opportunity to live on this great earth, to witness the
'I know where I came from
and I know where I am going'
Because I am not alone
In the name of the Father,
Crusaders sallied forth
raping and murdering.
If I could see nothing but the smoke
From the tip of his cigar, I would know everything
About the years before the war.
During the war, I was in China.
Every night we blew the world to hell.
The sky was purple and yellow
Ulcerated tooth keeps me awake, there is
such pain, would have to go to the hospital to have
it pulled or would bleed to death from the blood thinners,
He did not so much abandon me, as himself.
His rage blew out of places that had never known life.
So quickly he turned from 'Daddy' into Father,
Every old man I see
Reminds me of my father
When he had fallen in love with death
Mother Earth and Father Time are walking hand in hand.
They're visiting their children and checking on their land.
They view the worlds destruction everywhere they turn.
Rare can I find a father
Of great statue and character
Man of words and honor
(for ifa, p.t., & bisa)
my father is a retired magician
which accounts for my irregular behavior
My father, my father,
I love he,
my father, my father,
was a truly amazing man
he pretended to be
rich
He was
No I can't say 'he was'
He is
The memory of my father is wrapped up in
white paper, like sandwiches taken for a day at work.
Just as a magician takes towers and rabbits
My Father was the greatest man I ever knew and loved He never judged me, never scorned me and never held a grudge If I grow old being half the man that taught me all I knew Then I would lie down in my grave amongst a privileged fewHow he loved the sound
of sound itself, when he
was young enought to be
My father, with his arthritic hands
Closes his door, picks up the bow
Tucks the bit under his chin
My mother was fortune, my father generosity and bounty; I
am joy, son of joy, son of joy, son of joy.
Behold, the Marquis of Glee has attainted felicity; this city and
My brain has turned to ash, and yes,
My mouth is dust,
And love is grief, and death is
In the eyes: dream. The brow as if it could feel
something far off. Around the lips, a great
freshness--seductive, though there is no smile.
He was always there, my father,
constant as gravity.
And photogenic too,
My heart leaps up when I behold
A rainbow in the sky;
Contrariwise, my blood runs cold
As a decrepit father takes delight
To see his active child do deeds of youth,
So I, made lame by Fortune's dearest spite,
To the Soul
That learned Father, who so firmly proves
The Soul of man immortal and divine,
To Mr Lawrence
Lawrence, of virtuous father virtuous son,
Now that the fields are dank, and ways are mire,
Another birthday, God has given you;
’Tis time you thought about your age and health;
God’s love and mercy in life has been true;
Death is not the final word.
Without ears, my father still listens,
still shrugs his shoulders
Dad,
A great many thanks for all you have done
Without you my life would not have begun
Thank You Father,
For giving me this life that I live.
Thank You Father,
Fathers hold you when you have bad dreams
And they comfort you when all is lost it seems.
Fathers teach you to dribble a basketball and shoot a free throw
The old priest Peter Gilligan
Was weary night and day
For half his flock were in their beds
GOOD Father John O'Hart
In penal days rode out
To a Shoneen who had free lands
'Up, Timothy, up with your staff and away!
Not a soul in the village this morning will stay;
The hare has just started from Hamilton's grounds,
He came at night to each of us asleep
And trained us in the virtues we most lacked.
Me he admonished to return his stare
A man had just delivered a toad from his wife's armpit. He
held it by its legs and spanked it.
Do you love it? said his wife.
This man
who is not
my father
545
'Tis One by One — the Father counts —
And then a Tract between
To the little, pitiful God I make my prayer,
The God with the long grey beard
And flowing robe fastened with a hempen girdle
Most truly honoured, and as truly dear,
If worth in me or ought I do appear,
Who can of right better demand the same
Visiting her cottage I remember ripe ears of corn,
drawers full of bent knives, mouldy crusts of pumpernickel bread,
high shelves of hoary berry jams, curtains threadbare and torn,
With my father
I would watch dawn
over green fields.
"You are old, father William," the young man said,
"And your hair has become very white;
And yet you incessantly stand on your head --
'Father?
Yes...LAWRENCE!
'Did I catch You at a bad time? '
I arose with my Lord upon my mind
And it occurred to me that no
Better or more reliable friend
He never loved me,
though I know how hard he tried.
He was a good man,
The wind was strong and the dust blew viciously.
Walking on a dirt road, not sure of my destination.
I encountered a coyote standing in the distance. My
Powerful, that’s right,
I’m a terror, as you will see, no one can beat me.
Why I’ll tear you apart from top to bottom.
No.
basking in human godship
due to your doubt,
87
A darting fear—a pomp—a tear—
A waking on a morn
I didn't know what to do,
I was trapped,
A prisoner,
A sick day a sick day
I'll not make it all year
My class is all here
Children in the playground
Children in the park
Never leave a child alone
A mother worries about the choices that her son may make.
She knows she has let him make decisions for his own sake.
As sirens scream, a mother sits in darkness choking back tears.
When life becomes a trembling world of fear,
you question every single move you make,
afraid your loving soul will disappear;
Too oft in time
it seems a crime
to open up one's heart.
Adolescent fear never speaks in its own language
Always translated into the impure tongue
Of cocky
Child of mine
Please never be afraid to fear
Fear the next book if you will
I live all alone.
Upon my own.
Along will come my fears.
There's primal fear like a fetus blinded by daylight
There's lingering fear like a zit growing on your nose
There's groundless fear like a dark day covered by a clear night
The musty smell
hangs
weightless in the air.
Drunk and wanting to be higher
Another drink, can’t find my smokes
Always wanting more from fire,
Is blind fear blind?
Yes, it is
Is blind fear fear?
Therefore death to us
Is nothing, nor concerns us in the least,
Since nature of mind is mortal evermore.
When I exited the train station
at Sheepshead Bay
in Brooklyn
Don't fear death in earthly travels.
Don't fear enemies or friends.
Just listen to the words of prayers,
I doubt you will read this
I don’t believe this is of any use
I can’t concede this is a worthy verse
A pack of wolves stood by quietly watching.
Beginning to act frustrated and anxious.
Calling with howls of anger, piercing eyes glow.
Fear and fear,
Where is life in fear?
Overcome fear, my dear,
That night I heard your voice
it woke me,
bolted through my body
Rainy days and stormy nights
a train running through my mind
tree's fall knocking out the lights
Fear haunts the eyes, of the terrified young
Slaughter replacing, days once filled with fun
Streets full of laughter, now places of dread
Everyone has a fear
They don’t even know where it comes from
Fear is everywhere you don’t have to look
1
Many animals that our fathers killed in America
Had quick eyes.
Fear no more the heat o' the sun;
Nor the furious winter's rages,
Thou thy worldly task hast done,
FEAR not, dear friend, but freely live your days
Though lesser lives should suffer.  Such am I,
A lesser life, that what is his of sky
Fear
An emotional preparedness
To face an eventuality
Fear not the storms in their darkest hour
Fear opens doors so evil can devour
Fear not the dark ways which lurk around
Once again Einstein rules
the universe, this time
his 'dark energy' viewed
I greet the burden of your soul
and wonder if your heart is whole
when one can hold it out to share
Why must one such as I,
live my life with fear,
the fear to unjustly die.
In death we die alone
to dust and bone
we return to take our
Fear of failure has failed me again!
I’ve hit rock bottom so many times
that it has become my second home.
People choose to see what
they want in me
wanting to be my friend
Epicurus states our responsibility.
In all my meekness and volatility,
irresolute am I to appear.
Fear of Love
Have you ever loved someone so much that fear takes control of every emotions.
Fear of loving.
Is it possible to have one fear?
Can you be afraid of fear?
Am I hidding in the shadow of fear?
But fear of the inexplicable has not alone impoverished
the existence of the individual; the relationship between
one human being and another has also been cramped by it,
I come now from those foreign places
Unknown to those with hidden faces
Bedecked and different, for them to leer
Once a favorite conversation piece,
now something more like a disease.
A weathervane sings, a wind chime clangs.
How does fear start?
When we are so small,
Fear of being alone,
It is in the small things we see it
A spider in the corner
A hairy monster on the prowl
The beating of your heart when you know somethings wrong.
Why you hide from everything but think you're so strong.
Why you can't take chances and stay on the safe side.
I stand on the shore line,
the tide washes between my toes.
I stare at the horizon before me
I fear the vast dimensions of eternity.
I fear the gap between the platform and the train.
I fear the onset of a murderous campaign.
What do people fear?
We fear things we don't understand,
We fear things that can hurt us,
Fear of the unknown
is what makes me behind
Fear of tomorrow
As a baby
Fear was none...
... maybe crying when I'm hungry or wet or not cuddled or not sensing the familiar scent of my mom's bosom...
I smell it here, I smell it near
In our hearts, body and soul we wear
Fear! Year in and year out in full gear
Fear is an agonizing thing
It cripples deep inside
It freezes the thinking part of you
I fear not of tomorrow
The dark scares me not
I am not full of sorrow
What causes the fear that people feel,
When there scared and have to face the truth.
What cause that fear that people feel,
I know how father's strap would feel,
If ever I were caught,
So mother's jam I did not steal,
Do you see the window,
.....underneath the tree?
Do you see the sunshine
I am afraid, oh I am so afraid!
The cold black fear is clutching me to-night
As long ago when they would take the light
I don't know fear
I once proclaimed
My heart is broken
Fear is just in
Your mind
Focus on what
Don’t be afraid of fear
Because fear is afraid of itself
You give into fear when you doubt yourself
That arresting fear!
That crippling fear!
That haunting fear!
Fear, an emotion easily obtained,
Something we dread, or maybe of shame,
Fear for a life, or sickness within,
I fear the fear i cannot stop,
I fear it more and more,
And when i grind my teeth with pain,
Fear ye not my wee one, fear ye not.
The dream you had was not for thee,
coming from a distant shore
The fear swells up
I begin to dread
That time in my life
Freedoms four he saw, that here, - from fear -
Responded to the war call – means and ends
Endeavoured to ally while bomb descends
No one really knows
What happens inside the room
As he locks the door
The stream is shrunk--the pool is dry,
And we be comrades, thou and I;
With fevered jowl and dusty flank
i do not fear....
Armagadden, not the end,
not soldiers wearing masks,
I DO not fear to own me kin
To the glad clods in which spring flowers begin;
Or to my brothers, the great trees,
543
I fear a Man of frugal Speech—
I fear a Silent Man—
I have a fear - I may be wrong:
that all too many, put off all thoughts of 'God'
by those who claim to speak for Him,
It starts with the fear of God my friend and the fear of God alone,
That removes self from the heart and places Jesus on the throne.
Worldly knowledge won't change your heart, won't change it at all,
I know the fear within you aches
It captivates your mind
But I know you have what it takes
I was a grovelling creature once,
And basely cleaved to earth:
I wanted spirit to renounce
Look not in my eyes, for fear
Thy mirror true the sight I see,
And there you find your face too clear
SHE is standing at the gate,
Tall and sweet,
And although the hour be late
I have this feeling it’s called fear
I  have the fear of who will be dying or will I be next?
If  I stop think about “how can I have myself prepare? “.
Do you want to know,
What I fear the most?
It isn’t a vampire,
fear may scare you
fear may hurt you
but whatever you do
Fear of You
Fear of Me
Fear of Others
I have no fear in death
I long for it
I find death for a child
for I no longer fear my beast
I will not try to hide it anymore
I will no longer lock it inside
Yes indeed, I'm going home one day very soon my dear friend,
My life on this earth is but a journey, it's definitely not the end.
Though there be wars and rumors of wars and all the earth be taken,
Us godly fear delightful unto thee,
That fear that God himself delights to see
Bear sway in them that love him? then he will
Just feel full of fear.
Time for that cold beer.
Find a friend with big ears.
had less to do
with any harm
they might inflict
Is it for fear to wet a widow's eye,
That thou consum'st thy self in single life?
Ah, if thou issueless shalt hap to die,
What if your enemy just follows you,
And monitors your rise most shamelessly;
Beware and keep away from such men too,
In the empty field, in the morning,
the body waits to be claimed.
The spirit sits beside it, on a small rock--
Fear is not what I am afraid of.
True, it is a frightful thing to fear;
But the fear of fearing fear is overwhelming
The Ghost of Fear
Oh! What a terrible demon am I
Invading your thoughts, infecting your lives
My awkward grossness grows: I go down, through
I maintain my self in the conviction
that I have as much to say as others
BE you still, be you still, trembling heart;
Remember the wisdom out of the old days:
Him who trembles before the flame and the flood,
Though better men may fear that trumpet's warning,
I meet you, lady, on the Judgment morning,
With golden hope my spirit still adorning.
Why you've fear,
When I'm here?
Why shed a tear,
Cold tears plunging from the eyes that are forever lost
Making no since and trying to make it through
Its just not the same..not with out you
fire
passion
ice
At that moment in time, the point of no return
You’re standing inside the fire watching yourself burn
You don't feel the pain as you stand comfortably numb
After that hot gospeller has levelled all but the churched sky,
I wrote the tale by tallow of a city's death by fire;
Under a candle's eye, that smoked in tears, I
The man was sentenced to death
jury was agreed and the magistrate already signed.
He was an innocent criminal and a scapegoat
It was so fulminating.
A fire burned within
from spindly kindling
The sunset was like a fire-sky
That truly lit up my world
Clouds were orange and yellow
Right down the shocked street with a
siren-blast
That sends all else skittering to the
When the north wind moans thro' the blind creek courses
And revels with harsh, hot sand,
I loose the horses, the wild red horses,
Never until the mankind making
Bird beast and flower
Fathering and all humbling darkness
The Sun woke me this morning loud
and clear, saying "Hey! I've been
trying to wake you up for fifteen
The Milky Way was curled and curdled in the sky tonight
when on the shore I heard the waves crash down;
a thousand cats leaped miowling at the moon,
An olive fire's a lovely thing;
Somehow it makes me think of Spring
As in my grate it over-spills
The lamps now glitter down the street;
Faintly sound the falling feet;
And the blue even slowly falls
As king fishers catch fire, dragonflies draw flame;
As tumbled over rim in roundy wells
Stones ring; like each tucked string tells, each hung bell's
Our Sun beats down, its rays so strong,
It heats this earth, where we belong,
Ripening to gold the waving corn,
Slowly I smoke and hug my knee,
The while a witless masquerade
Of things that only children see
It was his first, and smuggled in at that,
the Commies hadn't yet approved of things
that made the forces of free market grow.
How long will this go on?
Consumed daily by this passionate fire
...the way I tempt fate
Now at our casement the wind is shrilling,
Poignant and keen
And all the great boughs of the pines between
I.
How well I know what I mean to do
When the long dark autumn-evenings come:
Embers turning deep crimson red
Streaking through the hardened wood
Ashes fallen to the ground
Only forty more sleeps
and then Santa will come
with the bells and the beeps
O! golden Hereafter, thine every bright rafter
Will shake in the thunder of sanctified song;
And every swift angel proclaim an evangel,
they'll
fall away
one by one
Fire, dark and burning bright
Bright as day, yet, gives no light
In the shadows of the night
I see pain in their eyes.
I hear sorrow in their cries.
Inside I break and cry alone,
Tell me which fight do you fight deep in you
My body shakes in waves of pain you feel
I see your fear is too dark to look through
We come into this world with nothing and we depart with nothing. You departed with nothing. Yet you took everything.
There was something omnious about that night, something gloomy, something fateful. Maybe it was the wind and the rain. Maybe just a feeling. I suppose a fitting night to leave this world as we all eventually must. With nothing. Our final flight wont be delayed.
Why you had to leave I do not know. I do not understand. Maybe it is not for me to know, not for me to understand.
Some say the world will end in fire,
Some say in ice.
From what I've tasted of desire
For this you've striven
Daring, to fail:
Your sky is riven
If you like you can enquire
There are rings of fire
There are hearts on fire
Fire, fire
Tuesday, July 24,2018
5: 24 PM
Fire, fire,
Fire, fight with the fire.
I am fire
Pyro, Fuego, Fire,
It’s a power, a strength,
A source of light,
FIRE which gives us light
FIRE which is used for cooking
FIRE which makes hot environment when it is cool
And only where the forest fires have sped,
Scorching relentlessly the cool north lands,
A sweet wild flower lifts its purple head,
Like a long arrow through the dark the train is darting,
Bearing me far away, after a perfect day of love's delight:
Wakeful with all the sad-sweet memories of parting,
Fire, I am fire
In this summer
I am your digestion
I am the creator who cannot find
The soul in which I burn
A witch of fire, frozen in ice
From underneath the frozen smile,
My heart melts to silently cry.
The burning emotions from the days
Fire in the heavens, and fire along the hills,
and fire made solid in the flinty stone,
thick-mass'd or scatter'd pebble, fire that fills
Like fire in the sky it is
When the sun sets in the night
Red and yellow engulf the world
Turning you hold your arms up
My eyes touch where you turn
The shouts from the fire line crew
Golden orangish flames
Hinted with a hue of blue
Circling round hardened wood
The deer were bounding like blown leaves
Under the smoke in front the roaring wave of the brush-fire;
I thought of the smaller lives that were caught.
In the west there is fearsome fire in the hills.
Full of dread, the people watch as flames burn upon the ridge.
Fierce winds fan the fury where the fires singe.
I will read ashes for you, if you ask me.
I will look on the fire and tell you from the gray lashes
And out of the red and black tongues and stripes,
Probably I am an ordinary middle-class
believer in individual rights, the word
"freedom" is simple to me, it doesn't mean
A Searing Flame
It Hides My Shame
The Pain It Melts Away
This life that we call our own
Is neither strong nor free;
A flame in the wind of death,
fire
Wood  fire  wrapped
With  smoke
The flame crackles,
Spitting shinning sparks
And ashes and fire
Your nakedness
encounters my nakedness
the moonlight
Motto and craze
'fire with fire' is no answer
You need to sprinkle water
White silken thighs,
Legs sprawled on the floor
While sitting backwards
Whizzing and banging
The Fire Roars
All the people come out...of there little doors
Since the day that the lord set me on fire
i have had a desire to acquire the knowledge of my messiah,
Whatever u desire, Dont retire
As I am honored with grace impassionate
that dazzles in me and my innate grin
glamoured by setting rays in the sky
some money I was desperately needing
gambling debts paid or I'd soon be bleeding
my bar was already deep in the red
218
I have a fire for you in my mouth, but I have a hundred seals
on my tongue.
My love is like to ice, and I to fire:
How comes it then that this her cold so great
Is not dissolved through my so hot desire,
'Tis a fine Lady..,
I was connected too
Her words of poetry
I carry pride like a disease, you know I'm Stubborn
and I'm longing to be close!
I fell desperate without vision,
It appears as a quiet understanding
trust, sharing and forgiving
Love remains loyal through good and bad
Heavens on fire as the last day burns out the sky,
Setting the world with an eerie orange glow,
Streaked through with pinks and reds,
I have been lonely before.
Listing between friends.
Going through the motions again and again.
Oh day of fire and sun,
Pure as a naked flame,
Blue sea, blue sky and dun
Faire Chloris, standing by the Fire,
An amorous coale with hot desire
Leapt on her breast, but could not melt
My heart was started by a spark,
burst into flames.
Now I am like a lamp on a hill,
Fire:
When the water turns to mist
And the flames are rising high
Sitting by the fire,
Warming up my toes,
Last year is over,
The other two, slight air and purging fire,
Are both with thee, wherever I abide;
The first my thought, the other my desire,
What gory deaths by fire, we see today!
Gone is ‘sati’ but brides burn still by stove;
In accidents too, people die this way;
The boy with fire in his eyes
Stands there waiting.
It is his soul inside;
'Twas in the year of 1898, and on the 8th of June,
A mother and six children met with a cruel doom
In one of the most fearful fires for some years past
The squatter saw his pastures wide
Decrease, as one by one
The farmers moving to the west
They had long met o' Zundays--her true love and she--
And at junketings, maypoles, and flings;
But she bode wi' a thirtover uncle, and he
One, two, three--hark, hark, boys!
One, two, three, four!
The fire-bells are ringing, this wild wintry night;
DEVEREUX FARM, NEAR MARBLEHEAD.
We sat within the farm-house old,
Whose windows, looking o'er the bay,
every day they feed the fire
the fire inside of me
that will burn my soul
the fire,
i love it,
the way it dances,
Fire never dies, just smoulders,
like love you need to fan it,
to keep the flame alive.
The fire that filled my heart of old
Gave luster while it burned;
Now only ashes gray and cold
The great Chicago Fire, friends,
Will never be forgot;
In the history of Chicago
I SUPPOSE it just depends on where you’re raised,
Once I met a cove as swore by green belar!
Couldn’t sight the good old mallee-stump I praised;
No engines shrieking rescue storm the night,
And hose and hydrant cannot here avail;
The flames laugh high and fling their challenging light,
Quite is the fire, quite is the dreams,
quite is the passions, the laughter and the tears,
Quite is the fire that sooths the moment.
Heed me, feed me, I am hungry, I am red-tongued with desire;
Boughs of balsam, slabs of cedar, gummy fagots of the pine,
Heap them on me, let me hug them to my eager heart of fire,
late, on the way home
I saw the engines
the rescues and police
It was decided that the shed
- an eyesore - had to go,
so, after rolling out of bed
naked flame, you're dancing higher
tasting life with such desire
but time passes, now to bed
There was a man who lived a life of fire.
Even upon the fabric of time,
Where purple becomes orange
638
To my small Hearth His fire came—
And all my House aglow
WHILE I wrought out these fitful Danaan rhymes,
My heart would brim with dreams about the times
When we bent down above the fading coals
Who falls into the fire shall burn with heat;
While those remote scorn from it to retreat.
Yea, while those in it, cry out, O! I burn,
Embers light the fire
Brake down the bark
Fueling heart and desire
The wild flame of your lovely green eyes
has still not been extinguished, my love,
has still not been extinguished!
Wine by the fire on a cold winter night a Gelid concordant. The snows of winter has fallen; and the
Winds are decrescent
Wildlife are
Yea, the roses are still on fire
With the bygone heat of July,
Though the least little wind drifting by
530
You cannot put a Fire out—
A Thing that can ignite
All through my life I’ve been tooing and froing
Constantly coming and constantly going
This way and that way without even knowing
I told my kids we'd see it, this movie, they couldn't wait.
We finally saved the money so we started on our ''date''.
They were so very happy to be on there way to see
Her closed eyes whispered to me
In that Cajun French accent
She had perfected; as her
Meals are the food for the body;
Knowledge is the food for the mind;
Meditation is the food for the spirit;
It can't be said, that everyone, is a
lover of food. But I'm one of those
people, who can indulge, regardless
All my cat wants from me is food.
The only time his fickle mood...
...is pleasant in every way.
Seems most of Americans are now using food stamps
maybe for the first time in their lives?
Our economy is hurting badly
your hand on the wheel,
Mayan bolt nonwithstanding...
where do we go from here?
There is nothing like the old Chuck Wagon
Food cooked outside in the open air
Grilled and pan-fried food on the menu
World reels
Food shortage
A great crisis
Hundreds and thousands have toiled under the scorching sun of summer,
to grow the food which so comfortably we eat.
think of food as the fruit of labor of thousands of hours,
Dusty roads are many, where gutsy people walk,
Muddy paths are countless, where trusting lives live,
On the embankments of river, ravine and monsoon canals,
Dio doppo avé creato in pochi giorni
Quello che c'è de bello e c'é de brutto,
In paradiso o in de li su' contorni
Everything depends on food
Be cool and cool and take
Suitable food conducive to
Fame is a fickle food
Upon a shifting plate
Whose table once a
Fame is a food that dead men eat,-
I have no stomach for such meat.
In little light and narrow room,
'Beauty was made from her eyes.
Soon they move, I fly into the skies.
Your charming eyes are my light.
As you drank deep as Thor, did you think of milk or wine?
Did you drink blood, while you drank the salt deep?
Or see through the film of light, that sharpened your rage with its stare,
Big and
Big...
Glass water pot...
A boat full of fish
may be a mere lucky wish,
but one on the line
Oh how I crave for fish ‘n chips:
Our fine cuisine of world renown.
I dined on such a subtle dish
Food and food,
Your food says
What are you.
There is good food and good bed.
There is fine wine and fine tune.
By is a cute lady with a melody.
Food is necessary
Not for transcendental
Manifestation but for
Food clothing and shelter
bare necessities.
But not all.
I am off camera
She is a prisoner – stewing
That a device for her feeding
Food, Food Good Food
Good Food is a should
Healthy, health, healthy
Who is best skilled trained to prepare it?
Top chief on reality tv pack up your knives?
Where are best chiefs trained to thrive?
A food bubble ready to burst?
Cuz speculators on Wall Street
Drive high food prices to their worst,
There he is like the ocean
Holding an empty shell
Empty shell filled with
They say in Egypt lived a man
who dined on cheese and pickled ham
and once he ate a caravan
Now here’s a thought for poets fraught
and trying to make a living,
from penning verse of many kinds
If, on this night so dark and dreary
You find yourself depressed and weary
And contemplate the various ways
As we graze upon reality
is there something we dont see
while I sit and take a glance
She hid it
but it became clear to her
even as a child
The sky has darkened before its time:
a swarm of locusts,
not a thunder-storm.
Is it really so depraving
I like to eat a lot?
The thought of food I’m craving
Railway budget announced
Fares hiked
Petrol prices
The fields are bare, the harvest safe in store
Now is the time for man and beast to rest
King winter will enforce his frigid rule.
The hunger pangs I feel are real.
My stomachs growling to be fed,
This is no quiet mute appeal
Old habits die hard
We only live in present and don't look forward
Live with junk food and rotten ideas
Food in Oslo
Before pizza ruined Scandinavian cuisine it was wholesome,
nourishing and tasted good. Ok, so it was plain and it didn´t
IF to her eyes' bright lustre I were blind,
No longer would they serve my life to gild.
The will of destiny must be fulfilid,--
Food is god
for poor people...!
God is not
Without food I can not live
Food is dear to me.
You can judge my faith
I have been chasing that truck,
For 2kms, now and I will be dead
For the morsel the world cannot reach me,
Starvation is an intolerable state
of existence. However, I would rather
hunger for food, then wither away
You don't want to eat while
drunk
You just want to drink
O Food, your glory is so great,
Strength of limbs you generate.
It should be of our own choice,
I’ve seen heart ache,
and I’ve seen pain.
I’ve seen love lost
Food food food
All are here for food
All evolve from food
Food, food I love you so,
People say go on a diet, but what do they know.
Food, food you make me grow,
Food is good.food is filling
food is fatting
food is good
Prawn...takes...King.Spider in a web
patiently there to be fed
one more fly now dead'Every person who smokes, is going to die.
Every person who never smokes, is going to die.
Every person who is 'overweight', is going to die.
still in old Italy
20 million tones
spoils to market
Free food I know it is a lie.
I can not kill that sign even though I want to.
Those who come for help will not be charged -
Give me some food
That provide and promote
My life vitality strength
God has a body and light
The universe is inside God's light
And it is actually made of a little bit of saliva of God
Fast food tastes so good
Its probably bad for you
But good for your soulTwenty years ago a man lived in his car.
He did something that was really bizarre.
He ate canned dog food everyday.
I love chinese food, and chinese food loves me,
but in my imaginary land, i am the queen.
The clouds there are orange chicken, the grass is chow mein,
I love food, I love food
It makes me feel really good
Yummy and nutritious food
I am in need of some food
After taking something
I will listen your love story.
I want some food
True
I do not want food
food waste
one country
say old Italy
What an offensive brain
Tasking with junking the kids
Packed with deceiving zesty spices
Spinach, carrots, artichokes,
will not grow the bones of blokes.
Ketchup, chocolate bars and chips
I wanted a roast beef sandwich
So I found myself at the fridge
It turned out
There were great men by whom the society
Has immensely benefited and yet
It utterly failed to treat their descendants,
I just grabbed a long-handled spoon.....
to scoop little pickles from a jar.
While looking at them swimming in jar's brine,
Love is the food of the heart.
The more it flows uncircumscribed
to all creation, the more the soul
I'd love to be a bird
That flies high up in the sky.
But rather than worms from the ground,
Eyes do all that is needed
With due consideration point is conceded
But quest does not end in result
Birds have free food and nest
Foxes hve free food and holes
Alas, men have no
Are you just a tub of lard and
Vastly overweight?
Do you think that when you die you'll
I had a peanut butter sandwich today
which made me think of all the way....
sssss my life has been touched by that
(This is a fictional poem)
You keep sending your food back because you aren't satisfied.
If you send it back just once more, we are going to step outside.
Yuck!  Gross!  I won't eat that
This food looks like a run over rat
It's green and gross, kind of icky,
Yuck! Gross! I won't eat that
this food looks like a run over rat
it’s green and gross, kind of icky,
Thick red blood veins bath in anger
The stomach grumbles in idiotic anger
A taste of food and out springs laughter
Some food is
Medicine...
Medicine is some food...
So are you to my thoughts as food to life,
Or as sweet-seasoned showers are to the ground;
And for the peace of you I hold such strife
And now and then, I taste the foods I shouldn't;
So stupidly in utter  disregard;
The things I loved to eat, some now I couldn't;
The rotten mangoes that I threw away
Are spotted by a crow by early dawn;
By beak, he tastes them, flying on his way
Pigeon on the ledge,
Starved, walks away from seeds; needs
Hugs, love therapy.I do not want to know
The source of food
I am not worry about food
In food is a certain quality of taste,
May they abstain and be erased.
For food manages my godly life,
Leaping, leaping, leaping,
down line by line,
growling at the cadavers,
Mother, in some sad evening long ago,
From thy young breast my groping lips were taken,
Their hunger stilled, so soon again to waken,
She gave me the food of her love and,
It was like the crystal sea full of roses!
But i stood on the surface of the bronze sea to greet her,
What would you like for supper,
Some steak, with chips and peas,
Maybe, a nice brewed cuppa,
Rat
Go for cat
With cat mouth...In the year 2525
If man is still alive
If woman can survive
Newton
every stall splashes its best
on the wall
Food! Food! Food!
It is all that we need
It is all that we need
Food for the body
I know of men, who do not have enough,
Lacking food and drink, their life is rough
McKenna said; “They are the food of the gods”
“Has been so for 10,000 years, more or less
Consumed by shamans and a few demigods,
Memorial Day weekend, ESPN, I watched, “Outside The Lines, ”
And what I heard, well as the saying goes it just, “blew my mind, ”
High school kids desiring to advance & arrive at the college level,
I still remember those childhood days,
We could not go where the big brother plays,
But we had our tiny little niche,
He was undersized
compared to his peers
He waited for his chance
We were challenged by The Dingoes - they're the pride of Squatter's Gap-
To a friendly game of football on the flat by Devil's Trap.
And we went along on horses, sworn to triumph in the game,
It is the first game of the football season
At most colleges and universities across the land.
Dedicated and loyal fans will enter the stadium
Never cared much about football, even less about
the Cardinals.
Pat Tillman rose above the football field, reached
Their jeans sparkled, cut off
way above the knee, and my
friends and I would watch them
Another Football Season has just commenced having said so just the same
A lot of hype and excitement about  a field game
For many from their life problems a relief of sorts
I've heard that Ballydaly does not have a football team
Which puts a cloud on Tommy Tucker's dream
That they might win Duhallow for third time
A game called prison ball was enjoyed in France
while English boys played rounder in short pants.
Town ball was the game that Americans played
BASEBALL
A game called prison ball was enjoyed in France
while English boys played rounder in short pants.
On a sunny day, that warmed the winter breeze
Running with laughter and children,
With butterflies flitting o’er bobbing heads,
Case in point proven. I told you that we the patriots will win the Superbowl of World Peace, but the sell of the Patriots winning the football game ''this year'' was the falsehood. Again I say, ''Selling falsehood doesn't stop truth from happening.'' - Joshua Aaron GuilloryHave you seen a football match?
In a field two goal-keepers' catch.
What do they catch and for why?
as the years grow harder
so do the choices
should i listen to myself
I took my little boy
to  a nearby football pitch
He said he was tired
As the years grow harder
So do the choices
Should i listen to myself
What a name called?
Football a game called,
To known arena called stadium,
Let children play football or basketball.
They would experience camaraderie,
Team spirit and togetherness.
Here, a handful of hysterical men
Seeming to run aimless for endless hours
In a display of sweat-soaked endeavours,
Of late little in our lives for to talk of at all
We can count ourselves lucky for to have football
For our after work get together in the local pub
Football fever
Gripping all over
Fierce battles
Cross bars and posts, the echo of distant bells,
The cool and friendly scent of whispering turf;
And in the air a little wind that tells
Football is a contact sport;
In short—a “rough” game.
It may leave you dancing,
Gladiators of the numbered turf
Helmeted heads and padded limbs
22 soldiers on the field
Like medieval knights
Armor clad, in fields battle
To reap victory
He is not getting on with his unhappy wife
His Football Club his diversion from his problems in life
He looks forward to the weekend through each working day
A shooting ball is swooshing;
People in globe are watching.
On a sudden
আমাদের মেসে ইমদাদ হক ফুটবল খেলোয়াড়,
হাতে পায়ে মুখে শত আঘাতের ক্ষতে খ্যাতি লেখা তার।
সন্ধ্যা বেলায় দেখিবে তাহারে পটি বাঁধি পায়ে হাতে,
Football match,
let us watch and enjoy
goal keeper's catch.Football is my life
It can be dangerous as a knife
But if you have fun
Caught that
Long bomb
But I
Dear God save me from my fate.
I’ve ravaged a whole plate of tacos,
wasn’t at all dainty or sweet;
I loved to play football,
That night I dreamt that
I was tirelessly running and running with the ball
With Apologies to Oliver Twist and everybody else.
Football, glorious football.
Don't care what it looks like -.
Just like a football I am and have
been bounced around a bit,
But only by chance of fate, no man
Football is my favorite game
I love to watch them play -
Those tightly muscled butts and legs
I take the snap from the center, fake to the right, fade back...
I've got protection. I've got a receiver open downfield...
What the hell is this? This isn't a football, it's a shoe, a man's
It is a sport.Football
We are, both
-of same age
Most of the boys on my team are ashamed that a girl is on their team.
They have a lot of question like: why do you play football. Are you a men or what?
Well here is your answer: I play football because I love the sport.
Bands playing familiar songs.
The majorettes with their batons.
Cheerleaders wowing the crowds on.
Football is played with heart
There will always be someone better than you
It is like life, you can get knocked down but you’re the one to make the decision to get up
He thought he had lost all his reason,
Cause a strike threatened the football season.
But Hank Jr. came on,
Twenty-two fierce beasts
Strive to control one small ball
Move from end to end
After stepping into the field
there is no way out
even before you start the game
In some ways humanity does not seem advanced at all
People in their physical prime tussling over possession of one football
They ought to get a football each with for to play
Football teaches you
teamwork; reaching goals in life
by striving to winThe greatest football catch got caught
By Odell Beckham, rookie pro.
He had run down the field a lot
I told her that her two teams weren't playing
She said those were lies that I was saying,
Her ex had told her that the game was on today
We stuffed our crotches into hometown pants.
Clacked on concrete out to mud and grass.
Hit each other.  Bled.  Got dizzy.
If you bring the team together, you can win any game - the game of football, the game of basketball, the game of life! - Joshua Aaron GuilloryIn the floodlight lit football oval each weeknight after tea
I hear the young men shouting as they train diligently
As their coach puts them through their training drills their exuberance I hear
Cornhuskers college football game,
Fourth quarter and time almost out,
A 7 year old - Jack's his name,
Life is like a football game
When you score a goal, you must play hard to defend it
And even harder to score more goals,
Like football in verse keep the ball
Low on the ground, low, low, low.
Then in more than a language will
In a pub all the channels were on football
But there was a guy with no interest at all
He was asked; who’s winning?
My little son plays football in a little league
his coordination is of a new born foal, his colleagues
on is almost the same as his
After dividing ourselves
And having dressed
In near angelic whiteness
YOU can keep your antique silver and your statuettes of bronze,
Your curios and tapestries so fine,
But of all your treasures rare there is nothing to compare
When we first met we didn't,
it wasn't on the menu.
Of course it had me curious
When the feet kiss the ball,
for all tackles u make,
divine is the feel,
They celebrate in the Commercial and Mickey Bourke's pub
The marvellous win of Koroit Saints Football Club
The Warrnambool Blues the pride of Warrnambool Town
For the Cork Gaelic Footballers another humbling defeat
By their neighbours Kerry in Croke Park once more they've been beat
In Gaelic Football in Ireland Kerry to the fore
Our teacher's a football fanatic.
It's all that he has on his mind.
He listens to games on his headphones,
Perfect on my imperfection, you fall:
I close my eyes but you are real, traveling
Effortlessly up your hills and then
Foot
Ball,
Head,
Net to net rolls the ball
with the feet fast they scroll
the kicks find the bar too small
Drive men, drive!
Get the freaking ball!
That’s it, now go.
Oh wow! Seems like every channel has the exact same story,
The most storybook football program has tarnished it’s glory,
At the Mighty Penn State where the winningest coach resides,
Spanish dance,
Spanish Football,
And like the muse of your love in the land of the Flamingos! !
Strike the ball in speedy split seconds,
Snap and chase the ball like life's only chance,
Get the ball in space defying moments,
The stands are full of eager fans
Who say, we're paid too much money!
But if they would put our suits on
SUPER BOWL FOOTBALL
The stands are full of eager fans
Who say, we're paid too much money!
Suppose football does serve a purpose some males do need other interests in their lives
Than working or drinking of alcohol or arguing with or making love to their girl friends or wives
On saturday they go to the football to cheer on their team win or lose
The 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia was a terrific event.
Thirty two teams came together to celebrate sportsmanship,
Of course, there were a few tackles, yellow and red cards. Ships,
Transformed into
The petroglyphs
Before the songbirds who
Around his bed his friends and family but of them he's not aware
His life's journey about to end old Joe the ex footballer player
On his back his eyes closed to his surroundings the life from him ebbing away
The beauty of the golden days,
Where the great adventure began,
On a field where we all sang,
Kind of candlestick in the mud-
Hoary light in the swamp
Turning undone,
Most of those who knew him thought he was not good enough
He could not measure up when the going  did get tough
In the Grand Final he wilted under pressure with the game to be won
Football jocks- they allow nothing to get in their way
Girls hearts they’d break every day.
What is a heart? But tissue and mass.
The football legend
Pele could play like magic
With his skill and styleI.
O wild kaleidoscopic panorama of jaculatory arms and legs.
The twisting, twining, turning, tussling, throwing, thrusting,
It’s raining all day!
The kids are playing football –
They just love to play!Into your houses that stand for nothing—popcorn light
That gets blinded on the 4th of July
While I steal the lonely bicycle from your garage:
In the retinue of
The carrion and paper airplanes
Contrived-
I've often found it quite baffling
People’s immense love for a sport
That’s nothing more than ball handling
We all love and applaud the winners
As we feel sorry for the losers
We love women, without them, we're nobody
Their flags and their banners they are waving with joy and excitement they shout
The hero has kicked the winning goal but what are they shouting about
To them it should not really matter 'tis only a game of football
This is the football Season it is that time of year
When men in the pub talk football as they enjoy their beer
And look forward to September when one club will fly the winner's flag
SUPER BOWL FOOTBALL
The stands are full of eager fans
Who say, we're paid too much money!
'Tis football is the big World game of today
Grid Iron the big game of the U S of A,
Rugby League, Rugby Union and Aussie Rules Football
To be good at football assures one of local fame
Though outside of your hometown yours is not a known name
For there is quite a difference between good and great
Well...
You can
kick it you can catch
Why do you love football?
What do you see in it?
Why not watch another sport
Being alert
says an expert
till the last seconds
you and i
met not long ago
you and i
I can’t forget those days baby
No I can't forget at all
When you used to love me madly
(Grand Evangelical Mission,10th of May 2009, Agro Football Field, Davao City, commemorating the 123rd birth anniversary of Ka Felix Y. Manalo, God's last messenger)
Throngs of believers and non-believers
assembled together into one herd
Poetry is about freedom.
The spirit of freedom.
The freedom of spirit.
What I always say is
when you get older
you can't always remember what
'Dream, dream,
Keep on dreaming':
His* advice.
To stand forth in strength;
The strength of wisdom,
The strength of knowledge,
So many gave their lives
To keep our country free
But we rarely think about it
A respected man he is
A loved man he is
For his doings, for what he did
A view of a vast land
Enriched with daffodils
Free as the breeze blows
“A Free India” - That was your only passion
Thanks to your sacrifices, today we are an independent nation.
You all were quite intelligent and hardworking
You waste the attention of your eyes,
the glittering labour of your hands,
and knead the dough enough for dozens of loaves
For E.D. who will never understand the gift he gave me.
I wear a silver bracelet on my wrist with its native american facade and I am reminded of a commended freedom and of peaceful spirituality.
Things that are not easy for me to acquire in my world, but easily in a world of others.
I am who I am
Because of what I am
I ask for freedom from love
The shots fired out
The scared soldier dashed back to the fort
He had witnessed enough
Remember them, for they were once like you,
With hopes, emotions, days of grey and blue.
Accepting combat, trying to win through,
Freedoms four he saw, that here, - from fear -
Responded to the war call – means and ends
Endeavoured to ally while bomb descends
How delicious is the winning
Of a kiss at love's beginning,
When two mutual hearts are sighing
At the stroke of twelve; midnight
we earned freedom! Well! We did it!
We waited, waited, waited, waited
Beneath my fingers I feel the smooth silky paper.
Somewhere within my head, a poem’s carefully strung.
Then one will be committed to join with the other,
Walking with arms at my back
On corridor of liberty,
Where man's dream was once met,
Wrapped inside a little womb,
Struggling to be free,
The butterfly soon left its cage.
I walked in to a graveyard in the dead of day
Found a marble headstone engraved with your legacy
It read this body was pretty had freedom had money
Freedom freedom freedom
Where is freedom
You are saying
Freedom to love again.
Freedom to try love again without thinking
about the past.
Thinking can never be free
Stems from the conditioning deep in our minds
Cultural...Social...Literary tree
the crescent moon chip of a coffee cup
against your (needlessly)   pursed lips
and suddenly, you taste it-
The night’s darkness falling
On the city of dreams
The drizzle that has been raining
Freedom has turned into an illusion
Just to be an illusion
We have created a desease
In A Desert, The  Wind  Arrived A Teasel.
The Teasel  Asked  Him
How  Can  I  Become  Free  Like  You?
Heart filled with love
Heart filled with fire
To have her one dream
Is there freedom in your marriage?
Or is there bondage bringing woe
Is there freedom in your marriage?
FREEDOM IS..., FREEDOM IS NEVER
Melvin Banggollay
FREEDOM IS:
They tell me
'Freedom is never free.'
I know that-
It is spoken man is born equal and free
To a degree the world disagrees
Some foresee what others cannot see
Who says our freedom is free? Not Me.
True, We are  freer than most, but not enough,
that we should boast.
God's love is unconditional
It is not bound by strings,
He does not give the bird a voice
everyone has choices
you can choose to be good
or bad
(Translated from the French by Edouard Rodti)
My wife with the hair of a wood fire
With the thoughts of heat lightning
Please, don't chastise or stone me,
Or force me into a fiery grave.
Instead, let me present my views freely
Australia's a big country
An' Freedom's humping bluey,
An' Freedom's on the wallaby
Freedom, as every schoolboy knows,
Once shrieked as Kosciusko fell;
On every wind, indeed, that blows
The Freedom
To have my own mind, without others trying to influence me.
The Freedom
he drank wine all night of the
28th, and he kept thinking of her:
the way she walked and talked and loved
All I want is freedom
Is that too much to ask
All I want is freedom
They say I have freedom
I can do what I want
They say I have freedom
Freedom is something
we take at times for granted,
it is only when we have lost it
When does one become many?
When love seeks to own,
and actions take on a purpose.
I set myself free
From the shackles in my heart
To the schackles on my legs
I Am Free
Like Birds
Yet
They told me that I have all the freedom I could ask for
They told me that I had it because I was born in the United States
They told me that I was lucky
What freeman knoweth freedom? Never he
Whose father's father through long lives have reigned
O'er kingdoms which mere heritage attained.
You are freedom
God's freedom child
on every field inside you
If destiny is manifest
and fate is set in stone
then nothing that you'll ever do
Precious like time,
Fragile like a baby.
A dream, a vision, a fantasy,
A! Fredome is a noble thing!
Fredome mays man to haiff liking;
Fredome all solace to man giffis,
What is freedom? Nobody knows.
What do I think is freedom?
Freedom is,
Freedom, oh precious freedom, we ask not why we hold it so dear
we just take it,
for freedom is like a sweet laughter within your soul.
What is freedom?
Are you sure we have it
Most things we see
Dreamlands of passion call my name,
From the abyss of the darkness,
And I am here struggling in vain,
Freedom is not an object
to be purchased from the shops,
it’s not like the giving of
Freedom, that everyone craves for
Freedom of speech; deeds; religion; thoughts,
desires; dreams; love & expression
Whilst your soul dances,
beneath the cradle of heaven's stars,
the tall grass gently caresses
Unseen chains of steely resolute
Bind her to the wings of freedom.
Independant and unknown to
Freedom frees my dictionary
In my brain.. I keep the words
For every thing serious and real
country as free as a bird
born in a free world
you would think i have it all
To all our Soldiers past and present, God Bless
Glory to the American Flag, long may she wave
So many have been covered with her when they've
They caught them.
They were sitting at a table in the kitchen.
It was early.
So many people around me.
The ones I love and the ones I hate.
I have the freedom.
And an orator said, "Speak to us of Freedom."
And he answered:
At the city gate and by your fireside I have seen you prostrate yourself and worship your own freedom,
At last! I breathe...
Freedom...
No more questions in my mind,
We enjoy full freedom in India
Even the cows and bulls are free
Jaipur was witness to this theory
freedom
no choice
as to who i amThere is a funeral today for the remains of a friend
Cremated remains which will be placed in an urn
And sat atop a podium for viewing and prayer
I prefer the gorgeous freedom,
And I fly to lands of grace,
Where in wide and clear meadows
I want my freedom back,
This can't be right,
I'm a democrat!
In search of freedom; how strange,
waves are running away from oceans
and rays are running away from light...
They have brought Saddam to justice and handed freedom back
Or at least that is what you tell me to the people of Iraq
But i always thought that freedom included freedom to live free of fear
There's a free in freedom
a dominate in dom
dominate implies ownership
For those who don’t already know
This poem is not going to glow and flow
It lost its freedom years ago
Soldier, Soldier, cries the child
My father is a freedom fighter
He is fighting for me and my family
If ''The truth shall set you free''
then I have earned my wings.
I finally have faced my past...
Those who target and maim and kill civilians are not freedom fighters
We ought to make that one straight
They are only misguided lunatics
Of old sat Freedom on the heights,
The thunders breaking at her feet:
Above her shook the starry lights:
Dachau’s ashes burn my feet
The asphalt smokes under me
Warheads & bayonets stuck
realization
a never-ending vision
the horizon
Responsible Freedom? ?
In love 'Responsible freedom'
is not a choice
The stars of freedom light the skies,
Uncrowned queens of yesteryear,
They were born 'mid shades of royal hue',
i could write volumes
on all i've seen of
desolation and despair
Today the little bird
is let out of his cage.
He doesn't know
'Twas night, and the moonbeams palely fell
On the gloomy walls of a cheerless cell,
Where a captive sought a brief repose
To have the right to dream
and to follow it each day
until some tiny part of it
Travel light a friend once said to me,
'Yeah right' i thought with my big screen TV,
but over the years I've changed my view,
Many look on what constitutes freedom one might say differently
What seems free to you may not seem free to me
To be ruled by your own people to you as freedom does count
when you come
with a knife
I wish to be killed
In absolute oblivion
With nature and the forces of existence
Into play
'Freedom':
an obese woman
at the register,
Different colour
Fishes...
Nicely swimming on
Remembered
A nation born from war, for the “purpose” of establishing freedom
A nation divided in war, in an “attempt” to fulfill the goal of freedom
Freedom, freedom, freedom!
Whose freedom?
My freedom, your freedom, our freedoms;
The gift of freedom, is what one seek,
To search the lands, the seas, the skies.
Just for this gift longed by all.
on some level we all
are aggregations of cells
like prisons
How many noble schemes from goodwill's heart,
how many splendid plans and fine ideas
have foundered, lost their glorious craft and art
A BEST FRIEND-Makes a lunch trade with you even if he doesn't love peanut butter and jelly.
A BEST FRIEND-Notices you standing alone by the fence and invites you to play hockey with the rest of the class.
A BEST FRIEND-Chooses you to go camping with him each summer.
I have a blind Friend
He's called Ronny
Ron's very Clever
There's nane that's blest of human kind,
But the cheerful and the gay, man,
Fal, la, la, &c.
I am haplessly entrenched near a road,
Bogged down by the war's heavy load.
Then as I view the skirmish ahead,
YOUR troubles shrink not, though I feel them less
Here, far away, than when I tarried near;
I even smile old smiles--with listlessness--
no body sleeps naked in
this place, were all sophisticated
monkeys, with ties, books and.
I.
Gone, O gentle heart and true,
Friend of hopes foregone,
He is sleeping, sounding sleeping
In the cold and silent tomb.
He is resting, sweetly resting
I was groping for a friend
in a net of eyes by the tube;
I was looking for a brother
What has friendship got to do in times of need?
A thousand reasons  perhaps for one to see
Someone in collaboration with unlikely times...,
Two friends went to a forest.
One was very much honest,
And the other one was very bad,
A friend is one who is like me,
or is it one who likes me much,
and maybe someone you can touch?
A friend can be a sister,
A friend can be a foe.
My friend is like my sister,
A friend sends her perfumed carriage
And high-bred horses to fetch me.
I decline the invitation of
Shot in a night of impeccable injustice.
Overflowed with torment and forgiveness.
Placed directed towards my head and waiting.
Is this a life, to break thy sleep,
To rise as soon as day doth peep?
To tire thy patient ox or ass
Time does pass us by so very fast,
Only a moment’s pause, dawn is dusk,
But the moments we had will surely last,
652
A Prison gets to be a friend—
Between its Ponderous face
At the highways of woes
a traveller viewed the wind blows,
as he climb up a fearful trail
A shady friend for torrid days
Is easier to find
Than one of higher temperature
There's a gleam of green in an old bottle,
There's a stir of red in the quiet stove,
There's a feeling of snow in the dusk outside --
A true friend is always there for you
A true friend will help you no matter ther problem
A true friend is like a sister, she knows your better, than you know yourself
He laughed and I laughed with him,
He joked and I joked too,
He smiled and took away despair,
A true friend is someone who will always be,
always be there when a friend is in need.
A true friend is someone who will see the
'Be like water, my friend, be like water,
Don’t be rigid; just go with a flow...'
'Be like water' - you asked me. 'Don't hold to me.
I could easily foretell
You had something to tell
As you dropped a stinking bombshell
FEAR not, dear friend, but freely live your days
Though lesser lives should suffer.  Such am I,
A lesser life, that what is his of sky
We meet many people in life,
Some just appear and disappear too
Like pretty butterflies,
Dearly I love a friend; yet a foe I may turn to my profit;
Friends show me that which I can; foes teach me that which I should.Friend, in the desolate time, when your soul is enshrouded in darkness
When, in a deep abyss, memory and feeling die out,
Intellect timidly gropes among shadowy forms and illusions
A FRIEND IS A FRIEND
WELL BEYOND THE END
BECAUSE A FRIEND
He is such a friend I remember
He is lovely and cute light ray
I see him from far and feel sure
Art thou abroad on this stormy night
on thy journey of love, my friend?
The sky groans like one in despair.
A Friend:
One, Who Helps You Get Out Of A Jam
A Partner:
Friend, your white beard sweeps the ground.
Why do you stand, expectant?
Do you hope to see it
Ah, Posthumus!  our years hence fly
And leave no sound:  nor piety,
Or prayers, or vow
I NOW, O friend, whom noiselessly the snows
Settle around, and whose small chamber grows
Dusk as the sloping window takes its load:
205
I should not dare to leave my friend,
Because—because if he should die
509
If anybody's friend be dead
It's sharpest of the theme
If you had a friend strong, simple, true,
Who knew your faults and who understood;
Who believed in the very best of you,
My faithful friend, if you can see
The fruit to grow up, or the tree;
If you can see the colour come
Poor, weak and worthless though I am
I have a rich almighty friend;
Jesus, the Saviour, is His Name;
Pet was never mourned as you,
Purrer of the spotless hue,
Plumy tail, and wistful gaze
In measured verse I'll now rehearse
The charms of lovely Anna:
And, first, her mind is unconfined
My best friend had lots of curls
but wasn’t like the other girls
who stayed dressed up and always clean.
He is my best friend
a pal on who I can depend.
We are always together,
There is a miracle called in friendship
That miracle of friendship brought you
as my dearest friend
Good morning
Get up the bed
Smile to love...
118
My friend attacks my friend!
Oh Battle picturesque!
My friend iudge not me,
Thou seest I iudge not thee:
Betwixt the stirrop and the ground,
My friend iudge not me,
Thou seest I iudge not thee:
Betwixt the stirrop and the ground,
On poemhunter I've found a new friend,
Her comments she'll regularly send,
She's boosted my ego
92
My friend must be a Bird—
Because it flies!
Who will forgive me for the things I do?
With no special legend of God to refer to,
With my calm white pedigree, my yankee kin,
Art thou abroad on this stormy night
on thy journey of love, my friend?
The sky groans like one in despair.
—he's a dandy
—small moustache
—usually sucking on a cigar
My friend tree
I sawed you down
but I must attend
My groom and friend came from afar.
I kiss your feet!
He drew his circle around me.
My friend, Sherla, was hard to see
for Mom and Dad, not me.
My imaginary friend was all I had.
Sitting front of my computer
and waiting for your mails
When ever I hear from you
My most Distinguished Guest and Learned Friend,
The pallid hare that runs before the day
Having brought your earnest counsels to an end
When Faith and Love, which parted from thee never,
Had ripened thy just soul to dwell with God,
Meekly thou didst resign this earthly load
Children are like buds of flowers.
Nourish them with good thoughts,
Feed them on quality education,
Sister, Friend, Why!
Sister, friend, you are so beautiful.
Why do you let him put you down?
Your words, my friend, (right healthful caustics) blame
My young mind marr'd, whom Love doth windlass so,
That mine own writings like bad servants show
We talk of taxes, and I call you friend;
Well, such you are,—but well enough we know
How thick about us root, how rankly grow
AH! think no more that Life's delusive joys,
Can charm my thoughts from FRIENDSHIP'S dearer claim;
Or wound a heart, that scarce a wish employs,
Blue mountains to the north of the walls,
White river winding about them;
Here we must make separation
Blue mountains lie beyond the north wall;
Round the city's eastern side flows the white water.
Here we part, friend, once forever.
Now shall I walk
Or shall I ride?
"Ride", Pleasure said;
The death of a friend
I try to be brave
But I can't stop the tears
We sat across the table.
he said, cut off your hands.
they are always poking at things.
The people take the thing of course,
They marvel not to see
This strange, unnatural divorce
THOUGH you are in your shining days,
Voices among the crowd
And new friends busy with your praise,
In this evil year, autumn comes early...
I walk by night in the field, alone, the rain clatters,
The wind on my hat...And you? And you, my friend?
You know there is not much
that I desire, a few chrysanthemums
half lying on the grass, yellow
Today, because I couldn't find the shortcut through,
I had to walk this town's entire inner
perimeter to find
So long you wandered on the dusky plain,
Where flit the shadows with their endless cry,
You reach the shore where all the world goes by,
I ask but one thing of you, only one,
That always you will be my dream of you;
That never shall I wake to find untrue
Who prop, thou ask'st in these bad days, my mind?--
He much, the old man, who, clearest-souled of men,
Saw The Wide Prospect, and the Asian Fen,
Well, Lizzie Anderson! seventeen men--and
the baby hard to find a father for!
What will the good Father in Heaven say
As late I rambled in the happy fields,
What time the skylark shakes the tremulous dew
From his lush clover covert;—when anew
NOW all the truth is out,
Be secret and take defeat
From any brazen throat,
God knows it, I am with you. If to prize
Those virtues, priz'd and practis'd by too few,
But priz'd, but lov'd, but eminent in you,
I.
Chloe, behold! againe I bowe:
Againe possest, againe I woe;
If music and sweet poetry agree,
As they must needs (the sister and the brother),
Then must the love be great 'twixt thee and me,
For brave comportment, wit without offence,
Words fully flowing, yet of influence:
Thou art that man of men, the man alone,
Sir,
Our times are much degenerate from those
Which your sweet muse with your fair fortune chose,
Since shed or cottage I have none,
I sing the more, that thou hast one;
To whose glad threshold, and free door
Sit further, and make room for thine own fame,
Where just desert enrolles thy honour'd Name
The good Interpreter. Some in this task
Well then; the promis'd hour is come at last;
The present age of wit obscures the past:
Strong were our sires; and as they fought they writ,
The longest tyranny that ever sway'd
Was that wherein our ancestors betray'd
Their free-born reason to the Stagirite,
A friend
What makes a friend?
A friend
SIMPLE VS. REAL
Let me identify...
Simple friends have never seen you cry. Real friends are on standby.
Everybody needs friends, we all have friends
Some friends are closer to us than our families
If we happen to fall, there are friends to pick us up
Here is paper, pen, and inke,
That your heart and seale may sinke
Into such markes as may expresse
You smile upon your friend to-day,
To-day his ills are over;
You hearken to the lover's say,
If I were to live my life
in catfish forms
in scaffolds of skin and whiskers
Acquaintances are many but friends are very rare
For with a true and trusting friend your secrets you can share
Your friend will comfort you and advise you and you will not betray
The great, green gob
was opened wide
and a wriggling worm
A frog, beautiful greenish mixed color
While in search of its food trapped in a pipe
A drainage pipe for easy flow of rain
A tiny frog on a lili-pad,
Was so depressed she felt so sad.
She wrung her hands and racked her brain,
froggy went courting
on a sultry summer day
the flowers wiltedThere stands upon a leaf,
A tiny frog,
With yellow skin,
A frog walked into a bank for a loan
She was making some improvements at home
She was sent to Miss Patty Stack
Of the complexities of Nature how can one explain
Who can tell of the workings of the amphibian's brain
Why he often does sing in the wind and the rain
A huge frog and I,
staring at each other,
neither of us moves.
A little Frog could well be
A beating Frog in camouflage
A jumping Frog cold, scary
I walked in to the marshes sad
And spotted him there on the lilly pad
He sat there, so very tiny
However much learned we are,
However big our possessions are,
However large the kingdom we rule,
An old frog
Once I was a human,
Now i am a frog sitting on the edge of a pond,
I like both
Balloon and frog.
My inspiration,
You reminded me
of the first ever FROG
I dissected
The Corroboree frog I be,
A hopping the land down under.
Black with yellow splotches on me.
I've eaten frogs before,
And I must say it's true:
They taste a lot like chicken.
Dry out frog, so dead so flat
been run-over more than trice
no more flesh, no more stench
How dare you
approach me,
Dear frog!
The finch trills in the apple tree
His: Tiriliree!
A frog climbs slowly up to him,
Frog swimming
To try for fly...
Fish was asking frog
Freddy was once a toad
He hopped too often in the road
Along came a car
F-reely living liking animal eats harmful insects in farmers' land
R-uns, jumps, swims in the water of lake, canal, pond;
O-bnoxious humans are but great threat to it
Summer grows old, cold-blooded mother.
The insects are scant, skinny.
In these palustral homes we only
And then a frog sang before the bog in that late afternoon.
All of a sudden,  its first loud song struck my ear, deaf for nature
that day in particular.
Frog-dance,
Let me see
the frog-dance
All I want to be
is a little green frog
Hoping in a pool
When we croak,
were dead,
on the other hand,
moonlit pond...
a frog penetrates
itself
There once was a handsome green frog
who  resided  inside an old log.
He had cut two small vents
Can not imagine
The length and breadth
Of the gigantic ocean.
The fairy tale says,
that every time you kiss
a frog or is it a toad,
A multi-storey frog menage a trois
(Erotic reptilian sandwich)
Squats on the sand,
Every frog must croak
That is no joke
Agile is the lowly frog
France and China feed from your demise,
Restaurateurs are not exactly chums,
Oh how they rave about your tender thighs!
frog pond...
I jump over
the spring sun
look at the frog so small and cute
top to tail in his green suite
never dry not always wet
Sun of an obnoxious quarry as we seem
To be laughing—
Open throated frog princes all of the way
A small and green but drunken frog
sat in the evening on his log.
He contemplated there on life
Frogs are green
like chlorophyll
their eyes bulge out at you
A frog
Is gifted with
A loud baritone
Away from old pond
leaps olympic longjump frog
squelching sounds beyond.Frog resting on a
Lily pad in quiet pond—
Floating right along.The frog- on the arm
Of the balance! How to weigh-
Please tell me the way.
Moonlit night and
A moonlit pond, a frog riddled
with emotionsthe frog and I
exchange glances
both motionless
Hopping frog, hop here and be seen,
I'll not pelt you with stick or stone:
Your cap is laced and your coat is green;
I fell in love with a frog,
who was sitting alone on the banks of the Nile,
mooning over the premature decease of his beautiful wife.
Frog,
I hate you.
You don't deserve to live
joining me
in a bath
bathroom frog
An island frog, the humans say
How does such a residence be?
Salt water eats frog skin away.
On his throne log
in kingdom bog
shrouded by fog
Frog in well defined as knowledge confined,
Come out of it with knowledge refined,
May be areas used so compact and defined,
I am called a leaf frog - guess why!
Yep - cuz I blend in like a leaf,
Waiting for a snack to come by,
Goodness gracious could it be true
Prince Charming, is it really you
She leaps up, over frogs forever
Man prides himself with intelligence
Human Logic rationalizing,
But what he really lacks is Patience
When speaking
this orator sounds
like a frogThis frog was partying and left rather late
In the darkness his home he could not locate
Spotted a bat flying in the air
This snake was eyeing a frog for his lunch
They struck at each other with a crunch
It was a stand off
Evening shower pours down heavily
Rain water falls like a torrent, overflowing everywhere.
The automatic night light just turned on outside my house.
A tiny Costa Rica frog
was caught in heavy rains
He hops around to get away
Mary had a little frog
And it was water-soaked,
But Mary did not keep it long
He was meditating on a lotus,
Eyes half closed breathing slowly.
Dawn was falling through a sieve,
If a common noun is made adjective
And noun is faithful and very active
Faithful friend since time immemorial,
I am
A piece of paper, creased with folds;
The jumping brother of all the tadpoles.
Phileas the frog was awfully large -
To see the muscle in his thighs -
A sight bedazzling to your eyes!
The frog proclaims unabashedly
Within hearing of everyone
He brags that he has paid his dues
When the rain pattered
The frog started croaking
The monkey on the tree warned
The croaking toad and the leopard frog,
Were drinking beer on a hollow log.
And the croaking toad said, you're my best bud,
The Dog, the Frog, and the Hog
All met while jogging in fog.
‘Twas quite coincidental,
She let her golden ball fall down the well
And begged a cold frog to retrieve it;
For which she kissed his ugly, gaping mouth -
Once upon a time a frog
Croaked away in Bingle Bog
Every night from dusk to dawn
You've probably heard the story of the scorpion who asked the frog
to help him cross the river by giving him a lift on the frog's back.
The frog refused but finally gave in after the scorpion promised he would not sting the frog, but he ultimately did.
A frog and a tarantula is an unusual pair,
In a hole up a tree they're happy to share.
The dotted humming frog has poisonous skin,
Come, said the frog to the toad,
let us hop down to the pond,
at the end of the road.
'Welcome to this well,
My friend, please tell
How big is your sea-well? '
Jacques the chef ordered it
The livestock removed bit by bit
My pond has been drained
There once was a frog,
Who sat on a log,
And didn't know what to do.
Leap frog,
Jump frog,
Everywhere you go frog,
What a wonderful bird the frog are!
When he stands he sit almost;
When he hop he fly almost.
Be kind and tender to the Frog,
And do not call him names,
As 'Slimy skin,' or 'Polly-wog,'
I heard a strange noise, very loud
Between the high shinning grass
Which looked like a very tall crowd
Comes to mind as another small
upheaval
amongst the rubble.
Week after week it shrank and shrank
as the fierce drought fiend drank and drank,
till on the bone-dry bed revealed
Frau Doktor,
Mama Brundig,
take out your contacts,
As I was walking through the wood
One warm and sunny summer day,
I chanced upon a  lovely sight
New hills in the Septembers the houses get out
Their drinking glasses to remember—
Trying to forget that they never kissed their husbands
Is the life lived of a belching frog,
More important than the one...
Sitting quietly on a lily pad,
a frog
who is never given the pond
that he deserves
When I was a kid
I caught a poison dart frog;
Its skin was golden!Roses are red
Violets are blue
I send yoiu these flowers
I 'd like to speak, told me a frog
about this shadow in the fog
this shadow that is following us
By day, this well-contented frog
Has made his home on yonder log,
Nipping at flies with rounded ribbit-
Three men I saw beside a bar,
Regarding o'er their bottle,
A frog who smoked a rank cigar
Cobra sings in Swahili 'What a beautiful creature are you? This world is so vast and you stuck in a deep well for nothing, come out honey in a rainy day.'
'Though I am a huge reptile my heart is very soft sweetheart and I can teach you a knot when you hide in my bosom.' Python boasts.
'I may be a venomous serpent but I never sting your heart my darling.'
toad frog and their little son tadpole
were so happy pleased and proud
when their home in the far swamp
The frog by nature is both damp and cold,
Her mouth is large, her belly much will hold;
She sits somewhat ascending, loves to be
The old watch: their
thick eyes
puff and foreclose by the moon.The young, heads
I have a pet frog
We go frog walking every day at 6pm
He is fine until he sees another frog
I can see that
water frog
In a pondFrogs sing lullaby
Noise whacking the rainy night
Inspiration snooze(In memory of Stephen (Reggie)   Pearce
of Kilnsea,1980–2005)
The wind blows cold through the churchyard trees
Pale, at its ghastly noon,
Pauses above the death-still wood--the moon;
The night-sprite, sighing, through the dim air stirs;
i carefully place
myself on the pyre of
dreams that desert me
Early darkness; as oil we drip on tarmac,
a gathering in black fallen from the sky.
With lemon faces we shadow the next.
Through airy roads he wings his instant flight
To purer regions of celestial light;
Enlarg'd he sees unnumber'd systems roll,
Destitute in my thoughts,
I found myself removed that day.
There he was,
I can see all things now.
I can see so many tears.
I can see so much pain, In so many faces.
WITH steady march across the daisy meadow,
And by the churchyard wall we go;
But leave behind, beneath the linden shadow,
Let us begin and carry up this corpse,
Singing together.
Leave we the common crofts, the vulgar thorpes
From the slow march and muffled drum,
And crowds distrest,
And book and bell, at length I have come
I often tell my beloved,
Please adorn me with beautiful,
Jasmine flowers.
26/10/10 a poets funeral
On a very humid Tuesday morning
A cavalcade of cars slowly move by
The time has not come before
And this is new.
The light is opening for the day
They have arrived again my friend!
To be with us again
To claim bond of relations with the deceased
After the funeral, mule praises, brays,
Windshake of sailshaped ears, muffle-toed tap
Tap happily of one peg in the thick
Give us, God, to Thee now turning,
Fullness of joy, tears full and burning,
Of will the full refining fire!
I loved her too, this woman who is dead.
Look in my face. I have a right to go
And see the place where you have made her bed
[One of the Bearers Soliloquizes:]
. . . Room in your heart for him, O Mother Earth,
Who loved each flower and leaf that made you fair,
February 2, 1901
Her sacred body bear: the tenement
Of that strong soul now ranked with God's Elect
You won't believe this, rightfully so, you'll think it’s not true
but a person will do anything, when he starts losing his screw
I didn't feel that any one loved me, so I devised one day
AWAY with funeral music - set
The pipe to powerful lips -
The cup of life's for him that drinks
Well, come to the new years ball,
have a fun time celebratin' the funeral of 1999...
'twas a heckofatic time, slime, mime, a promise of a better time, asses worked to the tale bone, pockets vacant, awaiting the lotaree of hopeless winnings spent of dreamin' losers, enjoyin' the pitance of a security, socialized, Roosevelts scam of the century, leaves old tired farts with no more to live on than scrounging snails in a garden of tumbleweeds, BUTT! there's still soap, water and free sunshine,9huntread and 9ty bucks for $1.99Ct sneakers of the 30's, no nice Jewish bred boy would ever wear a painter's dung-agree blue ripped pants, Levis, ?
Forty body bags thrown atop with each other
Labeled for cremation
Among them were women, men, children, fathers, mothers, sister and brothers
By his side, whose days are past,
Lay bow and quiver!
And his eyes that stare aghast
BY his side, whose days are past,
Lay bow and quiver!
And his eyes that stare aghast
Make my funeral happy when my life as gone
Dress in rainbow colours nothing dark and drab
Smile though your hearts are aching
Michael Jackson's 'SMILE' played, as the coffin entered everyone stood tall
Mum's poem was read and felt by all
The Mourners were smiling at the photo's of Mum
MADAM—
That I might make your cabinet my tomb,
And for my fame, which I love next my soul,
The coffin as I past across the lane
Came sudden on my view. It was not here,
A sight of every day, as in the streets
I thought if I took the flowers home
Flowers from a funeral
For a friend
I am standing at your funeral
Ready to say good bye
I am standing here
A day to say I am sorry
A day to say I love you
A day filled with unending feelings
There was a dead bird on the grass,
Next to the sidewalk.
It's life had fled, somewhere up high,
It's the one thing I can't rehearse
The final act where I have no lines
Or watch the audience in the isles
Dust unto dust,
To this all must;
The tenant hath resign'd
march my soldiers march!
today is that day
feel like its you who died
William de la Pole, Duke of Suffolk: beheaded 1450
John Tiptoft, Earl of Worcester: beheaded 1470
Anthony Woodville, Earl Rivers: beheaded 1483
Three years ago, I passed a little church
While I walked on my way
Sorrow rang out from the steeple bells
I saw a long funeral
a dead ant being carried
in a long queue.
XiaoKang Ma
Section 1
Sadness falls as a meteor
Funeral Of Century（2）
LOL. I hope my english will be better than in (1) .
East coast, Tsunami rushed like wolves
The day that YOUTH had died,
There came to his grave-side,
In decent mourning, from the country's ends,
The death, end of the life journey
But not the end itself
The joining of self to the universe
It was first experience
I had to attend funeral procession at once
Someone had died due to heart attack
men in black,
women also.
I've seen them a couple of times
I want to have my funeral
But first I need to die
But not an ordinary death
So tonight I will toast at your funeral.
Because we knew this wouldn’t end well.
Lately I’ve began to look and see.
at this T-junction
black ants file in unison
to pay their respects
Around Sebago's lonely lake
There lingers not a breeze to break
The mirror which its waters make.
I attended mass at church this morning
This was a funeral mass for Mr Jim.
He was blessed with excellent longevity.
I
I saw a slowly-stepping train --
Lined on the brows, scoop-eyed and bent and hoar --
A WAIL was heard around the bed, the death-bed of the young,
Amidst her tears the Funeral Chant a mournful mother sung.
-'Ianthis! dost thou sleep?-Thou sleep'st!-but this is not the rest,
Bright day of autumn, springing
Morning dews thin out, how pleasant it
Is to make last journey…….APRIL 29, 1874
SUNG BY MALE VOICES TO A NATIONAL AIR OF HOLLAND
ONCE more, ye sacred towers,
I felt a Funeral, in my Brain,
And Mourners to and fro
Kept treading--treading--till it seemed
Eighty years of life
on this Earth
Was it worth?
Lilacs at my funeral
Lilacs when I’m dead
Lilacs in my coffin
And now the bell, - the bell
She had so often heard by night and day
And listened to with solemn pleasure,
The death of Duryodhan concludes the war, and it is followed by
the lament of women and the funerals of the deceased warriors.
I
It has been fun,
she says at last.
Pure shock spreads
My Funeral Pen writes for me
All of these words that set me free
The pen that I shared for  Mourners to sign
Darkness encompasses my space
My future seen bleak, feral beasts hide
Not even a glow worm to throw light
Death
could be full of surprises.
I'm not Irish; but if you were to do
Night funeral
In Harlem:
Where did they get
The castle clock had tolled midnight:
With mattock and with spade,
And silent, by the torches' light,
I
Under the Great Comedian's tomb the crowd.
A bundle of tempestuous cloud is blown
I attended the funeral of your dear one.
I heard your loud sobbing and screaming
As the coffin of your deceased husband
They bear him to his resting-place—
In slow procession sweeping by;
I follow at a stranger’s space;
No drums, no marching and no bugles,
Not much crowd as expected
Only few relatives behind the anthill.
Fair is thy site, Sorrento, green thy shore,
Black crags behind thee pierce the clear blue skies;
The sea, whose borderers ruled the world of yore,
They said you needed surgery.
You said ''There's business I must do.''
I drove you to the funeral home.
And there we stood, the family,
foremost in black and closed off faces.
Then sevenhundred folks from town,
"Yes," said the sister with the little pinched face,
The busy little sister with the funny little tract: —
"This is the climax, the grand fifth act.
The funeral bell is ringing a reminder of our mortality
Farewelling a deceased soul one day 'twill ring for me
Ringing in the stillness of this cool Autumn day
A GLORIOUS voice hath ceased!-
Mournfully, reverently-the funeral chant
Breathe reverently! There is a dreamy sound,
Zeus mourns deeply:
Patroklos has killed Sarpedon.
Now Patroklos and the Achaians rush on
Ye sons of Germany, your noble Emperor William now is dead.
Who oft great armies to battle hath led;
He was a man beloved by his subjects all,
'Twas in the year of 1888, and on the 19th of November,
Which the friends of the late Ex-Provost Rough will long remember,
Because 'twas on the 19th of November his soul took its flight
Alas! Prince Henry of Battenberg is dead!
And, I hope, has gone to heaven, its streets to tread,
And to sing with God's saints above,
The Day that
Youth
had died,
Silver handles on a casket of steel
Reflecting sunlight...cold and unreal...
Sinking deep into hallowed ground
Hushed phone calls litter the day, and
Arouse my curiosity. Mum looks tired.
Dad looks sad.
MARK you not yon sad procession;
'Mid the ruin'd abbey's gloom,
Hastening to the worm's possession,
Weasel words
with easy starts
are not the first
He showed me to a room
With dimmed lights and
Soft, soulful music.
The funeral procession drove past my house
I bowed my head and I was quite as a mouse,
In a solemn prayer I gave to the sadly departed
The Rose was sick, and smiling died;
And, being to be sanctified,
About the bed, there sighing stood
Eight Parts of Speech this Day wear Mourning Gowns
Declin'd Verbs, Pronouns, Participles, Nouns.
And not declined, Adverbs and Conjunctions,
She collected the deceased from the mortuary
She washed the body down seeing the body peacefully free
Then she dressed the body in what 'The family' had chose
Then died, lamented, in the strength of life,
A valued mother, and a faithful wife:
Call'd not away, when time had loosed each hold
Ye sigh not when the sun, his course fulfilled,
His glorious course, rejoicing earth and sky,
In the soft evening, when the winds are stilled,
What! and not one to heave the pious sigh!
Not one whose sorrow-swoln and aching eye
For social scenes, for life's endearments fled,
The muffled drum rolled on the air,
Warriors, with stately step, were there;
On every arm was the black crape bound,
I.
Thus long my grief has kept me dumb:
Sure there's a lethargy in mighty woe,
Рояль, будильник, телефон
Заткнутся  к черту.
Псу сахарную косточку кидай.
18th November 1852
“VICTORY!”
So once more the cry must be.
sitting alone with nowhere to go
ignoring the static from the radio
that interrupts my favorite song
Thou too art dead, ---! very kind
Hast thou been to me in my childish days,
Thou best good creature. I have not forgot
You told me the song to play at your funeral
As if I can think that far ahead
I haven't even held your hand
uncle john badly wants
to be the president  of
the United States
big smile
finger wags at sister
bath drains
i get a funny feeling
it comes for deep in side
i get all mad and angry
Taking my little concerns and miniature
plans too seriously instead of laughing
at myself, telling all with shiny eyes of
Beautifully
you enter the room
Everyone turns
Oldie is dreamy
Really it is funny
Sun may not have remained sunny
all the money
to the last penny
was found to be proxy
Welcome to the Colosseum
Where pain is pleasure and it is our pleasure to be of service
Lay back on the rack
There once was a sister,
who loved to kiss her mister.
Til' one day she came home,
In the good old system,
It was the usual custom,
Where teachers lived,
adria moya, hmm you do not like your name to be written in the poem
the problem with me is that
i am hardheaded and i am the kind of boy who does what mother
Damn the skirt that had me fell.
Never drool at bawdy damsels,
have a way with magic spells.
Its simply the best.
Chemistry's betther than all the rest
Cause Mrs Rowen treats us the best.
Na Chmistry hoti na main Student hota
Na yeah Lab hoti Na Yeah Accident Hota
Abhi Practical main ayee nazar Ek Larki
I didn't chop my fingers.
They're just short and pink and fat.
I didn't chop my fingers
Down on the Funny Farm
where some say I was born
where laughter is the key
sometimes busy is good usually
I have very busy been recently
busy exposing my funny side
hei, hei, hei, hei,
heih, heih, heih, heih,
who says one, is only one?
I need to ask a question
While I'm sitting here alone
Why on earth did someone name
I didn't write this poem, but think its AWESOME! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Its funny how hello is always followed with goodbye,
Its funny how good memories can make you want to cry,
it's funny how hello is always accompanied with goodbye
it's funny how good memories can start to make you cry
it's funny how forever never seems to last
Funny am I
How at this point of my life
That I'll ever see such as these
Its funny how hello is alway accompanied with goodbye,
Its funny how good memories can start to make you cry.
Its funny how forever never really seems to last,
exhaustion fell on this dread,
like mold on these piano keys,
it stunk up the place, still i had
Sisters and brothers you belong together
Although you pray, mostly you play
To teach, to reach, to fetch one another
Once, there was a white cat
Who was really, really fat
So fat
I used to complain
About my big funny looking feet
And a friend said,
I bought a piece yesternight
A shining paperweight
I floated it in water
Friend
You and I are friends
You laugh, I laugh
Would you like life to be a movie?
Which film would you choose?
Which character would you play?
It is funny, isn't it,
how fast one can go
from joy to sorrow
Ball on
Ground...
Kick and play
Happy Morning kids, I said
Monday morning sir, they giggled
I too smiled saying good one
Were born, work hard at school, then work
hard for a family. Everything is right or
just about right, then death reaps. Makes
There once was a man named Guss
He really wanted to be famous
So he took off his clothes
He told us funny Jokes and entertained us when we felt down almost in Tears
Funny men
Knows how to bring our spirits up
I want to untwine
my youthful body aches
more pills make it go away
grassy fields full of frisbees
and dogs, mom and dad
sitting together on a bench
Sometimes you get laugh
For something that really funny
Sometimes you could laugh
we have friends who during a
party ask us
where have we been all these times
▒ ▒ ▒ ▒ ▒ ▒ ▒ ▒ ▒ ▒ ▒ ▒ ▒ ▒
Scratch here to read the poem.: DWhen you are in love
And you get abit older
You wish you were forever young
Funny you should say,
That the world is spining,
Funny you should say,
Funny is laughter
Funny is fun
Funny is healthy
It's funny how hello is always accompanied with goodbye
It's funny how good memories can start to make you cry
It's funny how forever never seems to really last
It's funny how
You make me cry,
Make me feel
It's funny how you said you loved me, then you left me for someone else.
It's funny how you would talk to me as often as possible, and now you completely ignore me.
It's Funny how whenever I was with you I always felt like I was special, But now I feel like a fool for wasting my time on you.
Here we go, another spell,
tell me can you smell the smell?
bats feet rubarub, salt and gum
There are many funny things
that people take with them,
when they are desperate,
The other day
I woke up feeling low
I tried not to think about you
Funny things that happen quite often to me,
Like going shopping for slippers, and come home without;
Or go out in a tshirt, but find it's back to front I see,
She had been a late and only child to parents
already old and set; none of us had ever
wanted to go inside that hushed house
Believe me, I run from dying
I know, it's so dumb, but funny trying
WAR, around me everywhere
Funny how the very ones who
say they carry the light, also
bear the responsibility for causing
345
Funny—to be a Century—
And see the People—going by—
GOD MADE STEAK
GOD MADE SNAKES
GOD YOU MADE ALOT OF MISTAKES
People say there is nothing funnier then laughter
You can even chuckle some long hours after
You laugh at what is sometimes seen
How funny it would be if dreamy I
Should leave one book behind me when I die
And that a book of Law—this silly thing
How to make you funny?
And you are always funny,
You hide it and
i am funny
i cry upon hearing the pleas
of the goats
I find it kinda funny
I find it kinda sad
The dreams in which I'm dying
I had a funny dream,
about a marshmallow ball...
he made me so giggley,
I am fuuny
thats who am i
I am funny
In the butterfly
Where's the butter in the fly?
And in the better-half
Many people are involved in a so-called monetary unjust,
With a hoop and a holler, turning a minor into a major fuss,
So, the newest one dollar coin is missing, “In God We Trust, ”
Isn’t it funny how all of a sudden you care
But when we were together you were never there
Isn’t it funny how to make me jealous you’re with her
Isn't it funny
when people flick their hair and look
down at you, snickering?
Think about it
Isn't it funny?
The world we are living in is just a dream
isn't it funny,
how the world likes to be?
isn't it funny,
Its funny how hello is always accompanied with good-bye
Its funny how remembering good memories can make you cry
Its funny how forever never seems to really last
Its Funny...
When im happy I have a bad day
Its Funnny,
It's funny how the ones who show you the most love,
Are often the ones who say it the least
It's funny how the ones who tell you they love you the most,
it's funny how hello is always finished with goodbye
it's funny how good memories can make you cry
it's funny how forever never seems to last
You broke my heart
So many times
Was he sweeter?
I had a little puppy dog,
He was Jully the funny dog,
He did walk and sleep and run with me,
For two lovebirds, I met a Stratford on Avon
With the first initials D & T
They know who they are.
Santa goes into his son`s room to wish him goodnight. His son is having a nightmare - Santa wakes him and asks his son if he is OK? The son replies he is scared because he dreamt that his aunt had died. Santa assures the son that Auntie is fine and sends him to bed.
The next day, Auntie dies. One week later, Santa again goes into his son`s room to wish him goodnight. His son is having another nightmare - Santa again wakes his son. The son this time says that he had dreamt that his grandmother had died. The father assures the son that she is fine and sends him to bed.
The next day, grandmother dies. One week later, Santa again goes into his son`s room to wish him goodnight. His son is having another nightmare, he again wakes his son. The son this time says that he had dreamt that his daddy had died. The father assures the son that he is OK and sends the boy to bed.
I do not believe in money
I believe not in money money funny
the misuse of money so ugly
There once was an old Irish Setter,
So ugly that no one would pet her,
Then one day she was struck
'Love in vain? '
she whispers to herself.
Laughs.
My daddy’s so funny; always making me laugh
But, he’s the best daddy anybody could have
Every time he comes around he has something funny to say
Love makes many lose temper
Others get hurt
Some even cry and forget about their existence
The storm seemed
to run out of breath
rested on a roof a bit
It's not funny when
you laugh and call
me names
It is not only funny
But very astonishing and clumsy
We all know about the holiness of boobs
I'm thinking of something Funny
And it looks a little Runny
I suppose it could be from someone's Nose
Tears come in funny places
when you least expect them too.
All of a sudden the eyes well up
A server was a man with drinks
A Notebook was where you write
A click was done with fingers
'Twas a Funny Little Fellow
Of the very purest type,
For he had a heart as mellow
why do popes wear funny little hats
litlle and round
not to mention funny
You used to say
'Dreams never comes true'
You used to think
Oxymorons are 2 contradicting words,
Now tell me, isn't that absurd?
An example of this is virtual reality,
Isn't life funny sometimes?
The ups, the downs,
The smiles, the frowns
he's been waiting for this his whole life...
he's wanted her for a long time...
he's finally going to lose his virginity...
Past times are strange
Sometimes funny
Sometimes sad
When olive branch, we show the world,
They think, our weakened stage has come,
And treat us worse than ev’n before!
Something's wrong with me
Or them
I'm talking the men and women
an unceasing  flush
a toddler waving bye-bye,
to toilet papersabbreviation
Big Unexpected Nose cut
they call it a BUNSeems everyone just hates to see me change
But my brain feels maimed with no ambition of fame
Just money and its funny all I want is that and my honey
With two white roses on her breasts,
White candles at head and feet,
Dark Madonna of the grave she rests;
The plums tasted
sweet to the unlettered desert-tribe girl-
but what manners! To chew into each! She was ungainly,
THAT crazed girl improvising her music.
Her poetry, dancing upon the shore,
Her soul in division from itself
a girl named hate
stood at heavens gate
just wishing to be let in
The tree has entered my hands,
The sap has ascended my arms,
The tree has grown in my breast -
A girl sang a song in the temple's chorus,
About men, tired in alien lands,
About the ships that left native shores,
Deserted by love
In the summertime,
I walk by the river
One Sunday morning I hurried on my way
And I arrived at my church ready to worship and pray
Then I saw a girl with blue-green hair
Wow! I would love a girl,
a girl who is an individual,
who doesn’t just fall in the crowd,
I may not weep, not weep, and he is dead.
A weary, weary weight of tears unshed
Through the long day in my sad heart I bear;
Listen, and when thy hand this paper presses,
O time-worn woman, think of her who blesses
What thy thin fingers touch, with her caresses.
Abandoned to sadistic streets,
A school room of sullen tears,
A little girl lost beneath
Children of the future age,
Reading this indignant page,
Know that in a former time
She was weeping when we met
Outside a party store
Where the lonely purchase their wine;
I quietly walk immense, lonely streets
And think of a sullen girl
Whose eyes were always
Go, go, my naughty girl, and kiss
Your little sister dear;
I must not have such things as this,
No one worth possessing
Can be quite possessed;
Lay that on your heart,
Praise the spells and bless the charms,
I found April in my arms.
April golden, April cloudy,
"She's pretty to walk with,
And witty to talk with,
And pleasant, too, to think on."
A wonderful joy our eyes to bless,
In her magnificent comeliness,
Is an English girl of eleven stone two,
Dark eyes accented by black hair,
she is an Asian girl
that happens to be
Some say I may just be
Stretching my wings.
“Oh don’t worry, she’s just
Dark clouds had just burst into rain,
I was alone, travelling in the train.
It was just beginning to gain speed,
I need a combat-ready girl
Who knows that the world
Is callous and cold,
On this rolling planet ever have you seen
A home so like a palace waiting for its queen? --
A dwelling place so fair,
your screaming while she sits there.
I bet you dont know that shes soaking it all in.
Shes switching parents every week or so..
Thank you--she is my friend
It's a rare positive
She cares like a sister would
As the young woman remembers her childhood
She begins to cry,
Remembering how much she loved her father.
Always in my mind
I can see my daddy's face
As he took me in his arms
One day,
Dogs will laugh
In the streets,
Her hero's gone away,
Will he come back another day?
She could not say.
You will come one day in a waver of love,
Tender as dew, impetuous as rain,
The tan of the sun will be on your skin,
Flavius, unless your delights
were tasteless and inelegant,
you’d want to tell, and couldn’t be silent.
My sweet little girl should be cheerful and mild
She must not be fretful and cry!
Oh! why is this passion? remember, my child,
It’s holiday time on the hollyhock hills,
And I wish you would come with me laddie-love, now,
The butterfly-bells, from the Folly-fool rills,
They intend to send a wire
To the moon;
And they'll set the Thames on fire
Sunday, I am eating a
grapefruit, church is over at the Russian
Orthadox to the
Alone in that desolate cemetery
Not a single soul around
Near the grave with a marble angel
That's my window. This minute
So gently did I alight
From sleep--was still floating in it.
Girl, why don't you dry those tears
You have so much to live for
Things will not always be like this
Girl, when I look at your eyes
I see all of your genuine charms
I want to give you my everything
Go girl you're in the business world now;
you have a career, children, and a husband. You've come a long way girl—from woman suffrage.
You can be head of house girl—and
Now, money was scarce and work was slack
And love to his heart Crept in,
And he rode away on the Northern track
Varus drags me into his affairs
out of the Forum, where I’m seen idling:
to a little whore I immediately saw,
DEDICATED TO LUCY BATES
(Being a reminiscence of certain private theatricals.)
Oh, cabaret dancer,
Ah, she was music in herself,
A symphony of joyousness.
She sang, she sang from finger tips,
576
I prayed, at first, a little Girl,
Because they told me to—
I see the girl of innocence
that you at one time were.
You have to take your life back.
I was that girl...in the shadows
of an ever-dying love.
I was that girl...searching for God
I'm just a girl, a hopeless case.
Living in the world a familier place.
I'm just a girl, with tears in her eyes.
You subjected her to a night of hell
Hey! Did you know?
She was just a little girl
Little girl don't you cry, everything will be ok
Little girl confide in me, I'll make your fears go away
Little girl don't lose faith, one day you will be free
In a world of barbies, implants and a size 26 waist
heartache's no more prevalent than in her with a beautiful face.
No more wanted for her looks than her heart
I've seen you many times in many places--
Theater, bus, train, or on the street;
Smiling in spring rain, in winter sleet,
Only a dancing girl,
With an unromantic style,
With borrowed colour and curl,
1     Our hired girl, she's 'Lizabuth Ann;
2       An' she can cook best things to eat!
3     She ist puts dough in our pie-pan,
The poor young girl
with beach blonde hair
and pale white skin
YOU just maturing youth! You male or female!
Remember the organic compact of These States,
Remember the pledge of the Old Thirteen thenceforward to the rights,
I would liken you
To a night without stars
Were it not for your eyes.
Her lips' remark was: "Oh, you kid!"
Her soul spoke thus (I know it did):
"O king of realms of endless joy,
Cabbage tree, cabbage tree, what is the matter?
Why are you shaking so?  Why do you chatter?
Because it is just a white baby you see,
Sparrow, the special delight of my girl,
whom often she teases and holds on her lap
and pokes with the tip of her finger, provoking
My eyes first caught her across the street
She looked like someone I'd fancy to meet
She was wearing a long violet dress
You’re the sweetest girl I ever met
Beautiful eyes like a rising sunset
A face as stunning as an angels glow
That pretty girl--
munching and rustling
the wrapped-up rice cake.
Kind Christians, pray list to me,
And I'll relate a sad story,
Concerning a little blind girl, only nine years of age,
So you rode from the range where your brothers “select,”
Through the ghostly grey bush in the dawn---
You rode slowly at first, lest her heart should suspect
Seven sweet singing birds up in a tree;
Seven swift sailing ships white upon the sea;
Seven bright weather-cocks shining in the sun;
She wasn't the least bit pretty,
And only the least bit gay;
And she walked with a firm elastic tread,
My tree will know it all
the tree of my childhood
with the endless branches
the girl inside has a fear,
of what the girl inside holds so dear,
far from reality, but always in dream,
Spring rides no horses down the hill,
But comes on foot, a goose-girl still.
And all the loveliest things there be
She is free of the trap and the paddle,
The portage and the trail,
But something behind her savage life
A week ago; only a little week:
it seems so much much longer, though that day
is every morning still my yesterday;
She, under her
Big smile stows
away
once upon a time there was a little girl.
she liked to sit outside at night and talk to the moon.
everynight she kept the moon company.
All the night in woe,
Lyca's parents go:
Over vallies deep.
In futurity
I prophesy see.
That the earth from sleep.
It was biting cold, and the falling snow,
Which filled a poor little match girl's heart with woe,
Who was bareheaded and barefooted, as she went along the street,
I.
Dark was the dawn, and o'er the deep
The boist'rous whirlwinds blew;
I've often thought that headstrong youths
Of decent education,
Determine all-important truths,
I'm looking for a girl who's right for me,
One who knows how to talk intelligently,
She'll laugh at all my jokes,
The sun goes down, and with him takes
The coarseness of my por attire;
The fair moon mounts, and aye the flame
Look upon this face, what do you see
A Girl with wondering eyes and a dancing soul
Secrets that will never be told
Back of my back, they talk of me,
Gabble and honk and hiss;
Let them batten, and let them be-
There is a girl inside.
She is randy as a wolf.
She will not walk away and leave these bones
There was a little girl,
Who had a little curl,
Right in the middle of her forehead.
This Girl In The Dark
Has a beautiful face without a name
And a beautiful smile to hide the pain
She huddles against the dirty wall
hugging it ever so tight;
hopeing that he will choose not to do
.   Sweet Highland Girl, a very shower
Of beauty is thy earthly dower!
Twice seven consenting years have shed
AND has my darling told a lie?
Did she forget that GOD was by?
That GOD, who saw the things she did,
There is no way to explain
Unending sorrow and grief,
No way to kiss a young girl’s cheek
When the sklll'd fashioner of female faces
Designed your mask, he wrought with cunning fist,
And made a mouth expressly to be kiss'd -
MY dear, my dear, I know
More than another
What makes your heart beat so;
Vermeer's little girl, now famous
watches me. A pearl watches me.
The lips of Vermeer's little girl
Where do you go, girl,
when you fall asleep?
for even when we've spent a passion's time,
World-weary girl,
Tears form in your eyes,
Confusion swirls
So, watch this space
there will be more,
and, just in case
Your world is fragile glass
Every day breaking like bones
Against the heartless pavement
The devil twinkling of an eye,
The shape, the look of you,
Not being privy to your scent,
Wilt thou forgive that sin where I begun,
Which was my sin, though it were done before?
Wilt thou forgive that sin, through which I run,
For all the mysteries, engines, instruments, wherewith the world is filled, which we are able to frame and use to thy glory.
For all the trades, variety of operations, cities, temples, streets, bridges, mariner's compass, admirable picture, sculpture, writing, printing, songs and music; wherewith the world is beautified and adorned.
Much more for the regent life,
Lord, thou hast given me a cell,
Wherein to dwell;
A little house, whose humble roof
Here is the shadow of truth, for only the shadow is true.
And the line where the incoming swell from the sunset Pacific
First leans and staggers to break will tell all you need to know
All roads that lead to God are good.
What matters it, your faith, or mine?
Both centre at the goal divine
147
Bless God, he went as soldiers,
His musket on his breast—
“There, but for the grace of God, goes…”
There is a question that I ask,
And ask again:
Can God? God can!
Can God? God can!
Can God? God can!
'My sheep hear My voice'
Christ did say, 'and I know them
and they follow Me'
That lover of a night
Came when he would,
Went in the dawning light
There are only two possibilities
God the result of imagination
Or God the Lord over all creation
That my heart was right with thee,
And lov'd thee with a perfect love!
O that my Lord would dwell in me,
Of old our father's God was real,
Something they almost saw,
Which kept them to a stern ideal
FLOWER god, god of the spring, beautiful, bountiful,
Cold-dyed shield in the sky, lover of versicles,
Here I wander in April
A nasty surprise in a sandwich,
A drawing-pin caught in your sock,
The limpest of shakes from a hand which
God and the soldier
All men adore
In time of trouble,
God bless our native land,
Land of the newly free,
Oh may she ever stand
I towered far, and lo! I stood within
The presence of the Lord Most High,
Sent thither by the sons of earth, to win
God-Full-of-Mercy, the prayer for the dead.
If God was not full of mercy,
Mercy would have been in the world,
God gave a loaf to every bird,
But just a crumb to me;
I dare not eat it, though I starve,--
GOD gave to me a child in part,
Yet wholly gave the father's heart:
Child of my soul, O whither now,
From the depth of slumber,
As I ascend the spiral stairway of wakefulness,
I whisper
God has pity on kindergarten children,
He pities school children -- less.
But adults he pities not at all.
A degree is not a measure of writing,
A degree is not the knowledge,
Through degree a person gets a job
GOD Lyaeus, ever young,
Ever honour'd, ever sung,
Stain'd with blood of lusty grapes,
442
God made a little Gentian—
It tried—to be a Rose—
God moves in a mysterious way
His wonders to perform;
He plants His footsteps in the sea,
God of love, whose truth and grace
Reach unbounded as the skies,
Hear thy creature's feeble praise,
God of mercy, God of grace,
Show the brightness of Thy face:
Shine upon us, Saviour, shine,
I
Thou who hast made thy dwelling fair
With flowers beneath, above with starry lights,
God permit industrious angels
Afternoons to play.
I met one, -- forgot my school-mates,
In his malodorous brain what slugs and mire,
Lanthorned in his oblique eyes, guttering burned!
His body lodged a rat where men nursed souls.
THOUGHT of the Infinite--the All!
Be thou my God.
Lover Divine, and Perfect Comrade!
God scatters beauty as he scatters flowers
O'er the wide earth, and tells us all are ours.
A hundred lights in every temple burn,
Hallowed be Thy name
Hallowed be Thy name we do proclaim
Blessed be Thy sacred name
O great heart of God,
Once vague and lost to me,
Why do I throb with your throb to-night,
I would to God, that mine old age might have
Before my last, but here a living grave;
Some one poor almshouse, there to lie, or stir,
Wilt thou love God, as he thee? then digest,
My Soule, this wholsome meditation,
How God the Spirit, by Angels waited on
Since I am coming to that holy room,
Where, with thy choir of saints for evermore,
I shall be made thy music; as I come
Ye thirsty for God, To Jesus give ear,
And take, through his blood, A power to draw near;
His kind invitation Ye sinners embrace,
God, the offended God most high,
Ambassadors to rebels sends;
His messengers his place supply,
I sometimes wonder if the mighty God
Cares aught about the little deeds of men;
And if their day and time can reach his ken
The kingdom of God is within you
O world invisible, we view thee,
O world intangible, we touch thee,
One may ask, 'Is there a God? '
For me there can be no doubt
'Cause I learned His sacred name
Know God
Trust God.
When you pray
Late came the God, having sent his forerunners who were
not regarded--
Late, but in wrath;
Love is God and God is love
"Love is God and God is love" all may say
I found no name that actually professed these words to lay
Who hath constructed the elements
And their atoms' configuration?
Who hath designed every molecule
Though with gods the world is cumbered,
Gods unnamed, and gods unnumbered,
Never god was known to be
My God is an awesome God
My God is an awesome God
My God is an awesome God
My God! O let me call Thee mine!
Weak wretched sinner though I be,
My trembling soul would fain be Thine,
I thirst, but not as once I did,
The vain delights of earth to share;
Thy wounds, Emmanuel, all forbid
Nearer, my God, to Thee,
Nearer to Thee!
E'en though it be a cross
Now, God be thanked Who has matched us with His hour,
And caught our youth, and wakened us from sleeping,
With hand made sure, clear eye, and sharpened power,
O God! Thou art my God alone;
Early to Thee my soul shall cry;
A pilgrim in a land unknown,
O Spirit of the living God,
In all Thy plenitude of grace,
Where’er the foot of man hath trod,
Where are you? Our dear father,
We call you without sure bother.
Oh dear God you hear oh dear God,
It's not money that makes you evil
But the love of it that's wrong
Way back during times primeval
Of all the gods that gave me all their glories
To-day there deigns to walk with me but one.
I lead him by the hand and tell him stories.
God is our father, God is lover,
Go is our mother, God is life,
God is our breath, God is light,
People of the living God,
I have sought the world around;
Paths of sin and sorrow trod,
My God, how many are my fears!
How fast my foes increase!
Conspiring my eternal death,
Great God, whose universal sway
The known and unknown worlds obey,
Now give the kingdom to thy Son,
Will God for ever east us off?
His wrath for ever smoke
Against the people of' his love,
God is the refuge of his saints,
When storms of sharp distress invade;
Ere we can offer our complaints,
Now plead my cause, Almighty God,
With all the sons of strife;
And fight against the men of blood,
Servants of God, in joyful lays,
Sing ye the Lord Jehovah’s praise;
His glorious Name let all adore,
SINCE thou hast given me this good hope, O God,
That while my footsteps tread the flowery sod
And the great woods embower me, and white dawn
The little love god lying once asleep
Laid by his side his heart-inflaming brand,
Whilst many nymphs that vowed chaste life to keep
That god forbid, that made me first your slave,
I should in thought control your times of pleasure,
Or at your hand th' account of hours to crave,
Have trust in God and things will turn out right;
Have faith in God and mountains melt like ice;
Have trust in Him- temptations you can fight;
Blest is the man who spreads the Word of God
To people who have never heard of it!
He serves like an instrument of the lord
Thank God for little children,
Bright flowers by earth's wayside,
The dancing, joyous lifeboats
Take unto you the whole armour of God
that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day
loins truth
Much wonder I--here long low-laid -
That this dead wall should be
Betwixt the Maker and the made,
Is it not by his high superfluousness we know
Our God? For to be equal a need
Is natural, animal, mineral: but to fling
Blessed with a joy that only she
Of all alive shall ever know,
She wears a proud humility
When suddenly, at midnight, you hear
an invisible procession going by
with exquisite music, voices,
At midnight, when suddenly you hear
an invisible procession going by
with exquisite music, voices,
The Lord God says:
'Share your bread
with the hungry,
God is the greatest artist
To whom no one can compare,
Streaking sunsets very beautiful,
The man's name was Jesus of Nazareth
The crime committed read: King of the Jews
While on that cross, He taught Psalm Twenty Two
There's a one-eyed yellow idol to the north of Khatmandu,
There's a little marble cross below the town;
There's a broken-hearted woman tends the grave of Mad Carew,
I PASSED along the water's edge below the humid trees,
My spirit rocked in evening light, the rushes round my knees,
My spirit rocked in sleep and sighs; and saw the moorfowl pace
The laws of God, the laws of man,
He may keep that will and can;
Not I: let God and man decree
We are children of the light
We belong not to the night
The Lord's feast we celebrate
THE threefold terror of love; a fallen flare
Through the hollow of an ear;
Wings beating about the room;
They shall see Him in the crimson flush
Of morning's early light,
In the drapery of sunset,
To Mohács
in the marshlands, still in the pouring rain,
August 29th, 1526, where those summoned
I
In days when men had joy of war,
A God of Battles sped each mortal jar;
Thee, God, I come from, to thee go,
All day long I like fountain flow
From thy hand out, swayed about
"There is no God," the wicked saith,
"And truly it's a blessing,
For what He might have done with us
To the little, pitiful God I make my prayer,
The God with the long grey beard
And flowing robe fastened with a hempen girdle
Truly My Satan thou art but a Dunce
And dost not know the Garment from the Man
Every Harlot was a Virgin once
Trust in God
He will lead you through
Remember His Son
God makes, He breaks!
God gives, He takes!
What tragedy!
Vote us oh God, dear God,
Rate us oh God, dear God,
Save us oh save us God,
(Genesis, v.24)
Oh! for a closer walk with God,
A calm and heavenly frame;
When God opens Heaven's gates
As we cross that gulf so wide,
The arms of Jesus open
Waves of strength
Surging in You and Me
That is God, That is God
A puzzle together
a puzzle apart
each piece belongs to my heart
May Graduation Day fill your heart
With feelings of accomplishments this day,
To bring you peace of mind and happiness
Happy Graduation Day to you!
At last you've completed this journey.
Preparing for a long time you've
J-ust let the twilight pass;
H-aze and mist fade away;
U-nderneath the blue sky,
Congratulate Kelly, on your graduation.
After four years of studies, you graduated from Dental school!
Now you have your license to practice
Congratulation!
Your new pride and elation:
Your new MSW.
Like children in fear
Of their innocence lost
We all dreamed our dreams
Time to leave the ivory tower
We shall climb higher and look further
We're leaving our salad days behind
With cap and gown
And scroll in your hand,
You’ve joined an elite band:
As we look back,
At what we have done,
And at what we have completed thoroughly.
Graduation is coming faster then you know
soon it will be may and we will all be alone
soon we will be crying and we will finally be free
Mmm I wanna linger
Mmm A little longer
Mmm A little longer here with you
This is my graduation class
and I have bunked quite a few of them.
terrifyingly I realize it has to be a long time
graduation here i come,
as my life comes and goes,
college comes soon i am glad,
A day to part
Away from scholarly books
And mind boggling journals
Twelve years we have worked for this
day after day, year after year
Teachers filled are head with knowledge
C-ommencement program
J-ust starts to confer degrees,
B-estowing honors.Four years may seem a fleeting moment
Leading towards a Commencement
Of highs, onwards to a new degree
Putting on a gown,
Heading into town.
Taking place in line,
As you drive away
I wave goodbye,
And remember the times
He has triumphed the rough and rugged road
and the obstacles that lay therein.
He has shown the world the heavy load
Graduation Day is the climax of a dream.
A parental dream that began when a child is born,
And their hope come true it would seem,
The more I look back on all the happy times
the easier it is for me to realize
that friends are much more then hellos and goodbye
Memories float among the abyss,
As hearts smile with joy,
And cry with loneliness.
The moment it is realized,
A chip long carried on your shoulder
Has been dissolved...
The women ran
screaming like goats
but he was warned
Graduation day
Today is our graduation
And we are leaving all our friends
Today's the day we honor you, send love and blessings too.
Our prayers for you to know true joy through what you say and do.
Rejoice in your accomplishments for you have come so far,
As the years in our lives pass by,
We come closer to our lives so gatsby,
Yes, I am talking about graduation day,
Graduation Day
sweat and mothballs
grass so green
Graduation day
Is a long awaited day
For both parents and the graduate
White highlighted by purple and gold
upon our arrival, we nervously walked through the threshold
her arm safely secured
perhaps it is true
too much love can kill
in love poems too
Graduation is a huge step
Not only for you
Your friends and your family
Is it all over?
Where did all the years went to?
Tears come down my faceGo, Erik Go. You are walking in the spotlight of stars tonight, at County
College of Morris Twenty-eighth Commencement Celebration rite. How exhilarating your mother feels? Words fail to justify this night. But, my heart
overflows with pride, joy and radiant bliss, that I want to jump up and do the "Twist." Son, instead, I give you a bear hug and cheek kiss, which is better than a slipped disk.
at the graduation
all the flowers
in bloom      (10th place in June 2009 Kukai contest)
People are happy...
People think they are everything...
But wait till graduation...
A gentleman or so he seemed
A graduation present was his need
From me my cherry was his goal
After many years of life and varied experience for me
I wish to leave a few words for you to record in your memory
Your about to embark on a journey that is paved with responsibility.
Twelve years we have worked for this
day after day, year after year
Teachers filled are head with knowledge
The award of diploma
Is every student's desire;
It's like a sweet aroma
Sudden changes in the weather
Has you trying to hold it together.
Is it outdoors or indoors?
It’s finally here,
Graduation day is finally here.
Everybody’s so excited,
Two years and I'll be gone.
Being a sophomore is rather boring.
I spend 5 of my seven classes snoring.
It's coming,
I can feel it.
Rushing at me,
12 years of school and now it's close to ending
I'm going to miss all my friends
Who'm are still attending
Look upon a finished life.
There's nothing left recalled.
One Life it's graduation.
Finished contemplating
cap list tassle proud
searching
Walks down the halls one last time,
knowing it is the last time,
Empty rooms where we sat the last four years,
Graduation
Exciting, Emotional
Saying final goodbyes
We have been here for years,
And now it’s time to go.
We all have our fears,
GRADUATION
Melvin Banggollay
Greetings to all our dear graduates
I couldn’t wait to leave this place
The moment has arrived and I have tears streaming down my face.
Graduation is another one of my milestones.
The night
before your graduation
making curry
we'll heap gardenias on the stage
and sing together only the true songs
from the heart like a petal folded down
Graduation...
It seems so long ago
That we were in kindergarten
Six years have past
You finally done last
This is the beginning not the last
Have never faced challenge so gross
Once was a thing to rejoice
But after experiencing the hardship
It's a time top rejoice on all your achievements
it's a time to look back on what you have done
it's a time to move forward
In the university of love,
Undergoing graduation course
is very difficult,
The more I look back on all the happy times
The easier it is for me to realize
That friends are much more then hellos and goodbyes
Before, you were a child.
Trying to know everything
in the world.
Graduation
Is it a a happy event
Or a sad one
Graduation Day is the climax of a
dream.
A parental dream that began
Memories
Emotional, Labour
Laughing, Yelling, Crying
The huge corsage of mums
Was a cruel joke
The senior boys pinned on
A puzzle together
a puzzle apart
each piece belongs to my heart
Graduations are for those selected few.
Relax your future is in view.
At last you've reached the finish line.
When we got through our scholastic years
And have returned to youthful stomping grounds
Hello again to the sweet reality of being extramural
You’ve completed a task
Set four long, hard years ago
To prove that you can last
He he he
Passed my degree.
Who ever thought I could.
It's the hour of the graduation,
hope soars beyond imagination,
The hard work and sleepless nights,
Caps, gowns, tassels, shrouds
Seniors finally wear them
Congratulations
This evening at another Granddaughter's graduation, this one from
high school with honors, student government, being a well-rounded
young woman of sixteen.
Little Brother
No longer small
So grown up
I waited for too long, guarded with much expectation
swings my life through rise and fall, until I conquer the
one I adore, the might of the grade raises me to go in
Today you are graduating and getting ready for college,
To learn new things, to receive more knowledge.
Since you were born your parents have dreamt of this day,
Sun setting before us, blazing gently against our eyes,
multitudes sitting, awaiting their son's and daughter's
graduation.
It's graduation!
A day supposed to be the happiest
The happiest at least in half a decade
You will march today to mark the end
of your midnight candles before books,
notes, bulk of papers and reminders;
Graduates - go forth and think positively about the future,
Even though the world is an unpredictable place
With everyday conflicts and disputes hovering over you.
We were so proud of Lindsay
On her graduation day
She turned a fresh new corner
Lisa, today you’ve made us proud,
Proud, as proud can be,
For today, at the Barbican,
The heart leads back to Graduation Day,
to speakers addressing the graduates below,
to tales, excitement and joy shared.
And some time later in the lingering
blaze of summer, in the first days
after September 11th you phoned –
Only a a good student of love obtains graduation degreeA journey to remember
A trip so Full of laughter
memories unforgetable
Happy Graduation Day,
And what better nation is there than America for Graduation,
Let's celebrate in any and every way.
Sitting high upon the bleachers to get a good view of the made-up
stage.
A castle drawbridge with banners flying above it, the backdrop
ON YOUR GRADUATION DAY
(To my child, Melly Rose)
Melvin Banggollay
We often live reminiscing the past
as another graduation day comes around.
Thoughts of our classmates and teachers
The path of life before them lies
as elated graduates take stride.
Parents' eyes focused on their footsteps
No need to be confined in a net of knitted straws
no need to be afraid of lightning and thunders of the clouds
no need to hide behind the feathers of a mother bird
I'M not kicking on expenses, now the sewing time commences,
I will buy chiffon and laces till they say they've got enough;
Sure her dress for graduation shall excite the admiration
Graduation, an aspiration
An empowerment and a pathfinder
Where a bright future one can expect
A girl who is seventeen,
A girl who is Rory Gilmore,
A girl that walks with confidence,
Upon her graduation from law school
i see that picture
her husband beside her and the
does much to serve the good that we receive'
When embarking upon the pulpit
honor your perseverance;
This morning going to my Granddaughter's kindergarten graduation,
her little eyes and face lit up like a lantern, smiling beautifully,
running to give us a hug.
Furious attacks by Nature as earthquakes and storms,
Heart breaking scenes, are horrible imprints in mind!
Why is Nature so harsh to mankind remaining calm long?
Long ago in a far away land
Ruled a evil King with a strong hand
He was mean and he was cruel
Humans always in craze for wealth
For accumulation of wealth he runs fast
The thorny ways, deep pits and hills
Greediness for sensual pleasures -
Most obnoxious and low!
A man becomes a brute
The money greed is not a simple greed.
Yes! One needs money to live,
Only to live a contented life,
The most vicious and dangerous
Is the power greed!
This stems from an enormous
We have to remember that
'We eat to live - not live to eat.'
But this line is forgotten
atmosphere
provide
oxygen
Since time immemorial man lives in harmony with Nature;
But with the scientific inventions and technological progress
Man has slowly drifted from his habit due to domination of
It's long since I stopped believing in human wisdom.
Long since I stopped distinguishing wisdom of the old - and
Stupidity of the new generation
A food bubble ready to burst?
Cuz speculators on Wall Street
Drive high food prices to their worst,
There is love and fear
only two diving boards
Guess which gives and
The history of Earth dates back to millions of years ago,
When a perfect engineer, ‘the God’, created this world.
He made life in forms of plants and animals,
Oh this vain world, gigabytes of greed seized,
With more ever the more, less and less pleased,
Pitted as is with marginal returns,
You are unseen but also captured
In minds of many you are featured,
You divert the child well nurtured,
God don't give me greed
Give me more hope and sweet dreams
Don't make me jealousHe wanted to study, but he was forced to work,
He had to earn for his family, this, he could not shirk.
He used to work hard and bore his family's load,
Spat out of the mouth of Satan
Comes forth a needy demon
With desires exploding
Although America did not invent greed
It certainly made renovations when it purchased that institute
And gave it gaudiness attractive for a car salesman;
You enter with greed;
You exit with fear.
You love with greed;
Greed                                                                  Is                                                                    A disease, but                                                          One's avarice                                                         Is an ugly sickness, so                                                There are                                                              People                                                                Who are                                                               Greedy                                                                 Anywhere and                                                            Everywhere.Greed...  Is half of humanity, the other is money. Could humans fix the corrupted senses of it's own soul, and heal the mental outer body of our full self? No we can't because that's what makes us human. Money will never buy one enternal happiness, but is money serving as a distraction to further intelligence or is it just all life is and will be. Greed and money will always be there, but it's up to us to control it.Greed and obsession
Money has lot more roles to play
And hold sway
Greed breeds greed
First add and then,
Multiply,
Vultures
Perched in office
Feed on bloated paychecks
Can you sleep
Knowing that
You killed her?
Greed for unjust gain!
Corruption in the country,
Seen everywhere;
This is what many fall in trap of it is greed
For many desires it originates does breed.
Seed is the attachment towards all matters,
Greed Is Out
Greed is out,
Yes, yes, let’s shout,
Greed is the biggest threat to our civilization
It destroys families and it can bring down the nations
Greed is one of the  most dangerous desires in human nature
Like never before.
Ever before.
Just to feed the greed of elites.
Early bird gets the worm
In her greed eats too much
Gets indigestion
'You're my very good friend' she said
We have so much in common...
All the plans and schemes-hopes and dreams...! ! !
I pour blue water from my pen
To bask in wilderness, a thirsty page
To garnish with words, a hueless page
.....Might....life exist
Through sake of chance
......Some odd result
Grasping hands
of the powers that be
trying to take
With pain in neck he walked around,
all alone with just a frown.
All he wanted was there,
Limited is the need,
Unlimited is the greed,
Engaged in misdeed,
Greed is a twin of graveyard
Its never says enough
Never ever filled to the brim
I find it impossible to understand
How greed and power destroy nations
How its left carry on unabated
Evil spews
like a waterfall of hate
money and greed
More and more
is today's motto
more of money..
Greed!
Creed of evil acts;
Reed of lies! !
Catch the sun
And lock into the cell
To offer it for sale…
The predecessors of humans lived in forests
The hunter gatherers they fought with nature and wild
But seldom they destroyed the wild, flora and fauna
When I watch folks of this world and see how widespread
It is for those, that pile up treasure and put on fat, to chafe
At the bit and grasp for more, the way they hunger for a safe
Greed is such a simple word
Yet rob so many of what they heard
The more you give the more it takes
The world's wrapped up in politics and loves big finance too
I find it quite depressing in large quantities, it's true
It's good to have the knowledge, and to know what's going on
Where there is a need
There is always greed
A rotten exploiting deed
Greed does not fill
the emptiness felt inside
For greed only provokes
Greed
Greedy
Loss, loss, loss
Let me dive into the
crystal water of the
river which flows by
My ocean town struggles
to pick up leaves,
offer summer school,
End of life was in tune
Melody that swings somewhere
Strange mind swish a hope
Love and Let Live,
Is all we should desire,
All the rest,
I dream a scene
Where a baby falls asleep
Having sucked a pair of breasts
I hang from the top shelf of a hard life
like a dusty and old lambrequin
Thus tattered by parasitic mites and torn
Greed  is  fire
its flare is strong
as much as to burn
As you grow up in this world,
the facts and stories that were untold slowly unfold.
You are forced to bear a lot of pain
haggard souls rushing
overspending—overspent
with Ego's burdenGreed eats the soul, wastes
Life, naked, penniless that’s
Heavens entrance fee
The love of self,
of our earthly wealth
a lie upon the earth
Human power and greed
Saturday,28th September 2019
What makes them bloodthirsty?
Rarely will one find a place of wealth
where hypocrisy, greed and deceit
are not in residence.
A gun in the hand, a bomb in a bag,
Hundred lives, hundred souls in death to drag;
Amidst a square, where families come to play,
Knowledge teaches us
How much  is our need
Vices inundate
That feeds
Alone for some ideas
To request as “please’
I win
You lose
I smile you cry
God fashioned man out of earth
In His image and breathed life into him
Woman He created for him to love
Miss Reid's Speed Seeds Misread Red Weed Barrow Greed Screed
So much depends upon callow Monsanto’s
arrow minded rein reign
A man of prosperity
He was having dexterity
Enough he earned in money
The greed of every human stands naked when it come to sacrifice.People with petty greed ~ how much do they get
Not all people have big-sized greeds
We very ordinary
No place for greed
Sunday,27th May 2018
let there remain harmony
Greed of all kinds, specially for power n’ pelf
Drive men to play many a mischief
It enters our world like an invisible elf
Roll down hopes from highest of a crest,
Good enough better be than the best,
At the crest so highest
Of greed and corruption we are all too aware
It's happening in your suburb and the big World out there
Many in high places into corporate crime
Of Human greed in these tough times we read of and we hear
Company C E O's not paid in thousands but in millions every year
Yet few of their type known for to help anyone in poverty
In the past we felt there was a need for greed
we felt that in order to make it and succeed
we had to win, we had to compete
Greed has for no time any verse
It has only curse and curse
Yet I have written a tercet for this hellish vice.
Greed is certainly a disease                                          That is risky, absurd, and gloomy                                     Simply because it makes someone on                                    The wrong path all his life...                                       It kills one's inner feelings and                                     One's pretty emotions anytime...                                     There is only that distrust between                                   The greedy behavior of a sick person                                  Who looks only for his selfish benefit anytime and others...                    Greed itself is the biggest evil ever                                 Simply because it kills that pretty spirit                            Inside us anytime, anywhere, and everywhere.                         _________________________________________________ _____________________because politics by
nature is greedy
voters conclude
Some of us think they are too powerful
They can smash the mountain
They can divide the ocean
Reed, greed!
Greed like a pride is the curse of mankind;
Purse, curse!
To put in poetry
a report on greed in New Zealand,
this poet turns 'too many bees for the pollen'
walking the greying streets,
between the broken down
and vacant buildings....
The man whose riches satisfy his greed
Is not more rich for all those heaps and hoards
Than some poor man who has enough to feed
Need is a desire; greed is a desire.
Desires denied, sufferings surface.
Need is met at ease but not the greed
I spread my greed as a tree  spreads  its root
Deep and wide into the ground, straight
To suck upon the sap with its  tip
GREED
Nature’s bowl so full
Yet with an avarice to hoard,
If you could know how much I make,
I'm sure to see you blush!
To reap the stipend that I do
As long as his dreams are alive,
Sure, he has a fair chance to survive,
He is moving on a dangerous track,
Greed is black in color.
It is selfish in every aspect.
It is normally one sided in nature.
When Greed Outstrips Needs (A Rondel of 13 lines)
When outstripped are our needs by Greed
Or love of Fame our still outweighs,
Through windows' widely open frame
Two robins once to my house came
And surveyed everything they saw,
I established lead
But failed to read
What was actual need?
Food grains by ants ferried,
Honey by bees carried,
Wealth hoarded in by greed,
Subliminal messages
in a world of greed
They start you young
One you bought
A beautiful one
I know the second one
The demon speaks to me.
He writes all these squiggly lines.
They glow and come alive.
High-rise feelings walk in the morning
Southern tempest smells reminiscence
Mind opens the memory-card mutely
Dreaming of the man with beautiful green eyes,
I dream of me sleeping in his arms where I lie,
His breath on my skin his body clenched with mine,
Ages ago,
he converted
to envy
mId-solVed ANti-mass
green beaver’s apPArition
sadly GONe bOVidOne Sunday morning I hurried on my way
And I arrived at my church ready to worship and pray
Then I saw a girl with blue-green hair
Not, exactly, green:
closer to bronze
preserved in kind brine,
Today I saw the first small signs
of Mother Natures Spring Designs.
Some tiny leaves of tender green
Yet the golden bell
when tune wakes up from the sorrow
as inspiring by the hope of tomorrow
Before the first ray of sunlight
on a frosty winter morn.
The frost has hazed the windows
Across the green fields
Up on the bluffs
High into the sky
All that's in green
And between
Now yellow ways
Not "a youth with hoary head and haggard eye,"
But an old man with a smooth skin
And black hair!
It was on Kerrydale Street that I did meet
A pretty young girl from Dublin Town,
This Irish colleen was dressed in green
As through the wild green hills of Wyre
The train ran, changing sky and shire,
And far behind, a fading crest,
Being Young and Green, I said in love's despite:
Never in the world will I to living wight
Give over, air my mind
Lying within the soft waxy grass,
My eyes gently close.
I think of us beneath the trees,
A racist who was loud and mean
arrived with buddies on the scene.
They pointed fingers at the Black
What comes to my mind when I see a green wall?
A green wall reminds me of the grass so green
And the emerald most rarely seen
NOT alone those camps of white, O soldiers,
When, as order'd forward, after a long march,
Footsore and weary, soon as the light lessen'd, we halted for the
HIS DREAM
I SWAYED upon the gaudy stem
The butt-end of a steering-oar,
It’s matter of fact that earth is going green,
From major corporations to the fluorescent household light bulb,
To the way of life that is to be seen,
'Nothing gold can stay'
You said...'but why? '
'It's nature's way'
Does anyone eat green bananas?
then why have them in the stores?
By the time you think of eating one ripe!
I prefer red chile over my eggs
and potatoes for breakfast.
Red chile ristras decorate my door,
On green days or blue days
how easy it is to talk with you
to fill our ears with vocal sumptuousness
I hate him,
As I hate Hell and all it’s devils.
I hate him for being better than me,
Green-Eyed Suicide
With life such a blur
Wrists scarred from back to front
By this part of the century few are left who believe
in the animals for they are not there in the carved parts
of them served on plates and the pleas from the slatted trucks
Poet, having read your words; I wanted you to know
that I can see the trees you planted as I chop down
the hardest wood  for my fires. I used the vacated
Green grass
And blue sky
That is all I want
I want a holiday with a scene
Of green, green and green
A summer of green trees
Green grow the rashes, O!
Green grow the rashes, O!
The sweetest hours that e'er I spend,
1     Green groweth the holly,
2     So doth the ivy.
3     Though winter blasts blow never so high,
These days I dream of America  and they offered me the green card.
I visited to my far relatives who were living there.
Some are in California and the rest in Massachusetts.
It’s not the experience
—that marauds it. Though the wise
will have you believe.
Three tall poplars beside the pool
Shiver and moan in the gusty blast,
The carded clouds are blown like wool,
Now sitting outside,
The refreshing wind blows
Revealing the life of nature.
Freshly picked green mangoes
Peeled by meticulous hands
Cut and sliced carefully
You ask me why I dwell in the green mountain;
I smile and make no reply for my heart is free of care.
As the peach-blossom flows down stream and is gone into the unknown,
goodness reasons to revel by reality
heart yet knows right path to heaven
eyes raves back by illusion of mirage
The baby-sitter's nuts! Please listen Mom, it's true!
Last night she washed my hair with Green Onion Shampoo!
Green Onion Shampoo! Green Onion Shampoo!
Love is blue, when lovers are in trouble ever;
Great love stories of the world are so and are
Called as Divine love for the world to know and
Green is the colour of the mangroves at my holiday batch
Green is the feeling of happiness
Green is the colour of the tall oak trees
Green are the valleys
green are the fields
green are the forests and long rolling hills
The dawn was apple-green,
The sky was green wine held up in the sun,
The moon was a golden petal between.
Into the warm, inviting yellow
twists a brush loaded with blue.
Surprised, suspicious,
i can't stand
to be away
from you
The Armies marched with banging drums
That made ill the streams, made black the dreams.
The Armies marched with cracking horns,
My favorite colors are green and brown.
Green-leafed trees polka-dot our town.
Green’s the color of farm pond scum,
what would earth be
without rain?
where would rain go
Shake out my pockets! Harken to the call
Of that calm voice that makes no sound at all!
Take of me all you can; my average weight
Green tornado fast asleep,
Just above your forest sweep,
High above the planes of gold,
HOW MANY SHADES OF GREEN
How many shades of green
Olive green
In a herber green asleep whereas I lay,
The birds sang sweet in the middle of the day;
I dreamed fast of mirth and play:
IN the green and gallant Spring,
Love and the lyre I thought to sing,
And kisses sweet to give and take
In the shade of the green wood
The holly does grow,
While in soft rays of sunlight
Forty Word Poem.
My heart is yours
in all my dreams.
That summer sun, whose genial glow
Now cheers my drooping spirit so
Must cold and distant be,
The lush green dew that rises.
The mist that covers the lawn.
Droplets of water declare.
Grass is always green on the other side
But one has to know the other side, to see, weather how green the grass really is?
If you’re trapped then you can feel life in a shell
IN somer when the shawes be sheyne,
And leves be large and long,
Hit is full merry in feyre foreste
Love, meet me in the green glen,
Beside the tall elm-tree,
Where the sweetbriar smells so sweet agen;
Oh, there were fifteen men in green,
Each with a tommy-gun,
Who leapt into my plane at dawn;
Miss Lloyd has now sent to Miss Green,
As, on opening the box, may be seen,
Some years of a Black Ploughman's Gauze,
I see her there all day all night
With just her fingers writing her story in the air
So elegent she stands - A
I sit on my bed, and look across at my sage green towelling robe,
hanging on the back of the bedroom door.
Does he still 'fancy' me,
Now spring has clad the grove in green,
And strew'd the lea wi' flowers;
The furrow'd, waving corn is seen
Oh tiger green and sweetly blue
With honest eyes and very true,
How can we again meet
If  truth be  rhymed by the trust
on the edges of the green
you taught me the mathematics by abacus
Here comes the saturation point
I am on the green mile
I cant take anymore, for my knees are weak
You look at me with sad green eyes,
I'm overcome with feeling-
Such deep emotion they disguise,
Set me whereas the sun doth parch the green
Or where his beams do not dissolve the ice,
In temperate heat where he is felt and seen;
SMALL is the trust when love is green
In sap of early years;
A little thing steps in between
So green the land that I can see
The hills and fields before my eyes,
Which blend with joyful harmony
Ye, who in alleys green and leafy bow'rs,
Sport, the rude children of fantastic birth;
Where frolic nymphs, and shaggy tribes of mirth,
Springtime’s first green is gold,
Her subtlest hue to hold,
Her morning song’s the flower;
Upon the swag of Stubbers Green
Where many ducks and wading birds
And all the geese and seagulls fly
411
The Color of the Grave is Green—
The Outer Grave—I mean—
The sun does arise,
And make happy the skies;
The merry bells ring
The force that through the green fuse drives the flower
Drives my green age; that blasts the roots of trees
Is my destroyer.
Over the green and yellow rice-fields
sweep the shadows of the autumn
clouds followed by the swift-chasing
Grace unequalled in my earthly eyes,
dream when snuffles into ocean blue,
dust inflames, as  fire stashes in the hide
This little bowl is like a mossy pool
In a Spring wood, where dogtooth violets grow
Nodding in chequered sunshine of the trees;
There's a one-eyed yellow idol to the north of Khatmandu,
There's a little marble cross below the town;
There's a broken-hearted woman tends the grave of Mad Carew,
The city of Auckland its roads spreading wide,
twisting and winding like webs from a spider.
Maori descendents spread culture and pride,
BENEATH these fruit-tree boughs that shed
Their snow-white blossoms on my head,
With brightest sunshine round me spread
I know a green grass path that leaves the field,
And like a running river, winds along
Into a leafy wood where is no throng
ALL singers have shadows
That follow like fears,
But I know a singer
When I die,
Oh, bury me, please,
'Neath the budding
On the cheerful village green,
Skirted round with houses small,
All the boys and girls are seen,
THERE is a green hill far away,
Without a city wall,
Where the dear Lord was crucified,
there’s a bright patch of green
on the Table’s lap
but I cannot see the sun
This year,
I'm raising the emotional ante,
putting my face
(To be sung to the Air of "An 'Orrible Tale.")
Oh list to this incredible tale
Of THOMSON GREEN and HARRIET HALE;
Who goes amid the green wood
With springtide all adorning her?
Who goes amid the merry green wood
High over the white clean clouds
she serves hot coffee in the sky
Smiling pretty stewardess
Shrinking violet
orchid blooms again and grows
as love flows over.The Ivy grows
It climbs the wall
As if reaching
Glancing off to the distance, horizons set for me
There is a point where vivid green meets the deep blue of Sea
Feet bare to touch the green, first one, then the other
My mom would scream and run away
My plants would wither and die
My sister would think she is having a nightmare
A letter from abroad. I tear
Its sheathing open, unaware
What treasure gleams within; and there-
One Sunday morning I hurried on my way
And I arrived at my church ready to worship and pray
Then I saw a girl with blue-green hair
A pin has a head, but has no hair;
A clock has a face, but no mouth there;
Needles have eyes, but they cannot see;
she looks like
she just came
off a three day binge
Hills and mountains are dotted
across our landscape fair,
at the top of either
An old car
Moves slowly
Through cold rain;
Once you were the Queen of the fairways
Striding along ahead of the pack
Club in hand, eye on the ball
An orphan saw a flower with golden hair
The sun shined her and lighted her in fully fair
Eyes refused to blink
Angel is a white Shih Tzu with patterns of white and gold,
Angel also comes to the names of Ang, and Angie I am told.
Mrs. Gaylin is her proud owner along with her spouse,
Angels fall and babies cry
Walking around mindlessly insane and I don't know why
My vision of ecstasy is only you
Delia, the unkindest girl on earth,
When I besought the fair,
That favour of intrinsic worth
When artists wore a flowing mane,
Then, in a sentimental vein,
With pastorals they lured the eye,
Bad hair day! Can you relate to this?
Is it P.M.S., hormones flaring or is it me –
If tempers are blazing, it’s best to stay away
Everyday is always a bad hair day for me
Mine is very curly, they told me it's kinky
I have a hard time combing my hair, you see
Ithaca, October 1993: Jorie went on a lingerie
tear, wanting to look like a moll
in a Chandler novel. Dinner, consisting of three parts gin
Blach hair
Tangled in a thousand strands.
Tangled my hair and
Days I yearn to kiss your luscious lips
Delicious lips tasting like a reddish apple
as I bite upon your watery tongue
So many songs have been written about my love.
The beautiful color of my true love's hair. The hair of a powerful beauty.
Black as a wormhole or as simple as a crayon.
I must have died a thousand times
because everytime I see you smile I go breathless
So I fell for you, big deal...I'll be the one laughing
SUNDAY shuts down on this twentieth-century evening.
The L passes. Twilight and bulb define
the brown room, the overstuffed plum sofa,
Braid the raven hair,
Weave the supple tress,
Deck the maiden fair
When I’m lonely
And feel like
Cashing in my chips,
889
Crisis is a Hair
Toward which the forces creep
An earwig, brown and also shiny
sat on a river bank, alone.
Compared to others he was tiny,
Do not envy his hair
Because he is blond
And you are notIvy ties the cellar door
in autumn, in summer morning glory
wraps the ribs of a mouse.
Through many a fragrant cedar grove
A darkened water moans;
And there pale Memory stood with Love
Her hair
covers my face
she
I scrub the long floorboards
in the kitchen, repeating
the motions of other women
Girl with the long blonde hair,
you wiped a lost tear
out of your eye
Dear can you help me for a while?
asked apologetically for a  good smile,
’No’ replied a friend, keeping distance mile,
Such golden thin strings
Yeah! I am talking about your hair
Long and natural so shining
`
Brown in the sun
of the midday born
(I have always dreamed to be bald since I was younger. But there are some things which are stopping me. But this I promise myself, I will really fulfil it sometime soon. Hope you enjoy my short poem.)
I want to cut my hair
Till I only see the skin
Hair is heaven's water flowing eerily over us
Often a woman drifts off down her long hair and is lostI don't care for hair
If I was bare of hair, I wouldn't care
For if the weather isn't fair
My hair like Jesus wore it
Hallelujah I adore it
Hallelujah Mary loved her son
As if we have
any answers.
Still, we imply.
Hair styles
Hair colors
Hairdos
Wide cheeks? Let the hair hide the ears.
Broad forehead? Let the hair spills in front.
Dwarf neck? Let the hair in knot be up.
You can grow it or cut it.
You can style it or leave it to blow in the wind.
If it's long you can put it up.
The fun thing about being dead
is the haunting. Revenge. It's Payback Time Whoo Hoo.
I'm updating my Visiting Book,
The Ministry of Culture and Islamic Guidance will issue a guideline for haircuts on men.
Teheran has been busy this week first condemning a woman to death,
-by stoning, for being an alleged adulterer.
I shudder to think
What life would be like
If women, like men, started thinning;
O fleece, that down the neck waves to the nape!
O curls! O perfume nonchalant and rare!
O ecstasy! To fill this alcove shape
The beauty of her hair bewilders me-
Pouring adown the brow, its cloven tide
Swirling about the ears on either side
I am running my fingers
Through your hair
And your hair
I crave your mouth, your voice, your hair.
Silent and starving, I prowl through the streets.
Bread does not nourish me, dawn disrupts me, all day
I love my hair
I always toss it around in the air
As if without a care!
My mom's hair is made of Chocolate Ice Cream.
My dad's hair is made of Mint Ice Cream.
My sister's hair is made of Vanilla Ice Cream.
Did I see a red hair vixen at several DSW’s?
A ‘canine’ with a fetish of shoes?
It can’t be.
We put our heads together
(hide behind our hair)
only kisses & promises
1     I dream of Jeanie with the light brown hair,
2     Borne, like a vapor, on the summer air;
3     I see her tripping where the bright streams play,
So I'm black
So I'm white
So I'm yellow
Mother, when will my hair-braid grow?
milk you said will make it grow,
but still it remains so short.
Ô toison, moutonnant jusque sur l'encolure!
Ô boucles! Ô parfum chargé de nonchaloir!
Extase! Pour peupler ce soir l'alcôve obscure
I am a Phantom of the opera
My breeze it unties the air
I have blue whispered vison's
Chief of organic Numbers!
Old Scholar of the Spheres!
Thy spirit never slumbers,
1
You scream, waking from a nightmare.
When I sleepwalk
Men looks
Much better
With grey hair
MO CAILIN ALAINN RUA
(My Beautiful Red Haired Girl)
Your hair
Mother's hair has turned to silver
Her skin is all wrinkled and cold
But i'd never trade my mother
One of your hairs fell out last night:
A piece of your life was gone without a sound.
I know a difficult day is coming,
BORGIA, thou once wert almost too august
And high for adoration; now thou ’rt dust;
All that remains of thee these plaits unfold,
In the old days of our family,
My grandmother was a young woman
Whose hair was as long as the river.
Amarantha sweet and fair
Ah braid no more that shining hair!
As my curious hand or eye
XVIII
I never gave a lock of hair away
To a man, Dearest, except this to thee,
The light that rises from your feet to your hair,
the strength enfolding your delicate form,
are not mother of pearl, not chilly silver:
I never gave a lock of hair away
To a man, dearest, except this to thee,
Which now upon my fingers thoughtfully,
At midnight,
We walk
In the crisp air
Its just one more story left untold,
But, This ones different,
Its about a girl, Whos hair was gold,
One day I observed a grey hair in my head;
I plucked it right out, when it thus to me said:
'You may smile, if you wish, at your treatment of me,
So lovingly to soil she sent her roots
Now caresses the casement its lovely shoots
Starry flowers glow in twilight green
there is this little girls with black curly hair
flat nose, thin eyelashes, wavy goatish eyelids,
sitting on a bamboo pole
THE WISEST of the wise
Listen to pretty lies
And love to hear them told;
Greet the tender grassblades by your path, and listen
While the clay-sprung grass that's fine as hair will whisper,
Whisper to your heart, which seems so hard of hearing,
One day I tell her
I love her hair
up.
There are white flowers in her hair,
blue-white stars when she laughs
in her eyes shining like rainbows,
Thy hue, dear pledge, is pure and bright
As in that well - remember'd night
When first thy mystic braid was wove,
AMARANTHA sweet and fair,
Ah, braid no more that shining hair!
As my curious hand or eye
I.
Amarantha sweet and faire,
Ah brade no more that shining haire!
Black beamy hairs, which so seem to arise
From the extraction of those eyes,
That into you she destin-like doth spin
It lies before me there, and my own breath
Stirs its thin outer threads, as though beside
The living head I stood in honoured pride,
In this small Character is sent
My Loves eternal Monument.
Whil'st we shall live, know, this chain'd Heart
Dew sate on Julia's hair,
And spangled too,
Like leaves that laden are
When Memory, with gentle hand,
Has led me to that foreign land
Of childhood days, I long to be
My youngest son asked me this as we were
laying around arguing whether I was going to read more than one book or not…
will grandma Mickey’s hair still be white,  when we are in heaven?
Go ahead and buy yourself a drink
A few more, and the pain will ease.
As you kneel before the porcelain God
(written in Palilan river, Palilan Jimenez, Mis. Occ.'Philippines
just a 10 m.. away from my home.A river is located at the back my
elem. grade school and to where i spent my concised childhood
Chords of the most beautiful song,
With my eyes, tracing the prominent
Vein that followed the course of his arm,
They have painted and sung
the women washing their hair,
and the plaits and strands in the sun,
Mommy's getting wrinkles.
Daddy has grey hair.
It wasn't very long ago
You wear
my kisses
in your hair
Your God-gifted face,
Golden hair,
Glistening face,
Your hair
(fine as a baby’s fine)
so soft
Your orange hair in the void of the world
In the void of these heavy panes of silence
Shade where my bare hands seek your image.
Your strange hair, cold light,
Has pale glows and blond dullness;
Your gaze has the blue of ether and waves;
loosing my hair
large wad in the brush
let loose outside
Your burst of laughter
An exploding waterfall
Bring me happiness
Happy is the one,
and happy is he alone
who can truly call
Love is so beautiful,
In love there is loss,
Life is still beautiful,
(dedicated to Ms. Patricia Petibon, a great soprano)
Where is happiness?
Why it doesn't show up lately?
Photographs capture memories
Good and bad alike
Sad times and happy times
Hypnotic beats
Melodic rhythms
Close your eyes
There is a drunk boy in my bed and he smells.
I want him to leave so I can wash the sheets,
clean up,
The happiness of others is my happiness-
Their sadness is my sadness-
Without them I cannot wholly be who I am-
Their judgment untrue
I cannot see
why it means so much
Behind the door of happiness hides a frown,
who’s always afraid to come out.
She’s afraid to show herself to everyone,
Greet the bright dawn with joy,
Raise your spirit to the light,
Then your smile you must employ,
Buying a car today would be so nice!
Having a car thats old is quite alright;
Getting a car tomorrow would be wise!
I’ve never thought
In terms of happiness,
It always seemed
Sometimes it flutters
Gaily round my sparkling smiles
Like a butterfly;
TOGETHER at the altar we
In vision oft were seen by thee,
Thyself as bride, as bridegroom I.
“Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, ”
“The feeling of happiness dwells in the soul.” Aristotle  Wise
words from a wise philosopher
I am here with the music,
Never more to roam.
I am up beyond white clouds
‘Does Happiness depend upon comfort? ’
The answer is definitely a big, ‘No! ’
Happiness lies in not comforts alone!
Happiness is the way to happiness!There's a certain kind of magic,
that exists within your eyes.
It's there I can see what I mean to you…
Snow began to fall at ten in the evening
fine cold adamantine snow.
On Atlantic I drove slowly, the streets being slippery,
John had
Great Big
Waterproof
Happiness to gain
Happiness to win
Will happiness be in vain
Happiness is an experession
that is shown by love and compretion
a wonderfull feeling that never ends
The great stone Hall is silent
that is now millennia old.
Through the western windows
I asked the professors who teach the meaning of life to tell
me what is happiness.
And I went to famous executives who boss the work of
Happiness is elusive like the wind
Coming and going like migrating birds
And sound of echoing peals of church bells.
Happiness in usually free,
for both you and me.
But what I see is something else,
Happiness perhaps once had features
Of a single, compact whole,
But countless are the craving creatures
Like a baby borne, sun rises up everyday
With the same spirit, strength
Same light being surrounded
You cannot buy your happiness,
'Cause happiness is free.
Don't you know, or can't you guess,
What is happiness without any pain?
What is happiness without any gain?
Happiness is contentment.
To hear your smiles
To feel your joy
Your warm hearted laughter
Stuff may happen that will get you down
Don't worry about it happiness will come around
Through the dark light will come
Candles of faith dazzling
through the nights
Fumes of aroma awake
Who does not like
Red of dawn, bed of sky
Spring of sun, strings of rain
I've never trusted happiness.
We've never quite been friends.
And everytime that my heart breaks,
There's just no accounting for happiness,
or the way it turns up like a prodigal
who comes back to the dust at your feet
Happiness eludes me.
I chase after it in firsts, highs, greats, excellents.
Puff…it vanishes. It is fractions
Happiness in the dictionary pages
ricochets between
hap and hapless,
A man and a woman lie on a white bed.
It is morning. I think
Soon they will waken.
Happiness is that which everyone longs
but so few of us actually get
Happiness is that which rights all wrongs
I am no Christ, Buddha or Gandhi
Or a wandering fakir or sanyasi.
I am an ordinary human being,
happiness is always an inside jobIt's not so much the world outside
that make us sigh or smile.
It's more the thoughts within our head
Money is not the happiness.
Happiness can't sell or buy.
My happiness is my friends,
Happiness is th smile that appears when your love walks through the door
It's the fact that everyday you love her even more
Happiness is smiling when nothing goes your way
Being your self
Even when it's not neccesairy, when it's not
required.
It's a beautiful day not a cloud in sight,
and all I see is the sun shinning bright,
and feeling it’s warmth.
Happiness, oh happiness,
waiting to burst forth from me,
happiness.
happiness
a feeling I never thought I’d find
a feeling I didn't believe in
Sadness have strikes me
I fought harder and harder
To get the happiness back
Happiness is silent, or speaks equivocally for friends,
Grief is explicit and her song never ends,
Happiness is like England, and will not state a case,
I never had this kind of amount before
Twenty hundred dollars of salary
My first job at the department store
What's happiness really?
A smile or a laugh,
A simple gesture of emotion.
Ever again to breathe pure happiness,
So happy that we gave away our toy?
We smiled at nothings, needing no caress?
Happiness is when you have very few troubles and worries,
It's when you have no reason to say to someone you're 'Sorry'.
Happiness is when you have someone to love,
happiness  has  no  shore
cannot  touch, can never  reach
could only feel  and  long  for
I have finally escaped,
to a majestic place,
where i feel at home,
Happiness,
when people ask me where I find happiness,
I don't have an answer,
happiness is what i seek
happiness makes me weak.
plant the seed so it can grow
Happiness
Is a clean bill of health from the doctor,
And the kids shouldn't move back home for
a wonderful emotion
a thing everyone needs to find
a thing I never felt until now
Should I wait for you to fall in love with me
Or should I just forget about it and let it be
I don't want to wait for heartbreak
IN MY OLD AGE A GREAT HAPPINESS
In my Old Age
A great Happiness
If a wise man can be happy,
then happiness must be possible.
If a simple man can be happy,
Let's go find that great blue yonder,
Far away from noise and rush,
A place where one can sit and ponder,
I don’t give two shits anymore
all I want to do is die
that is all I wish for at night
life unfolding
behind the velvet curtain
lies forgiven
Provoked Thoughts
i find myself sitting
affront this velvet curtain
My life's greatest happiness is to be convinced my love to you
I am grateful to you for making me happy through out my life
I have never known love until I met you and your love touched
Happiness
Can only be found
If you search for it
A very frothy, cup of coffee,
My sweetheart's kiss, which is sheer bliss,
Some time for me, plus a pot of tea,
I walk in the rain,
As I think about you,
Tears fall down,
where i lost my happiness?
in the lighted corner of past,
this dark of present,
an ode to happiness
happiness is one of the many emotions
maybe the greatest off all
Honey, wanna fly
Take a walk upon the steel rails – slide
Skidding, three-sixties the world turns below
Eliminating passion is not happiness.
Suppressing passion is not happiness.
Spending passion only is happiness.
Money owned by rich men
Buys temples to store their gold
Though these temples money they defend
One grand boulevard with trees
with one grand cafe in sun
with strong black coffee in very small cups.
No-one knew what subsequently became of her
after he went so dramatically, and after all those goings-on.
He got all the headlines.
In Lusher park I met a young woman in her early twenties maybe
The sun was in her golden hair she said good day to me
A happy smile lit up her face and warmth in her friendly hi
Buying a car today would be so nice!
Having a car thats old is quite alright;
Getting a car tomorrow would be wise!
If Success was Happiness
Then achievers would be glad
But look around and you will find
787
Such is the Force of Happiness—
The Least—can lift a Ton
I want you to know, i never felt this way before,
you will see that this will be a perfect harmony.
to have you near me by my side, I swear I'll make you mine.
There's a happiness, a joy
in one soul, that's been
buried alive in everyone
the irony of this pursuit is this:
the more you pursue it
the more it escapes
Over the rainbow bluebirds scatter,
Nothing's there to really matter.
A shaft of light born of love,
Statistics tell.  You can be
independent of them, but
you cannot deny them.
If happiness only lies
In a place we don't exist
And only future days
Sharing each other’s hopes and dreams.
Caring about what happens to each other.
Respecting each other’s goals and ambitions.
The warmth of the sun,
The touch of your hand,
The waves against my feet,
Happiness is knowing,
that you are truly loved,
But that someone special.
Cut skin,
Matching Tattoos,
Alluring night,
A babe’s first cry, as she enters the world
Sobs of delight, greet this miracle of life
A child’s happy laugh, running free
happiness
is bliss
happiness,
Give and you shall receive
Plant and you shall harvest
Smile and smiles to you be extended
I awakened this morning,
With a happiness attack.
I wasn't sure what it was.
Confused tired and weary,
Like white clouds above,
Drifting in an untold story;
without a care
in the world
save for
There was me,
my brothers; a total of three,
A step-dad who was my mothers husband to be,
When I walked you home that night
The vibe was absolutely right
The sparks were flying left and right
into the unending work line comes a new beginning
of tolerance of adverse attitude, surfing the taste of
temper and luring smile
Oh, that your lovely flesh be there for me
a thousand miles I must, on blood-stained boots
hike through the corpses of man's hate for man
353
A happy lip—breaks sudden—
It doesn't state you how
When these graven lines you see,
Traveller, do not pity me;
Though I be among the dead,
Most happy letters, fram'd by skilful trade,
With which that happy name was first design'd:
The which three times thrice happy hath me made,
He had just celebrated,
with kindred friends and spirits
his seventieth.
Bricklayer’s like to keep their spirit levels high
Joiner’s and Chippie’s will raise the rafters
They do the things that brings them joy
Today i met a lonely girl
with a touch of magic
i've been waiting for someone like her
.   Who is the happy Warrior? Who is he
That every man in arms should wish to be?
--It is the generous Spirit, who, when brought
Health is the first good lent to men;
A gentle disposition then:
Next, to be rich by no by-ways;
Imagine, folks, he's barely up
and sits there with his coffee cup,
while reminiscing of the past
I take the long walk up the staircase to my secret room.
Today's big news: they found Amelia Earhart's shoe, size 9.
1992: Charlie Christian is bebopping at Minton's in 1941.
In a snowy little hamlet lived a boy with a short name
he was sent to the one room school in the town.
All the letters and the numbers did at first look much the same
I know you will reflect
upon your life today.
The happiness can wait
Some years ago
A star was born
A beautiful girl
Every day the whole year through,
I feel grateful you are my father.
Some fathers dont have time for their kids,
Though the timing is rather uncanny,
Happy Birthday, I say, poet Danny.
On another year's crest
To: Denis Joe.........
How did I miss your birthday?
You should have let me know!
A prickly and wise Huckleberry
likes his Scotch so much better than Sherry.
He is still full of tricks
I thank God for giving me a sweet and loving papa
Today is your 50th birthday that means so much to me
Let fifty candles glow on a cake of delight
Happy Birthday to you,
Pure Poetry is a year old today,
All the sixty-one members seem to love you,
Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday
Birthdays comes and goes in every year
but few remains with us as golden memories
Its a special day to celebrate with loved ones
Happy Birthday from us to you
May this one be the best one yet.
Love and peace to you,
A limerick dedicated to HRH Prince Leonard, *    for his 79th Birthday.
A VERY  HAPPY  BIRTHDAY, DEAR  PRINCE  LEONARD! ! ! !
There once was a farmer named Leonard,
Happy Birthday
Blow out the candles and make one wish
Since it's the day where you get your way
How I loved you the day you were born
How I loved you growing into a beautiful woman
How much I wanted the best for you
Yes, He gave the nod,
to the two of you then
and he found it not odd
A fringe of rushes -- one green line
Upon a faded plain;
A silver streak of water-shine --
I'll tell you what is wrong with me
I hope you will not weep
Happy dreams of marder are enchanting my nights sleep
For Margot
Snow that fallest from heaven, bear me aloft on thy wings
To the domes of the star-girdled Seven, the abode of
After they had not made love
she pulled the sheet up over her eyes
until he was buttoning his shirt:
Is there always a happy ending,
to every song and a story.
Some are happy, and others weep,
I'd love to wish you,
'happy everything',
I want to kiss you,
And soon
we'll meet again,
old man.
My lovely kitten,
Eternity kissed,
You brought miracle joy
All the smiles gather today
And hang with you
The sun send its most
'Happy Happy birthday lisalisa'
To the 'LOVELY,
AND MUCH RESPECTED MUSICAL LADY'
Happy Happy birthday Sasha'
To the 'LOVELIEST SUPER MODEL IN THE WORLD'
with the most~
Happy Happy birthday ☆ Toadluvinlady☆ '
To the 'LOVELY, TOAD LUV IN LADY'
with the most~
There's nothing wrong with me
...I'm happy
I live life to wake each day
It's true that in one life
One can't achieve what he wishes,
Or can reach his goal.
Happy he who like Ulysses
Happy he who like Ulysses has returned
successful from his travels, or like he
my dad hides his whiskey
in the toy closet
beside the plastic planes
Happy is England! I could be content
To see no other verdure than its own;
To feel no other breezes than are blown
Thousands of miles away
Once again, it's fookin' Mother's Day!
You and I don't talk,
Born is A New Year!
Gone is an old year;
Let’s add new cheer,
Happy New Year tsunami
Happy New Year hurricanes
Happy New Year earthquakes
i cant wait anymore
night getting longer forever more
waiting for a new start
On poemhunter's busy streets
your average Joe most surely meets
if so inclined, the cream of words
Happy new year,
Happy new year to you,
Say you,
Go ahead and make me sad
It’s okay if it makes you happy
Rip my heart out and stomp on it
Happy the lab'rer in his Sunday clothes!
In light-drab coat, smart waistcoat, well-darn'd hose,
Andhat upon his head, to church he goes;
Happy the man, and happy he alone,
He who can call today his own:
He who, secure within, can say,
The world is so full of a number of things,
I'm sure we should all be as happy as kings.I have to keep reminding myself to forget you.
Forget you and me.
(Happy thoughts, happy thoughts, think happy thoughts.)
I hope your happy with your life
I hope your happy with your wife
I hope you see what you have done
898
How happy I was if I could forget
To remember how sad I am
1510
How happy is the little Stone
That rambles in the Road alone,
How still, how happy! Those are words
That once would scarce agree together;
I loved the plashing of the surge -
Happy soul that free from harms
Rests within his Shepherd's arms!
Who his quiet shall molest?
Happy the man that finds the grace,
The blessing of God's chosen race,
The wisdom coming from above,
Happy the souls to Jesus joined,
And saved by grace alone,
Walking in all his ways they find
Happy the souls that first believed,
To Jesus and each other cleaved,
Joined by the unction from above
I am happy,
You are happy,
We are happy to be both here;
Oh! I am so happy
I am so happy at what
It is happening to me
I'm only happy when it rains
without a cloud in the sky
I'm only happy in these chains
Blessed be Thou for all the joy
My soul has felt today!
O let its memory stay with me
Move eastward, happy earth, and leave
Yon orange sunset waning slow:
From fringes of the faded eve,
Last day of school,
going to the pool.
First day of spring.
Oh! My mama, happy mother’s day
You are the greatest mother I have ever had
You are my mother today
oh yes, i'm so happy
cause i get to hear your lies
i'm so happy
Happy the man to whom his God
No more imputes his sin,
But, washed in the Redeemer's blood,
535
She's happy, with a new Content—
That feels to her—like Sacrament—
How can I then return in happy plight
That am debarred the benefit of rest?
When day's oppression is not eased by night,
A happy family is one blessed by God!
Both parents slog all life for their children;
And children honor parents, without rod;
Your birthday is a special day to you,
That brings fond memories of your earthly birth,
And thoughts of expectations high, anew;
Happiness. Can’t say I’ve ever had it.
Once I met a gleaming happy person,
He was beaming as he asked me to sit,
Happy in sleep, waking content to languish,
Embracing clouds by night; in daytime, mourn;
All things I loath save her and mine own anguish,
Another birthday, God has given you;
’Tis time you thought about your age and health;
God’s love and mercy in life has been true;
Sweet dreams and happy memories,
A love that's good and true;
A home to care for tenderly;
How happy is he born or taught,
That serveth not another's will;
Whose armour is his honest thought,
I saw this day sweet flowers grow thick --
But not one like the child did pick.
I heard the packhounds in green park --
AFTER these vernal rains
That we so warmly sought,
Dear wife, see how our plains
It's when the birds go piping and the daylight slowly breaks,
That, clamoring for his dinner, our precious baby wakes;
Then it's sleep no more for baby, and it's sleep no more for me,
Into the rose gold westland, its yellow prairies roll,
World of the bison's freedom, home of the Indian's soul.
Roll out, O seas! in sunlight bathed,
O FAR away, and far away,
The Happy Islands lie;
In bluer seas of calm than these,
Oh, come with me to the Happy Isles
In the golden haze off yonder,
Where the song of the sun-kissed breeze beguiles,
THERE'S many a strong farmer
Whose heart would break in two,
If he could see the townland
MARTIAL, the things that do attain
The happy life be these, I find:--
The richesse left, not got with pain;
THE woods of Arcady are dead,
And over is their antique joy;
Of old the world on dreaming fed;
To be happy
Is to be happy with oneself.
To be happy
I want to speak of happy things,
Like flying on love's wings,
Like sitting beneath the palm trees
Bring back my email,
Lordy, bring it back.
I never meant to send it,
Are you happy right now or sad?
Are you bitter about your present condition?
You wonder what is wrong with your life
Why can't I be happy
when the world is at my door?
I have all that I'll ever need.
The strong-girl of our home!
She did the hardest chores;
And helped mother at work,
When did you cease to love, then hate, yourself?
What terrible event? How long ago?
What slight misunderstanding, view of self,
I hate the way you tease me,
I hate the way you walk.
I hate the way you look at me,
I hate how you left me without any sign,
I hate that you moved on without saying goodbye,
I hate how your smile makes me give in,
I hate myself for hurting you
The pain and heartache i put you through
I killed the love that we once had
a girl named hate
stood at heavens gate
just wishing to be let in
Reality and not the dreams
It has to be like sun beams
To work for it like a team
It’s a love hate relationship
It’s been like this from the start
He lied to me, tricked my heart
Is it getting clearer...
For those who fear to be themselves.
They who have entertained disrespect,
If this is a game of hide and seek,
I’m over here.
If this is a fairground ride,
Is it best that I not love neighbors
because I don't love my self
very well?
Daddy, I hate you
Daddy, I love you
Daddy, I really don't have a clue
I am writing this alive and with a fever,
'cause I needs to sweat out the virus
and breathe calmly without choking, for once.
Have I ever hurt you?
Hit you?
Pierced you?
Love is not hate
Hate is not the answer to everything
Don’t burn your neighbor’s house down
Don't you just hate it when you lose control?
You try so hard to keep your mouth shut
Then some idiot pushes you over the edge -
.................Of this I know
as sky triumphs over rain,
the central theme in man,
Hard is the love couples share as they try to reveal the love they share-
The words aren't there, hard to find, hard to seek. Love is hard and also blind when you try to hide,  and when you know its there.
Love is hard the up and downs, highs and lows, tares and snares
Just think of hate
Consciously relate
Try to valuate
drive me crazy
make me insane
all these emotions
Hate is a feeling that boils with rage.
Hate is a feeling you lose with age.
Hate is a feeling that eats inside.
Hate by my side,
Wagging his tail
And wanting to be worshiped.
Suferring is what i come from
Suffering is what ill cause
What was once considered scum
There once was a little swine
he was partial to blueberry wine
and he had a fat mother
Hate me when I hate myself
Hate me when I love myself
Just hate me you know you do
I try to hide
But you just keep finding me
I try to run
My enemy came nigh,
And I
Stared fiercely in his face.
Has nothing
Anticipates loss
Terrible attitude
I hate the way you make me cry
Tying knots around me
Forever binding me to this
I had a bitter enemy,
His heart to hate he gave,
And when I died he swore that he
Somewhere, it must have happened first,
The fear, the anger,
The helpless feeling of guilt.
I hate myself for this
I hate this person I've become
I hate who I am and who I thought I would never be
They say hate is another fear
A fear to not love
A fear to not belong
there is so much hate,
and not enough joy
to balance all things out,
I hate those who hate,
I hate myself for not knowing what to hate,
I hate life,
You run through my life...
and took me away from my world...
to yours, unknown world...
Hate yourself, cut
Hate yourself, starve
Hate yourself, bleed
I started out expressing my thoughts...
pouring out my heart and soul
i never planned to look around
I
ate
the
I was born a righteous man
Just like you, I'm a loving man
When you stole my land from me
i dont hate you
like i should
what youve done to me
I had no time to hate, because
The grave would hinder me,
And life was not so ample I
Ouch, to cut my finger...
Pain and blood spills and does longly stay and linger.
To give my sliced append-aged digit a much needed bath...
I hate diplomacy
Hands are of no use tying,
The heart will find a way to win.
i hate it when u look at me
i hate it when u smile ur smile
i hate it when u say hi 2 me and wave
I hate it when you look at me
I hate it when you smile
I hate it when you catch my eye
I hate my life and don't ask why
Cause you might think its just a lie
Everyone hates me, Everyone left me
Sad and lonely
Depressed
Thinking about suicide
I hate that you fooled me
With your infectios smile
I hate that you told me you loved me
I hate,
hate that I can't trust
I hate,
I hate the way you look at me,
And the way you stand and stare,
I hate how you have a lame excuse,
I hate the way you look at me
I hate the way you care
I hate the way you kiss me
I hate the way you act
I hate the way you dress
I hate the way you smell
Please spare me your secrets
I am not your best friend
(atleast not yet! !)
Down my street and through the city lives a little slut that I really pity
She lies and  steals and is whore to the heart
And all day long her legs are apart
I hate that you left me
I have that I fell for you
I hate that your smile haunts
I hate the way you treat me
I hate that everything is how you want it to be
I hate all your lies and silly games
A crime is a crime no matter how you cut it,
A murder is a murder, a rape is a rape,
An assault is what it is,
I hate my mom
i hate the way she doesn't call
i hate the way he act like i'm not here child
no one usually likes the word goodbye.
its a painful word.
that hurts so many poeple
I hate to fly
And do you know why
You stand in huge line
You used to call me your sunshine
And you used to be really fine
I wanted to be in your life
I’m tearing in two
And I’m not sure what to do
My heart is screaming I love him
I am so scared, finding it hard to breath,
my heart beats so fast, I want it to stop.
I can hear your footsteps nearing my door.
my tears are flowing like a rain,
when am trying to catch that love train,
my feet fails to move as they feel pain,
I hate you
I hate that you left me stand stupid for so long
I hate that you thought I could or would take it.
I hate the way i hate you
I hate the way i love you
I hate it that i can’t help thinking of you
i hate you kyle
and i love josh
so i hope that hurts you
I hate you
I hate you
I hate everything you do to me
This poem is to my father. It's a long story, but this is how I feel and this is my way of helping myself feel better after what he did....
I know everyone says hate is a strong word
Hate is a strong
You make me weak.
You make me feel dirty and sick.
You make me crazy,
I was walking through
Sunlit and lonely Melvindale,
Which for all intents and purposes
I love you
And I hate you for it.
You made me fall in love with you
I truly do hate the news
It's full of half truths
And disposable heroes
I want to know what hate is
I want you to show me
I want to know what hate is
Let such pure hate still underprop
Our love, that we may be
Each other's conscience,
Am i to be loved by you a day,
and lost for your heart the other?
Know that if you walked away,
Love me
For what I am
Hate me
Love and Hate are four letter
words that tells lies and that
tells the truth
Ope not thy lips, thou foolish one,
Nor turn to me thy face;
The blasts of heaven shall strike thee down
whom i love strongly is you...
whom i hate strongly too is you...
whom i need strongly is you...
I love you, I hate you
But your always on my mind
I hate the way you  smile
Am I sick cos I hate to hate you,
You made me hate you,
Let myself hate you,
Am I sick cos I hate to hate you,
You made me hate you,
Let myself hate you,
It’s almost midnight on a Tuesday.
he sits on his bed and thinks of what he’s gonna say—
half a case of beer bottles scattered around in diligent dismay.
No hate with hate
Thursday,10th January 2019
If we can win over the internal enemies
Don’t ask me how I am here
standing next to the pro quarterback
as he lofts one down the practice field.
Hate is only one of many responses
true, hurt and hate go hand in hand
but why be afraid of hate, it is only there
Love is my sin, and thy dear virtue hate,
Hate of my sin, grounded on sinful loving,
O, but with mine, compare thou thine own state,
Then hate me when thou wilt; if ever, now;
Now, while the world is bent my deeds to cross,
join with the spite of fortune, make me bow,
Cupid, I hate thee, which I'd have thee know;
A naked starveling ever may'st thou be.
Poor rogue, go pawn thy fascia and thy bow
Oh, summer’s heat,
In my life it lit;
In the mind aims to penetrate,
The day I hate rice
Is several rare day in a year
When I don't eat rice
Brought up in a prejudice dysfunctional household.
Took away the heart that once lived within your soul
Fiery eyes of a demon, a  prejudice beast
The fate of hate is hate
Hate was his way of life
Humanity he did not like
I hate the hate that resides in me now
I hate the hate that is so heavy it weighs me down
I hate the hate that keeps my emotions tightly wound
I hate that you changed.
I hate that you’re the same.
I hate that you left.
Hate is the opposite of love.
These emotions are powerful.
Hate stirs up conflicts and wars.
Emoticon, emoticon...
(which syllable to put the accent on?)
nasty jumpy upandown thingies
They are not words for love or words of love.(haters) i love it when they hate,
they hate on me because,
i look better and dress better,
Heaven is not a place; it is a state;
not in the clouds, nor here on earth beneath;
heaven's not in front, behind, nor left nor right -
Wrapped in your arms
Souls entwined
Floating in love's whipped cream
To finally meet the King of Fathers.
To look upon his face, and know the
one who stood beside us, through
They were created with perfection
But arrived before well baked
Sent to show the way
Dear sweet innocent child of mine.
I am writing you this letter from heaven.
Just to let you know that Mother still loves you.
To you honey,
may you rest in the same peace
I had when we were together
Seeing we never found gay fairyland
(Though still we crouched by bluebells moon by moon)
And missed the tide of Lethe; yet are soon
Gold and Silver
Precious gems untold
Diamonds and pearls
Hearts bleed a beautiful red, like a curtain to our love
We walk through slowly like we don't even hear a sound
With each step we take new comfort and salvation is found
A birthday poem for my wife
A star fell from heaven
Into my arms last night
Had I the heavens' embroidered cloths,
Enwrought with golden and silver light,
The blue and the dim and the dark cloths
There’s an airline plane
Flies to Heaven every day
Past them pearly gates
Two lovers to a midnight meadow came
High in the hills, to lie there hand and hand
Like effigies and look up at the stars,
It’s your birthday today Mum.
And wherever you are, near or far,
I want you to know that we remember you.
Dear Mommy up in heaven,
you’re always in my mind.
I wish that you could tell me
The wave breaks
And I'm carried into it.
This is hell, I know,
Too many long scorching summers of unending heat
have passed and burned away hopes - no rain – defeat.
Fine, powdery and silky, red soils move in the hot winds
She did not know that she was dead,
But, when the pang was o'er,
Sat down to wait her Master's tread
Am I going to be reunited
with all my old pets in heaven?
I sure hope not.
dose heaven know you belong to me?
dose heaven know do the angel see?
why so fast, why this early,
472
Except the Heaven had come so near—
So seemed to choose My Door—
154
Except to Heaven, she is nought.
Except for Angels—lone.
Father in heaven,
Here I am
Ready to listen to your voice
Your favorite chair is vacant now...
No eager barks to greet me.
No softly padded paws to run
Someone told me that when we go to heaven,
it will be full of Hollywood gangster movies and
we’ll have to select which one we want to live
[To be sung to the tune of The Blood of the Lamb with indicated instrument]
I
[Bass drum beaten loudly.]
God lay dead in heaven;
Angels sang the hymn of the end;
Purple winds went moaning,
79
Going to Heaven!
I don't know when—
I reached for your hand, It wasn’t there
I needed your heart, you didn’t care
I was born to you, you couldn’t love me
I HAVE drunk ale from the Country of the Young
And weep because I know all things now:
I have been a hazel-tree, and they hung
HAD I the heavens' embroidered cloths,
Enwrought with golden and silver light,
The blue and the dim and the dark cloths
Night opens wide the burning Macrocosm,-
And heaven's hierarchies come into view
Lo, the spirit sings, and the elements dance
She collects angels
the way others amass shoes,
or a child collects marbles
The end of time is comming,
the signs all say it's true.
Satan is on the loose, he's attacking me and you.
575
"Heaven" has different Signs—to me—
Sometimes, I think that Noon
"Heaven" has different Signs—to me—
Sometimes, I think that Noon
Is but a symbol of the Place—
I have desired to go
Where springs not fail,
To fields where flies no sharp and sided hail,
Heaven is here and now —
drowsing in the sun
on a Sunday afternoon
370
Heaven is so far of the Mind
That were the Mind dissolved—
239
"Heaven"—is what I cannot reach!
The Apple on the Tree—
I want to go to heaven one of these days
Together, the King of heaven we must all praise
It is a place that was made for you and me
May the Lord be my shepherd
you can guide me to heaven
I would never be saved
If you were twenty-seven
and had done time for beating
our ex-wife and had
Fish (fly-replete, in depth of June,
Dawdling away their wat'ry noon)
Ponder deep wisdom, dark or clear,
Heaven, where the streets are made of gold,
Heaven, where you never age or grow old,
Heaven, where lifes secrets unfold,
What happens in heaven?
Will I sit on a cloud?
Is walking or talking
A cloudless sky,
A friendly sea,
A single malt,
Heaven they say is the place to be
Up in the skies all I can see
are abstract clouds of glorious  seas
If Love Is Heaven, And Sadness is Hell
I'm Used To This Sadness And Seperation
Heaven Is Far Away, I Accept Hell Today
929
How far is it to Heaven?
As far as Death this way—
Oh, once I walked in Heaven, all alone
Upon the sacred cliffs above the sky.
God and the angels, and the gleaming saints
I'd pull down heaven and wrap you in the Milky Way If I could,
For you are the sun, the moon, and the stars to me.
If I could, I'd roll the ocean back to lay Atlantis dry beneath your feet,
I dream of a heaven overlooking the river Nile
The Pyramids at a distance
Fishermen in rickety feluccas
243
I've known a Heaven, like a Tent—
To wrap its shining Yards—
I went to heaven,--
'T was a small town,
Lit with a ruby,
I would to heaven that I were so much clay,
As I am blood, bone, marrow, passion, feeling -
Because at least the past were passed away -
In heaven,
Some little blades of grass
Stood before God.
There are so many times
when I see somebody that is old
I mean............very old
FIRST SPIRIT
Sister spirit, listen!
Methinks I hear a song,
Lady of the Lake, your petticoats are better nets,
Bitter nets, finer woven, hoarding.
Wear robes, wear plaster, with a child held high.
Exactly what does one do in eternity?
Do you just walk around all day
in loose-fitting togas?
Last night my soul cried, “O exalted sphere of Heaven, you hang indeed inverted, with flames in your belly.
“Without sin and crime, eternally revolving upon your body in its complaining is the indigo of mourning;
“Now happy, now unhappy, like Abraham in the fire; at once king and beggar like Ebrahim-e Adham.
Standing in the frigid ice,
I shiver at the gust of cold daggers.
Why shall I pay the price,
Mommy, Daddy, how I miss you
and I know you're missing me.
There are windows here in heaven
Where is heaven? you ask me, my child,-the sages tell us it is
beyond the limits of birth and death, unswayed by the rhythm of day
and night; it is not of the earth.
All things bright and beautiful,
All creatures great and small,
All things wise and wonderful,
'Marriages are made in heaven'
so say people in India
a good marriage can your life lengthen
To make a glass cup
It takes few minutes,
But to break it up,
Why are there no tears in Heaven?
Will I forget all my fears in Heaven?
You walked out of your way
Heaven is a place, also a state,
It doth all things excel,
No man can fully it relate,
I am being taken to the royal dungeon.
I will be killed there tonight,
For a crime I never committed,
One year in heaven,
One year you've been there,
So far away,
Praise, my soul, the King of Heaven;
To His feet Thy tribute bring!
Ransomed, healed, restored, forgiven,
In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy.
Drive your cart and your plow over the bones of the dead.
The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.
Somebody Left A Light On For Me In Heaven
(Dedicated to my Family, and Maya Angelou)
Somebody left a light on for me in heaven so I can find my way home
The stairway to heaven
Lies way beyond my soul,
Far-away from my heart,
Drifting on wings of an agnel,
The stairway to Heaven unfolds,
The steps leading up to a city,
388
Take your Heaven further on—
This—to Heaven divine Has gone—
SUDDENLY I saw the cold and rook-delighting heaven
That seemed as though ice burned and was but the more ice,
And thereupon imagination and heart were driven
The little girl
stood in
the meadow.
Here they are.  The soft eyes open.
If they have lived in a wood
It is a wood.
694
The Heaven vests for Each
In that small Deity
I fled Him down the nights and down the days
I fled Him down the arches of the years
I fled Him down the labyrinthine ways
THE ARGUMENT
RINTRAH roars and shakes his
fires in the burdenM air,
How can true knowledge fade and disappear?
Where does it go?  Only the other day
My fingers touched the stars;  and yet today
Deep within the realms of Heaven,
Dwells the one and only King,
Father, Jesus, Lord, Creator,
696
Their Height in Heaven comforts not—
Their Glory—nought to me—
There is an angel in heaven,
He's awake until eleven;
You can hold to his hand
We were just little children
When our neighbour
That funny and clever mister
Open thy gates
To him who weeping waits,
And might come in,
489
We pray—to Heaven—
We prate—of Heaven—
When the shy star goes forth in heaven
All maidenly, disconsolate,
Hear you amid the drowsy even
When we go, do we all have to play harps? If we do,
I'm assuming we'll instantly know how to play them,
right? It's not like we'll have to take lessons or anything,
A warm sunny day of youth
Memories of white linen sheets
Hanging on the line to dry
248
Why—do they shut Me out of Heaven?
Did I sing—too loud?
I watch them from the corner of my eye.
(because I don't want them to think I'm weird)
I wonder how I could get what they have.
Will there be a breeze in heaven?
And if there is, will skinless souls still
Feel the zephyr’s gentle touch?
I know sometimes that clouds bring rain,
in wintertime it's snow,
and spring is good because it makes
Sometimes she is a child within mine arms,
Cowering beneath dark wings that love must chase,--
With still tears showering and averted face,
Take the Narrow Path
To Holy Trinity Turnpike
Turn righteous onto the Jesus Bridge
A hero thinks of others before they think of themselves
A hero will die to protect
A hero can be of any age, any colour
Most boys have their sporting heroes and mine played Gaelic Football
The mighty Mick O Connell the greatest I recall
But Mick O played for Kerry and Cork my favourite team
Don't let me go.
Give me some strength.
Make me a hero,
A hero in the ordinary world,
Washes dishes in the sink
Adventure softly whispers
When dusk dissolves the last shreds of light,
Do heroes lay awake at night?
Or do they dream, brilliant days to come-
This morning, as I cut into
the tough flesh of the huge tomato
with its brown, half-healed scar
A Hero is someone looked up to,
Who others could love to be,
A Hero is someone, who is very courageous,
He was so foolish, the poor lad,
He made superior people smile
Who knew not of the wings he had
Three times I had the lust to kill,
To clutch a throat so young and fair,
And squeeze with all my might until
Tantrum unleashes more furry upon thy battlefield
Heart gleaners the fight
Broken pieces unknown to man
JAMES BRAIDWOOD: Died June 22, 1861.
NOT at the battle front,--writ of in story;
Not on the blazing wreck steering to glory;
He was only 17 when it started
So big, but cute, and brave
We all wonder why it happened
Fighting for this great land
In a far off place
To fight for the freedom of all
If you judge him do not judge him harshly or why judge him at all
Since the darkest of memories are his to recall
Many of his comrades around him under gunfire did fall
In the big fire at Mancini's their house and it's contents were destroyed
And the story of their bad luck it has travelled far and wide
But the story it would have been worse if human lives were lost
Are you ok if tomarrow is the end? Would you be a hero for someone in need? Would you care, or stand and watch? If you knew you could make a difference, would you? If you were one vioce, and this was the last chance to be heard, would you take advantage of the moment and scream out your the word? Would you help someone who you dispised? Would you help someone when you have enough on your plate as it is? Would you help a homeless person find a home, and give them food? If you were with your friends and they were making fun of a person who would be considered a geek or nerd, which side would you be on? would you sacrafice your time to help another, no matter how late it is or who it is?   The world would be a better place it we just helped each other...I know that sounds impossible, but in reality...nothing is impossible if we just put our minds to it and stop being selfish. If we took the time to help someone, then they would probably take the time to help someone else and so on. But it takes more than one person to make a diffrence. It takes all of us. If we did this earlier we might not have had so many wars, therefore so many deaths. If we took the time to do something that really matters the world would be a safer and nicer place to live. I might only be sixteen but that doesn't mean I don't know anything. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that we have to care in order to make the world a better place.  here are some facts that will maybe encourage you to send this poem to others so that we can make a difference and save some lives......1.)  In a recent national survey of students in grades 6 to 10,13% reported bullying others,11% reported being the target of school bullies, and another 6% said they bullied others and were bullied themselves.    2.)  Teen bullying can lead teenagers tense, anxious, and afraid. Some teens feel compelled to take drastic measures, such as carrying weapons to school for protection or violent revenge. Others in desperation even consider suicide.     3.) By 2002,28% of the woman who had reported depression symptoms in 1995 said they'd experienced dating violence or injury from a partner, compared with only 18% of woman who didn't report depression.   4.)  1,439 teens will attempt sucicide in the next 24 hours.6 of them will end in death.   5.) Remember that any ongoing conflicts between a parent and child can fuel the fire for a teen who is feeling isolated, misunderstood, devalued, or suicidal. Get help to air family problems and resolve them in a construcive way.   6.) at last count, there were more than 24,500 different gangs around the country, and more than 772,500 teens and young adults were members of gangs. Some gang members are as young as 12, the average age is about 17 to 18 years old.   7.) Teens join gangs for a variety of reasons. Some are seeking excitment; others are looking for prestige, protection, a chance to make money, or a sense of belonging.---If we make a chioce to be the voice for those who won't speak up for themselves, how many lives would we save? If it was ur kid who got shot because of a disgruntal teen was being picked on and decided to bring a gun to shcool. so please spread the mesage to care and be a hero.would you do me a favour
and take me in your arms
take me some where out of sight
Regimental Sergeant Major James Corrigan MC,
A regular Soldier in World War One,
Was Mortally wounded whilst saving another.
Our two hearts beat as one, forever glowing under the sun.
So rise once more, but shed no tears.
I wasn't afraid to give my life for someone so brave.
Alas! now o'er the civilised world there hangs a gloom
For brave General Gordon, that was killed in Khartoum,
He was a Christian hero, and a soldier of the Cross,
Brave Grant, thou hero of the war,
Thou art the emblem of the morning star,
Transpiring from the East to banish fear,
He died a hero
In a war of vague purpose
We really don't know
He is more than a hero
he is a god in my eyes--
the man who is allowed
He has just turned fifty his fastest pace slow
He is not the man he was twenty years ago
When they used to toast him at the local pub
''Healfast, healfast, ye hero wounds;
O knight, be quickly strong!
Beloved strife
She sits upon her sofa, just sits & stares they say,
She, s waiting for the day to come
When he walks by her way.
It lies not in our power to love or hate,
For will in us is over-rul'd by fate.
hen two are stript long ere the course begin,
See you the towers, that, gray and old,
Frown through the sunlight's liquid gold,
Steep sternly fronting steep?
Both robb'd of air, we both lie in one ground ;
Both whom one fire had burnt, one water drown'dNow was bright Hero weary of the day,
Thought an Olympiad in Leander's stay.
Sol and the soft-foot Hours hung on his arms,
On Hellespont, guilty of true-love's blood,
In view and opposite two cities stood,
Sea-borderers, disjoined by Neptune's might;
By this, sad Hero, with love unacquainted,
Viewing Leander's face, fell down and fainted.
He kissed her and breathed life into her lips,
No longer could the Day nor Destinies
Delay the Night, who now did frowning rise
Into her throne; and at her humorous breasts
A simple being, hero in the classrooms,
Pen and lesson plans are his tools
In imparting knowledge to his learners
Hail great hero!
Hero brave!
We praise you hero!
A Hero is someone looked up to,
Who others could love to be,
A Hero is someone, who is very courageous,
You're my hero; you saved me.
I believe in the change their might be.
Came upon the frightning storm throughtout my days.
'Jack fell as he'd have wished,' the Mother said,
And folded up the letter that she'd read.
'The Colonel writes so nicely.' Something broke
when u r alone
with an empty dark heart
thinking of your hero
No one sits with him
he doesnt fit in
we feel like we do when we make fun of him
The climbing high was stone by stone
bloodied hands and striated hearts
scattered behind on the trail;
Richard strained his eyes
and watched his deliverer
merge into misty shadows.
A face seen passing in a crowded street,
A voice heard singing music, large and free;
And from that moment life is changed, and we
Said he: "You saw the Master clear;
By Rushy Pond alone he sat,
Serene and silent as a seer,
He never asked to be a hero
For him, playing ball would be just fine
Potentially his chance was less than zero
Let Me Be Your HERO
By: Jo E
My daughter, let me be your Hero.
I've now concluded
after giving it much thought;
For all people a hero is sought.
I just sat there
trying to hold in
all my emotions
My hero bares his nerves along my wrist
That rules from wrist to shoulder,
Unpacks the head that, like a sleepy ghost,
you have been there for me
whether i wanted you or not
you mean everything to me
There was a time you held my hand
as a child too young to understand.
You repaired broken toys and shined everyone's shoes.
I sit in the chair that he sat in,
And sleep in the bed where he slept,
The silence is loud to my hearing,
Jesus my Hero God & man
My Lord who’s never far
I salute You because I can
My Hero is Many,
My Hero is One.
My Hero Proudly Holds a Gun.
My hero is the best,
He is better than all the rest,
My hero doesn’t like to admit,
Of all the boys with whom I fought
In Africa and Sicily,
Bill was the bravest of the lot
My Hero can't leap tall buildings with a single bound. He
doesn't wear a black costume with a cape and pointy ears.
He hasn't scored the winning touchdown or shot a three -
my hero, my hero didnt have any special powers,
because my hero didnt fight
my hero didnt have any wings
I was told to draw my hero
something to fight away the bad
while kids drew weapons, superheros, hope
When its late at night
And I am all alone
I look up at the sky
Ned Kelly was a hero and despite what some do say
The legend of his bravery in Australia lives today
As game as Ned Kelly is a well known Aussie quote
Looking back I have done much in this life
I was a child, a mother, and a wife
Yet…I am no ones hero
i caught a frog and put him in a
fishbowl
and said,
The shells burst around me, my first battle has begun.
I could tell with metal flying this was not for fun.
I flopped in a hole that was tilled with rank muck,
Our Fallen Hero
Stands tall in our minds
As he lay lifeless
Onward to her destination,
O'er the stream that Hannah sped,
When a cry of consternation
"Flowers, only flowers -- bring me dainty posies,
Blossoms for forgetfulness," that was all he said;
So we sacked our gardens, violets and roses,
When I think of my favorite song, it is Hero, by Mariah Carey.
To me, the hero inside me is my Mother, because when I feel
I am facing the world alone, she is always there.
Soldiers who wish to be a hero
Are practically zero.
But those who wish to be civilians,
Soldiers who wish to be a hero
Are practically zero.
But those who wish to be civilians,
Without sorrow life is zero
We must accept fate's arrow
If our efforts are thorough
Super Hero
Count back from one to zero
Let us find my super hero
Superman my hero
Is just like my friend
It was just what I want him to be
He is a hero
not by sibling ordinal age,
nor by fate.
From Meelin he came to Millstreet Town to die
For Ireland with a bullet in hie eye
And though more than eighty years since then have come and gone
When you see a Hero,
what do you think of the Hero?
'The Hero is Amazing'
Many people the praises of warriors do sing
And they talk of war as if war is a good thing
There are tears in their eyes when the last post is played
The 27th Regiment has mutinied at Kalapore;
That was the substance of a telegram, which caused great uproar,
At Sattara, on the evening of the 8th of July,
Twas at the camp of Rorke's Drift, and at tea-time,
And busily engaged in culinary operations was a private of the line;
But suddenly he paused, for he heard a clattering din,
Crossing the battlefield early today
Amidst bombs dropping, bullets flying,
I saw a soldier kneel to pray
'O for a knight like Bayard,
Without reproach or fear;
My light glove on his casque of steel,
Mother, let us imagine we are travelling, and passing through a
strange and dangerous country.
You are riding in a palanquin and I am trotting by you on a
'Jack fell as he'd have wished,' the mother said,
And folded up the letter that she'd read.
'The Colonel writes so nicely.' Something broke
Suppose we all do look at things differently
The hero to you not a hero to me
Your hero renowned for his skills at football
The wind blew out from Bergen from the dawning to the day,
There was a wreck of trees and fall of towers a score of miles away,
And drifted like a livid leaf I go before its tide,
Unique friend imposible to find,
caring and loving for the ones who are,
The protector of broken hearts,
You've heard me, scornful, harsh, and discontented,
Mocking and loathing War: you've asked me why
Of my old, silly sweetness I've repented--
Where he lives none does help you when you are down
The one out of work in the poor side of town
A young man in his early twenties with life struggling to cope
He sat at the bar, drinking his Jack
Talking  about the war, since he came back
It ruined his mind, and broke his spirit too
He always wears his war medals on his coat of them he feels so proud
And he has a hearing problem the reason he talks so loud
He says I'm a World war hero of which some don't wish to know
A paradoxical ode, after Shelley.
I.
My soul is an entangled knot,
You and six others lived in this small place.
Yall went in hiding because of your race.
You tried to be quiet, except for one sound.
Never did I ever think of the definition of a hero.
Is a hero someone who defends the innocent who can’t defend themselves?
Does a hero need's to be arcane? Is a hero someone who thinks of others first?
You've watched my work in your millions
every year without fail, as
I'm on the screen so frequently;
You need not be
a combatant soldier
shedding blood
Ten years ago he was a hero a parade for him in the Town
But now he is seen as a has been they built him up and dragged him down
Where are they now when he most needs them him they no longer wish to know
The heroes of the masses they live for their renown
And the masses create their heroes and then drag their heroes down
And the masses are unpredictable they change from day to day
**   HERO AND LEANDER
The Dardanelles is a narrow strait which links, -
The strait of Bosporus with the Aegean Sea;
When I was a little kid about 7 or 8 years old there was this girl. She was a lot older then me. She took care of me when my foster mother and father had a break. She was really caring and polite. I was really fussy but she got me what ever I needed. She showed me there is good out there. So I tried being like her. There was one time she let me steer her car, she still had control of the gas and the brake, I thought it was the coolest thing. When I grew up I noticed when you had no control over anything, you can have control for just a little at a time. You start to know your mistakes. When I was steering that car I was swerving, but I had her to correct my mistakes. Her correcting them for me while I was by her side, I learned it a lot faster then I would of on my own. Now we aren't that close to each other, and I started to forget what she taught me that one day. I didn't like how I was treating other people and I thought about stuff to be a better person.  I thought and thought about it and I remembered what she did for me. I was changing a little at a time. There was a lot more then what I  wrote in this story. I don't know how to thank her, maybe this story will do more than I think. Thank You for being my hero.☼ This poem is in the memory of my great-grandmother who gave me nothing but good memories. If anyone was ever a hero of mine, it would’ve been her. She always had a smile and hug for me. Even in her last few weeks she always gave me the strength that I needed.
Feeling the wind brush my cheek
The warm sun settling on my skin
Stop me if...
The story is,
The Queen visited our local
LET others prate of Greece and Rome,
And towns where they may never be,
The muse should wander nearer home.
I read within a poet's book
A word that starred the page:
"Stone walls do not a prison make,
(To Robert Graves)
I
Here I'm sitting in the gloom
Caxtons are mechanical birds with many wings
and some are treasured for their markings --
they cause the eyes to melt
a soldier coming home
he gets off the bus and looks around
families are being reunited
Goe and count her better houres;
They more happie are than ours.
The day that gives her any blisse
Remembering a Valentine sent to me by a poet from India,1989
You meet the moment with your solace thought.
Your fingers sketch a gray house far away.
She's sweet as a honey on a bacon
fitted like icings on a cake;
So cloudy, bloomy, and easy
When I was dead, my spirit turned
To seek the much-frequented house:
I passed the door, and saw my friends
It's all so familiar and clear,
My eye's accustomed to every turn;
I'm not mistaken- I'm at home;
821
Away from Home are some and I—
An Emigrant to be
Bound for your distant home
you were leaving alien lands.
In an hour as sad as I’ve known
The day that Danny went away
He didn't make a fuss.
It was the second day of May....
'Tis The
SONG OF LITTLE MARY,
Standing at the bar-room door
When wintry winds are no more heard,
And joy's in every bosom,
When summer sings in every bird,
I see you there standing alone
So lonely, so broken
Hollow inside you search
Five minutes here, and they must steal two more!
shameful! Here have I been five mortal years
and not seen home nor one dear kindred face,
The railings were old and rusty,
The door paint was faded and chipped,
The poor old house had seen better days,
Down home to-night the moonshine falls
Across a hill with daisies pied,
The pear tree by the garden gate
Far from my heavenly home,
Far from my Father’s breast,
Fainting I cry, blest Spirit, come
God looked around his garden
And found an empty space;
He then looked down upon this earth
I'm goin' 'ome to Blighty -- ain't I glad to 'ave the chance!
I'm loaded up wiv fightin', and I've 'ad my fill o' France;
I'm feelin' so excited-like, I want to sing and dance,
Pushed and pulled ‘til torn apart
Unprepared for a broken heart
Never feel the pain that’s hidden
Paw marks near one burrow show Graydigger
at home, I bend low, from down there swivel
my head, grasstop level--the world
He'd walked a thousand miles,
shot in the back near Petersburg,
and brought the Russian bullet home.
Gone now the baby's nurse,
a lioness who ruled the roost
and made the Mother cry.
Just Home and Love! the words are small
Four little letters unto each;
And yet you will not find in all
I walk down the small path
bordered either side by bluebells.
As I walk down the path
He saw her from the bottom of the stairs
Before she saw him. She was starting down,
Looking back over her shoulder at some fear.
Far-fetched with tales of other worlds and ways,
My skin well-oiled with wines of the Levant,
I set my face into a filial smile
SHE turn’d the fair page with her fairer hand—
More fair and frail than it was wont to be—
O’er each remember’d thing he lov’d to see
COME, my little children, here are songs for you;
Some are short and some are long, and all, all are new.
You must learn to sing them very small and clear,
Home permanent home
You may welcome
If you have decent home
How brightly glistening in the sun
The woodland ivy plays!
While yonder beeches from their barks
Years I had been from home,
And now, before the door
I dared not open, lest a face
Home is pictures of memories on the wall.
Home is sleeping in my own bed.
Home is waking up to the smell of mom's cooking.
"Where shall we dwell?" say you.
Wandering winds reply:
"In a temple with roof of blue
I came back late and tired last night
Into my little room,
To the long chair and the firelight
Dream with pain from you
Awake with pain from you
I'm afraid to be alone
So long had I travelled the lonely road,
Though, now and again, a wayfairing friend
Walked shoulder to shoulder, and lightened the load,
A home above the year's seasons
home of children animals and apples
a square of empty space
My home sweet home!
You are better than Venice,
You are better than Rome,
Sharers of a common country,
They had met in deadly strife;
Men who should have been as brothers
Mid pleasures and palaces though we may roam,
Be it ever so humble, there's no place like home;
A charm from the sky seems to hallow us there,
Better than higher hotel
Home sweet home is better to be there
More than better areas for fun
Dusty roads greeted me
With a smile.
Welcoming me back,
Home they brought her warrior dead:
She nor swooned, nor uttered cry:
All her maidens, watching, said,
Oh, to be in England
Now that April's there,
And whoever wakes in England
Nobly, nobly Cape Saint Vincent to the North-west died away;
Sunset ran, one glorious blood-red, reeking into Cadiz Bay;
Bluish 'mid the burning water, full in face Trafalgar lay;
Oh something just now must be happening there!
That suddenly and quiveringly here,
Amid the city's noises, I must think
Varus drags me into his affairs
out of the Forum, where I’m seen idling:
to a little whore I immediately saw,
1     W'en I was young boy on de farm, dat 's twenty year ago
2     I have wan frien' he 's leev near me, call Jean Bateese Trudeau
3     An offen w'en we are alone, we lak for spik about
944
I learned—at least—what Home could be—
How ignorant I had been
413
I never felt at Home—Below—-
And in the Handsome Skies
I want my own home
A home I’ll long to be in it
A home where there is real peace
I years had been from home,
And now, before the door,
I dared not open, lest a face
The time that my journey takes is long and the way of it long.
I came out on the chariot of the first gleam of light, and pursued my
voyage through the wildernesses of worlds leaving my track on many a star and planet.
- New Orleans, November 1910
Four weeks have passed since I left, and still
I must write to you of no work. I've worn down
Though bleak these woods, and damp the ground
With fallen leaves so thickly strown,
And cold the wind that wanders round
Retired thoughts enjoy their own delights,
As beauty doth in self-beholding eye ;
Man's mind a mirror is of heavenly sights,
I
My childhood's home I see again,
And sadden with the view;
This is the place that I love the best,
A little brown house, like a ground-bird's nest,
Hid among grasses, and vines, and trees,
1     The sun shines bright in the old Kentucky home,
2     'Tis summer, the darkies are gay,
3     The corn top's ripe and the meadow's in the bloom
My parents have come home laughing
From the feast for Robert Burns, late, on foot;
They have leaned against graveyard walls,
When the wasting embers redden the chimney-breast,
And Life's bare pathway looms like a desert track to me,
And from hall and parlour the living have gone to their rest,
A stranger lies ill, in a distant city,
With no - - letters from home!
The glances that meet him, in lieu of pity,
Oh how I miss those walks in the park,
where birds would sing and dogs did bark.
Nuts for the pigeons and some for the squiriels,
Oh stay at home, my lad, and plough
The land and not the sea,
And leave the soldiers at their drill,
1     Way down upon de Swanee ribber,
2     Far, far away,
3     Dere's wha my heart is turning ebber,
Back, in my fifties, fatter that I was then,
I step on the sand, belch down slight horror to walk
a wincing pit edge, waiting for the pistol shot
On the way home
I came from a journey
On the way home
Prophets have honour all over the Earth,
Except in the village where they were born,
Where such as knew them boys from birth
Sweet Stay-at-Home, sweet Well-content,
Thou knowest of no strange continent;
Thou hast not felt thy bosom keep
"Men know but little more than we,
Who count us least of things terrene,
How happy days are made to be!
7
The feet of people walking home
With gayer sandals go—
When the daylight fades on the tented field,
And the campfire cheerfully burns,
Then the Soldier's thought, like a carrier dove,
What does a hangman think about
When he goes home at night from work?
When he sits down with his wife and
To the Right Honourable Mildmay, Earl of Westmoreland
Come, sons of summer, by whose toil
We are the lords of wine and oil;
Come, Sons of Summer, by whose toil
We are the lords of wine and oil:
By whose tough labours, and rough hands,
Trust and treachery, wisdom, folly,
Madness, mirth and melancholy,
Love and hatred, thrift and pillage,
I paced alone on the road across the field while the sunset was
hiding its last gold like a miser.
The daylight sank deeper and deeper into the darkness, and the
When I go back from Billy's place I always have to roam
The mazy road, the crazy road that leads the long way home.
Ma always says, "Why don't you come through Mr Donkin's land?
Come back to me, little dancing feet that roam the wide world o'er,
I long for the lilt of your flying steps in my silent rooms once more;
Come back to me, little voices gay with laughter and with song,
Home they brought her warrior dead:
She nor swoon'd nor utter'd cry:
All her maidens, watching, said,
Close on the margin of a brawling brook
That bathes the low dell's bosom, stands a Cot;
O'ershadow'd by broad Alders. At its door
All night a door floated down the river.
It tried to remember little incidents of pleasure
from its former life, like the time the lovers
They went home and told their wives,
that never once in all their lives,
had they known a girl like me,
207
Tho' I get home how late—how late—
So I get home - 'twill compensate—
TO friends at home, the lone, the admired, the lost
The gracious old, the lovely young, to May
The fair, December the beloved,
It takes a lot of a person's life
To be French, or English, or American
Or Italian. And to be at any age. To live at any certain time.
The fire burns bright
And the hearth is clean swept,
As she likes it kept,
Unaware of my crime
they stood me in the dock.
I was sentenced to life....
There's a happy time coming,
When the boys come home.
There's a glorious day coming,
On a lonely selection far out in the West
An old woman works all the day without rest,
And she croons, as she toils 'neath the sky's glassy dome,
When thou must home to shades of underground,
And there arriv'd, a new admired guest,
The beauteous spirits do engirt thee round,
Sing, O Muse, in treble clef,
A little song of the A.E.F.,
And pardon me, please, if I give vent
725
Where Thou art—that—is Home—
Cashmere—or Calvary—the same—
In the city set upon slime and loam
They cry in their parliament 'Who goes home?'
And there comes no answer in arch or dome,
A sea of defunct toys
Canvas of walls smeared
with colors of joy;
Hopes – that soar –
like kites in wind -
above the truth –
Off the coast of California
where else
hornyhead turbot
My banks they are furnish'd with bees,
Whose murmur invites one to sleep;
My grottos are shaded with trees,
A sunstroke sunflower yawn in the whirlwind
and a scapegoat scamper with his old wheelbarrow
which is full of manure.
I refuse to be depressed,
'cause I'm totally obsessed,
with the feeling that I'm really lying.
SO many crosses,
so little hope, so many
puppets, praying for
All hope lies in tomorrow
Betrayed by yesterday
For every new horizon
Soar not too high,  O bird of Hope!
Because the skies are fair;
The tempest may come on apace
Dare I hope to hope?
Is it safe? Is it right?
Am I hoping for nothing
Dare to find hope
Dare to live your dreams
Find the hope to believe.
Don't give up hope
Don't give up hope
There is still a whole slew of scope in hope
So many
Different dreary  worlds,
That it’s hard to make a choice,
I.
Beautiful Evelyn Hope is dead!
Sit and watch by her side an hour.
Hope is forever dreaming
Faith is forever pure
While charity weighs up its lot
Charity it found me
Faith it held me
Hope it kept me
I’ve seen dark eyes
Of imminent oblivion,
I’ve felt the warm breath
522
Had I presumed to hope—
The loss had been to Me
It's been eleven years,
since I first met you.
I know that the blessed,
When the weary night is fled,
And the morning sky is red,
Then my heart doth rise and say,
Strong are thine arms, O love, & strong
Thine heart to live, and love, and long;
But thou art wed to grief and wrong:
Even as things go downhill
And life becomes hell
Hope floats
Today we face the trying times
Of heartache and pain.
Many hopes and dreams are shattered,
. . . . . . . .
Hope holds to Christ the mind’s own mirror out
To take His lovely likeness more and more.
Live in hope,
Hope, hope and hope.
Let me say again
The hissing wind and the swishing sea
with a vengeance turns the wind to lee
Ragging sails, the ship is free
Just remember that hope goes a long way.
As long as you have a little you are still doing okay.
Everything will be alright, the sun will start to shine,
Hope is a tattered flag and a dream of time.
Hope is a heartspun word, the rainbow, the shadblow in white
The evening star inviolable over the coal mines,
I hope my family get a long like they use too
I hope God finds away to bring my brother
back from drugs
Once in your lifetime,
You would have thought that
What am I doing with my life?
When the desperation hit
When the people cried in the streets
When everything felt at loss
'Hope' is the thing with feathers—
That perches in the soul—
And sings the tune without the words—
Hope Was Hoping
That Hopefully
It would be
Hope is an expectation or
Desire for certain event,
It relates to persons, things
The Tree of Knowledge we in Eden prov'd;
The Tree of Life was thence to Heav'n remov'd:
Hope is the growth of Earth, the only Plant,
The heart is a womb where hope is born
It is conceived in the mind
Believed to be blind
Hope is a nice word,
people use it a lot.
Hope has a deep meaning
Hope was but a timid friend;
She sat without the grated den,
Watching how my fate would tend,
AS I LOOK INTO THE FUTURE,
I HOPE FOR PEACE.
PEACE OF MIND
We speak with the lip, and we dream in the soul,
Of some better and fairer day;
And our days, the meanwhile, to that golden goal
I've heard hopes enough,
Enough to keep you alive,
They say that hopes a joyous feeling,
What is hope, ask a bee in cold winter days,
she hangs around the pruned rose bushes,
with the hope that someday the spring will come,
SEE through yon cloud that rolls in wrath,
One little star benignant peep,
To light along their trackless path
Hope is the sweet, sweet scent
of flowers in the morning
Hope is the cool gentle breeze
All treasures of the earth and opulent seas,
Metals and odorous woods and cunning gold,
Fowls of the air and furry beasts untold,
Unrealized directions
Unexpressed dreams
Untested wishes
Hope is what I am made of every day
I hope
I hope for
Keep hope in your heart,
Keep it there till there's more.
More of what many should have, but are just to afraid to hold.
The spirit killeth, but the letter giveth life.
The week is dealt out like a hand
That children pick up card by card.
I'm writing you this poem,
For you being you,
I'm writing you this poem,
Hope swirls around the little boy's head
Jumping on the bed Christmas morning
Giddy and laughing
Im not crazy
Im not dreaming
I hope
Hope
Sigh not for there is hope
Doubt not because it is there
Keep hope in your heart,
Keep it there till there's more.
More of what many should have, but are just to afraid to hold.
And some will have their lines
dying in the clasped palms
some unities would eventually unite
I hope your happy with your life
I hope your happy with your wife
I hope you see what you have done
I hope I hope
You will come
You will come to me
I hope you surf the waves in form the ocean,
Big and small.
I hope you watch the sunset,
I hope
That a friend in need
Is a freind indeed
If you only care about the ones
within your small arms reach
there's so much you will never know
1 I am the man that hath seen affliction by the rod of his wrath.
2 He hath led me, and brought me into darkness, but not into light.
3 Surely against me is he turned;
I was a grovelling creature once,
And basely cleaved to earth:
I wanted spirit to renounce
Love is one identifying mark that sets Believers and others apart.
Men will know us from others when we have love one for another.
Love covers a multitude of sin, when you have Christ’s love within.
Love without hope, as when the young bird-catcher
Swept off his tall hat to the Squire's own daughter,
So let the imprisoned larks escape and fly
Grey street corner
A frozen room
Lonely bed
Now let no charitable hope
Confuse my mind with images
Of eagle and of antelope:
Oh, they have robbed me of the hope
My spirit held so dear;
They will not let me hear that voice
Switch off the TV, stop all sounds
Shut down the comp, turn off the lights
Let no one come calling
Hope
Hope and Faith go hand in hand.
Hope for the future.
Angel of hope come to me
Mend my heart with golden thread
Weave your healing all around
SINCE thou hast given me this good hope, O God,
That while my footsteps tread the flowery sod
And the great woods embower me, and white dawn
O sweet To-morrow! -
After to-day
There will away
There is a faint Rainbow in the night's Sky;
The scorching-Summer has not had mid-show'rs;
The air is hot and sultry, very dry;
O, ever skilled to wear the form we love!
To bid the shapes of fear and grief depart;
Come, gentle Hope! with one gay smile remove
A girl of beauty, shy and innocent!
She liked to stay aloof in her own world;
She read a lot of books while in convent:
Delusive Hope! more transient than the ray
That leads pale twilight to her dusky bed,
O'er woodland glen, or breezy mountain's head,
False hope prolongs my ever certain grief,
Trait'rous to me and faithful to my love;
A thousand times it promis'd me relief,
Cherish you then the hope I shall forget
At length, my lord, Pieria?—put away
For your so passing sake, this mouth of clay
I believe that horses can heal,
I believe that their hearts feel all that we feel,
I believe that the joy from riding is real,
I’m searching the expansive, azure sky
For a woman’s anodyne brown eyes
That escaped from her face
"Delicta juventutis et ignorantius ejus, quoesumus ne memineris, Domine."
I left, to earth, a little maiden fair,
With locks of gold, and eyes that shamed the light;
Though I have watched so many mourners weep
O'er the real dead, in dull earth laid asleep—
Those dead seemed but the shadows of my days
Is there another world for this frail dust
To warm with life and be itself again?
Something about me daily speaks there must,
Endless dark - or so it seems,
life is shattered, with all our dreams
of joy and hope, the fading light,
PART I (excerpt)
...
Where barbarous hordes on Scythian mountains roam,
If the road of hope make you tired,
remember,
i exist,
779
The Service without Hope—
Is tenderest, I think—
There is always hope for tomorrow
We start a brand new day
No one knows what is in store
There was this hope
In one man's dream:
With all his heart,
WHEN by my solitary hearth I sit,
And hateful thoughts enwrap my soul in gloom;
When no fair dreams before my "mind's eye" flit,
Is to believe
In that a Greater Authority
Will take care of things
We will not lose hope
One day all will have freedom
All will live in peace
Hope, a magical word of four letters
Although everyone struggle to hold fast, scared of loosing it,
Never vanishes from anyone’s life, well what is hope?
When Hope but made Tranquillity be felt--
A Flight of Hopes for ever on the wing
But made Tranquillity a conscious Thing--
WHEN THERE IS NO HOPE AND NOTHING TO HOPE FOR
When there is no hope and nothing to hope for
When no specific path presents itself
The tears fall, but no one's there to heed them,
The heart it mourns, but no one sees the hurt.
An emptiness has seeped into the brainstem,
All Nature seems at work. Slugs leave their lair--
The bees are stirring--birds are on the wing--
And WINTER slumbering in the open air,
Every human being living on this earth hope for something
Poor people hope that one day money will come their way
The rich folks hope to multiply their assets before long
It is dark, no moon, no light
Just darkness, a starless sky
The wind blows, the waves break
You gave me words of hope, are they not long delayed?
The plum-tree is remembered by the Spring,
Though it seemed dead with frost.After you’ve negotiated that artfully-conceived
sharp elbow bend in the long, grand drive
through the fields of its estate,
After death visited,
they opened the house
as a museum
My house is always upside down
It is the funniest house in town
If you throw waste in a dustbin
I knew that a baby was hid in that house,
Though I saw no cradle and heard no cry;
But the husband was tip-toeing 'round like a mouse,
There is a street in every town that owns a house
called lonely. Then when your just passing by you might
just say, 'if only.
From my cottage kitchen window I can see
Two fields away the blue, the shining sea
And ships that slowly glide to far-off shores
399
A House upon the Height—
That Wagon never reached—
Lured by the wall, and drawn
To stare below the roof,
Where pigeons nest aloof
GOD grant a blessing on this tower and cottage
And on my heirs, if all remain unspoiled,
No table or chair or stool not simple enough
Lord, thou hast given me a cell,
Wherein to dwell;
A little house, whose humble roof
How sweet it were, if without feeble fright,
Or dying of the dreadful beauteous sight,
An angel came to us, and we could bear
The neighbors' dog will not stop barking.
He is barking the same high, rhythmic bark
that he barks every time they leave the house.
'T was Fultah Fisher's boarding-house,
Where sailor-men reside,
And there were men of all the ports
That deaf old man
With his hand to his ear--
His hand to hi head stood out like a shell,
475
Doom is the House without the Door—
'Tis entered from the Sun—
But please walk softly as you do.
Frogs dwell here and crickets too.
Ain't no ceiling, only blue.
The first was like a dream through summer heat,
The second like a tedious numbing swoon,
While the half-frozen pulses lagged to beat
A Sonnet is a moment's monument,
Memorial from the Soul's eternity
To one dead deathless hour. Look that it be,
I dwell in a lonely house I know
That vanished many a summer ago,
And left no trace but the cellar walls,
I love to go to Grampa's house.
He lives far, far away.
It's hard to sit still in the car
In silent night when rest I took
For sorrow near I did not look
I waked was with thund'ring noise
The winter sun, golden and tired,
settles on the irregular army
of bottles. Outside the trucks
Indoors the tang of a tiny oil lamp. Outdoors
The winking signal on the waste of sea.
Indoors the sound of the wind. Outdoors the wind.
I turn around on the gravel
and go back to the house for a book,
something to read at the doctor’s office,
I watched the Moon around the House
Until upon a Pane --
She stopped -- a Traveller's privilege -- for Rest --
Someone was calling someone;
now they've stopped. Beyond the glass
the rose vines quiver as in
In Arthur's house whileome was I
When happily the time went by
In midmost glory of his days.
A stone's throw out on either hand
From that well-ordered road we tread,
And all the world is wild and strange;
THE HOUSE
The cornerstone in Truth is laid,
The guardian walls of Honour made,
Waking to the early morning sound
Of a single trolling motor
Off in the misty distance
I went to Love's old treasure house last night,
Alone, when all the world was still -- asleep,
And saw the miser Memory, grown gray
In the burned house I am eating breakfast.
You understand: there is no house, there is no breakfast,
yet here I am.
The house was empty and
the people of the house
gone many months
And this reft house is that the which he built,
Lamented Jack ! And here his malt he pil'd,
Cautious in vain ! These rats that squeak so wild,
14
One Sister have I in our house,
And one, a hedge away.
Severe against the pleasant arc of sky
The great stone box is cruelly displayed.
The street becomes more dreary from its shade,
IT fell on a day, and a bonnie simmer day,
When green grew aits and barley,
That there fell out a great dispute
The bustle in a house
The morning after death
Is solemnest of industries
BY the City Dead-House, by the gate,
As idly sauntering, wending my way from the clangor,
I curious pause--for lo! an outcast form, a poor dead prostitute
Where a faint light shines alone,
Dwells a Demon I have known.
Most of you had better say
Dusk in the rain-soaked garden,
And dark the house within.
A door creaked: someone was early
Life and Thought have gone away
Side by side,
Leaving door and windows wide.
All ye good people, afar and near,
To my request pray lend an ear;
I advise you all without delay to go
Here, as in childhood, Brother, no one knows us.
And someone has died, and someone is not yet
born, while our father walks through his church at night
Love I was shewn upon the mountain-side
And bid to catch Him ere the dropp of day.
See, Love, I creep and Thou on wings dost ride:
We caught the tread of dancing feet,
We loitered down the moonlit street,
And stopped beneath the harlot's house.
Oh, very gloomy is the house of woe,
Where tears are falling while the bell is knelling,
With all the dark solemnities that show
At the back of the houses there is the wood.
While there is a leaf of summer left, the wood
Makes sounds I can put somewhere in my song,
I would build a cloudy House
For my thoughts to live in;
When for earth too fancy-loose
I.
The sun goes down in a cold pale flare of light.
The trees grow dark: the shadows lean to the east:
One, from his high bright window in a tower,
Leans out, as evening falls,
And sees the advancing curtain of the shower
Up high black walls, up sombre terraces,
Clinging like luminous birds to the sides of cliffs,
The yellow lights went climbing towards the sky.
The snow floats down upon us, mingled with rain...
It eddies around pale lilac lamps, and falls
Down golden-windowed walls.
Over the darkened city, the city of towers,
The city of a thousand gates,
Over the gleaming terraced roofs, the huddled towers,
Midnight; bells toll, and along the cloud-high towers
The golden lights go out . . .
The yellow windows darken, the shades are drawn,
More towers must yet be built—more towers destroyed—
Great rocks hoisted in air;
And he must seek his bread in high pale sunlight
The warm sun dreams in the dust, the warm sun falls
On bright red roofs and walls;
The trees in the park exhale a ghost of rain;
'Draw three cards, and I will tell your future . . .
Draw three cards, and lay them down,
Rest your palms upon them, stare at the crystal,
Round white clouds roll slowly above the housetops,
Over the clear red roofs they flow and pass.
A flock of pigeons rises with blue wings flashing,
She turned her head on the pillow, and cried once more.
And drawing a shaken breath, and closing her eyes,
To shut out, if she could, this dingy room,
Two lovers, here at the corner, by the steeple,
Two lovers blow together like music blowing:
And the crowd dissolves about them like a sea.
Well,—it was two days after my husband died—
Two days!  And the earth still raw above him.
And I was sweeping the carpet in their hall.
The days, the nights, flow one by one above us,
The hours go silently over our lifted faces,
We are like dreamers who walk beneath a sea.
'Number four—the girl who died on the table—
The girl with golden hair—'
The purpling body lies on the polished marble.
As evening falls,
And the yellow lights leap one by one
Along high walls;
You read—what is it, then that you are reading?
What music moves so silently in your mind?
Your bright hand turns the page.
The lamplit page is turned, the dream forgotten;
The music changes tone, you wake, remember
Deep worlds you lived before,—deep worlds hereafter
Of what she said to me that night—no matter.
The strange thing came next day.
My brain was full of music—something she played me—;
The cigarette-smoke loops and slides above us,
Dipping and swirling as the waiter passes;
You strike a match and stare upon the flame.
This is the house.  On one side there is darkness,
On one side there is light.
Into the darkness you may lift your lanterns—
You see that porcelain ranged there in the window—
Platters and soup-plates done with pale pink rosebuds,
And tiny violets, and wreaths of ivy?
Wind blows.  Snow falls.  The great clock in its tower
Ticks with reverberant coil and tolls the hour:
At the deep sudden stroke the pigeons fly . . .
We sit together and talk, or smoke in silence.
You say (but use no words) 'this night is passing
As other nights when we are dead will pass . . .'
From time to time, lifting his eyes, he sees
The soft blue starlight through the one small window,
The moon above black trees, and clouds, and Venus,—
Now, when the moon slid under the cloud
And the cold clear dark of starlight fell,
He heard in his blood the well-known bell
'This envelope you say has something in it
Which once belonged to your dead son—or something
He knew, was fond of?  Something he remembers?—
The door is shut.  She leaves the curtained office,
And down the grey-walled stairs comes trembling slowly
Towards the dazzling street.
Well, as you say, we live for small horizons:
We move in crowds, we flow and talk together,
Seeing so many eyes and hands and faces,
BOOK I    Incipit liber primus.
God turne us every dreem to gode!
For hit is wonder, be the rode,
My wearied heart bade me farewell and left for the House of Fortune. As he reached that holy city which the soul had blessed and worshipped, he commenced wondering, for he could not find what he had always imagined would be there. The city was empty of power, money, and authority.
And my heart spoke to the daughter of Love saying, "Oh Love, where can I find Contentment? I heard that she had come here to join you."
And the daughter of Love responded, "Contentment has already gone to preach her gospel in the city, where greed and corruption are paramount; we are not in need of her."
Here we broached the Christmas barrel,
Pushed up the charred log-ends;
Here we sang the Christmas carol,
What smouldering senses in death's sick delay
Or seizure of malign vicissitude
Can rob this body of honour, or denude
They are all gone away,
The house is shut and still,
There is nothing more to say.
They are building a house
half a block down
and I sit up here
This poem has a door, a locked door,
and curtains drawn against the day,
but at night the lights come on, one
The house was quiet and the world was calm.
The reader became the book; and summer night
Was like the conscious being of the book.
Whenever I walk to Suffern along the Erie track
I go by a poor old farmhouse with its shingles broken and black.
I suppose I've passed it a hundred times, but I always stop for a minute
NOW first, as I shut the door,
I was alone
In the new house; and the wind
In through the porch and up the silent stair;
Little is changed, I know so well the ways;--
Here, the dead came to meet me; it was there
Hope went by and Peace went by
And would not enter in;
Youth went by and Health wnt by
Your door is shut against my tightened face,
And I am sharp as steel with discontent;
But I possess the courage and the grace
Command the roof, great Genius, and from thence
Into this house pour down thy influence,
That through each room a golden pipe may run
911
Too little way the House must lie
From every Human Heart
If you should look for this place after a handful
of lifetimes:
Perhaps of my planted forest a few
Under my house
an inchworm
measuring the joists.
HOW should the world be luckier if this house,
Where passion and precision have been one
Time out of mind, became too ruinous
Within this sober Frame expect
Work of no Forrain Architect;
That unto Caves the Quarries drew,
In silent night when rest I took,
For sorrow near I did not look,
I waken'd was with thund'ring noise
Daddy went hunting.
Mamma went too.
Daddy got a deer,
Far off in the bush veldt near to Marken,
where the red sand lies like sea sand,
a young hunter on a day
Put the saddle on the mare,
For the wet winds blow;
There's winter in the air,
Here's a health to every sportsman, be he stableman or lord,
If his heart be true, I care not what his pocket may afford;
And may he ever pleasantly each gallant sport pursue,
Hunters, where does Hope nest?
Not in the half-oped breast,
Nor the young rose,
I throw my gun in the back of my truck
With it I hope to kill a 12-point buck
While in the woods, BANG! I see the deer fall
Who knows the hours
Of evening showers
And drying flowers
The hunter’s.308 Musgrave hunting rifle
lies next to him in pieces
in the faint light of the hunting lodge
Soaring gull, against the sky
I, on wing, to circle high
On a path to seek, begin
(This is a fictional poem)
When my friend and I went deer hunting, I accidentally shot a doe.
If you're wondering if I got away with it, the answer is no.
Deer hunting time is here again
And many hunters take to the woods
After months of planning with family and friends
Pitch black outside, ten below zero,
Man I am freezing cold;
My age is starting to creep up on me,
The Vanishing
They sought it with thimbles, they sought it with care;
They pursued it with forks and hope;
The Beaver's Lesson
They sought it with thimbles, they sought it with care;
They pursued it with forks and hope;
The Landing
"Just the place for a Snark!" the Bellman cried,
As he landed his crew with care;
The Hunting
The Bellman looked uffish, and wrinkled his brow.
"If only you'd spoken before!
The Bellman's Speech
The Bellman himself they all praised to the skies--
Such a carriage, such ease and such grace!
The Banker's Fate
They sought it with thimbles, they sought it with care;
They pursued it with forks and hope;
The Barrister's Dream
They sought it with thimbles, they sought it with care;
They pursued it with forks and hope;
The Baker's Tale
They roused him with muffins--they roused him with ice--
They roused him with mustard and cress--
For Hunting...
Heart is given only with heart...
Nobody can fly with one wing.
A so called sport of the upper class that inspired the bards to rhyme
Fox hunting is banned in Britain everything has it's time
For nothing last forever it had passed it's use by date
THE FOX MEDITATES
When Samson set my brush afire
To spoil the Timnites barley,
Going hunting for some poets
The ones with bite and teeth
And when I find their tracks
A Golden Eagle stands tall upon its perch,
with keen eyes, for its next victim to search.
Suddenly it spreads wings, is off with a lurch,
Come come
You are welcome.
If infact
Lawyers do deliver a death kiss—
Helping crooks jaws of justice to miss,
Hands of laws to forestall,
Fading seductions,
And reduced temptations...
Do not leave easy,
Some houses seem to welcome you.
You feel at ease immediately.
It is if the walls recall
Time was when spring returned we went
To find another home to rent;
We wanted fresher, cleaner walls,
For years we have gone hunting.
I've loved sitting next to him in his deer blind
or sitting quietly in my own.
Fears of rejection,
Tears of dejection,
She is an ordinary girl,
Weren’t there poets before there were words,
Cause didn’t they need love in the boreal eras of moose and rime-
My brothers, the grandfathers of her eyes of sad prehistory;
When I was little and it was a rainy day,
My Mom wouldn’t let me go out to play.
Said I had to stay in or I’d get a cold,
If I were the compassionless sort
without regard for flowing sanctity,
and if hunger more dire than thirst
As he moves the mine detector
A few inches over the ground,
Making it vitally float
good will hunting
hunting down answers
begins with knowing
How can I give you more of this ever failing verse?
I pick a line for you, it withers before it reaches your lips.
If I do not pick something beautiful enough,
Our story’s noble as its tragic
like the grimace of a tyrant
no drama’s chance or magic
Sun comes and goes
So desperate, my mind is spinning
'I am single' the wind is singing
In my youth I was a hunter.
As age advances, I hunt for memory.
I remember planting flowers by the front steps,
Snow last night
Early this year
Flakes still flutter
Hunting or fishing – which is better?
That is what I am thinking about!
In business many hunt for customers;
I walk with a guide
(that’s what they call
a tracker now days)
I am hunting inside my soul
For the hidden treasures
That had been kept
Hunting season is coming up
And deer is your main prey
Wear bright colors, so you wont get stuck
'Where 'she said
'does love live? '
Is it in your eyes?
Hunting poetry,
Testing the strength of the words
In the wood of thoughts.Gun hunting season opens tomorrow morning
my husband is gathering his hunting gear around.
He'll be getting up really early in the morning
hunting season
Every Saturdays and Sunday there is a war going on in the woods,
man against birds and rabbits. On my lemon tree sparrows and
As the dawn was breaking the Sambhur belled
Once, twice, and again!
And a doe leaped up -- and a doe leaped up
Round us rolls the heather's sheen,
Heather's sheen,
'Neath the falcon of our queen,
Tek a cool night, good an' cleah,
Skiff o' snow upon de groun';
Jes' 'bout fall-time o' de yeah
Ye darksome Woods where Echo dwells,
Where every bud with freedom swells
To meet the glorious day:
Waken, lords and ladies gay,
On the mountain dawns the day;
All the jolly chase is here
Hunting The Light
Travelling down the sewers
of this ungrateful soul of mine
people make
trouble for
themselves...
W HEN misty, misty mornings come,
When wild geese low are flying,
And down along the reedy marsh
That was the age of nineteen,
The age for searching for the queen.
Many were spotted on line,
Well he’s gone and I gotta tell ya
It seems eerie here alone
I kind of miss his presence
I'm going hunting with my dad.
And trust me it's not bad.
I'm hunting rabbits, and squirrels, and stuff.
I Hunted Words Of Skill
To Make Your Insides Feel
Joy and Peace and Love
He is hungry as a shark
Always looking for a lark
I don't mean the bird
I am bereft of anger
that has passed through rage
For the empty humans that
A dragonfly rescued
from the gossamer
and flew away.........................
A Great Inquiso Censo Decree
Left only ends removed  the buts
Resting on a Ph Degreejob hunting...
a yellow leaf drifts
from branch to branch
Job hunting
The interviews are on |She is unadorned
Whirling fans creak.
His spots are the joy of the Leopard: his horns are the Buffalo’s pride.
Be clean, for the strength of the hunter is known by the gloss of his hide.
If ye find that the bullock can toss you, or the heavy-browed Sambhur can gore;
Nudes -- stark and glistening,
Yelling in lurid glee. Grinning faces
And raging limbs
Forward! Hark forward's the cry!
One more fence and we're out on the open,
So to us at once, if you want to live near us!
Chorus.—MY lady's gown, there's gairs upon't,
And gowden flowers sae rare upon't;
But Jenny's jimps and jirkinet,
Best poets are featured
their best poems nurtured
branded as monumental inscribe
PREFACE
If---and the thing is wildly possible---the charge of writing
nonsense were ever brought against the author of this brief but
Kudos to a failed hunting
The net was laid perfect
No chances for a rabbit to escape
The sun is dropping down
That orange ball has begun to glow
It won't be very long now
Hunting birds scream that they should
Have seen the fish in the river,
The girls in the stream; but they have to
With cruel nails, big wings mighty eagle
Is too ferocious a hunting bird
Hunts and hunts facing no trouble
Inward
Voyage through mind
Trekking along steadfast
You always washed artifacts
at the kitchen sink, your back
to the room, to me, to the mud
They run for hours on end each day through grasses gray and brown
Race antelope to a stand still and drag big zebra down
Outlast the speedy wildebeest their victims die in pain
PoemHunter hunts poems
All daylong go the games,
The members take part in
Into the rose gold westland, its yellow prairies roll,
World of the bison's freedom, home of the Indian's soul.
Roll out, O seas! in sunlight bathed,
SOUND not the Horn!--the guarded relic keep:
A faithful sharer of its master's sleep:
His life it gladden'd--to his life belong'd,--
Full of wrath was Hiawatha
When he came into the village,
Found the people in confusion,
Fit the First
THE LANDING
'Just the place for a Snark!' the Bellman cried,
One weekend a hunting party
comes together on Serfaas Lourens’s farm
and they consist out of family, friends
No more the summer floweret charms,
The leaves will soon be sere,
And Autumn folds his jewelled arms
Full of wrath was Hiawatha
When he came into the village,
Found the people in confusion,
There ought to be a Worldwide ban on whale hunting since all species of whales are becoming rare
And of the justification of killing them in the name of so called science the enlightened and aware
On the sensitive issue of whaling will tell you that this is all lies
There is the remorseless, tireless seeking
and following of the soul by the Divine Life.
The inexorable onward sweep of this
Wide windy reaches of high stubble field;
A long gray road, bordered with dusty pines;
A wagon moving in a 'cloud by day.'
"Let's get going hunting geese" said Jack impatiently
"I don't know how to use my sights" said John hopelessly
"It can be lots of fun
It seems like we thrive from the adrenaline flow
While hunting the morning of the very first snow.
For all the mornings that we practically froze
The Sage’s unkind action
Brought a total destruction
Of lives and property
I am hunting my wayward heart.
I can feel that steady drum beat,
Following the ruby river
(limerick) A-Hunting We Will Go
As a foot soldier tanks were my bane
Run and hide. Here comes nothing but pain
As a kid did you e'er share this caper?
We would eagerly look in the paper
For pics of Saint Nick
"I am sure there's an opening for me
So ambitious andclever... agree? "
"Absolutely, my friend
Though shooting stars commemorate the birth
of deities, no stellar signs appear
to eulogize the dime-a-dozen worth
Complex, can't understand,
A simple man,
My husband.
I'm looking for a husband, you know the sort of chap
The kind of guy who copes with things and never has a flap
The one who fixes cars and bikes and often mows the lawn
A husband should be
Loyal and honest
A husband should be
Absent upon Public Employment
My head, my heart, mine eyes, my life, nay more,
My joy, my magazine, of earthly store,
Phoebus make haste, the day's too long, begone,
The silent night's the fittest time for moan;
But stay this once, unto my suit give ear,
My husband Vinny Christensen
He's now thirty seven, but he looks younger
He has beautiful eyes with his sweet smile
Eating, wearing flowers, delight in heart
and beautifying are all only for him, to see!
O' my friend!  While knowing that in spite
Away the startled pheasant flies,
With lazy movement of his wings.
Borne was my heart's lord from my eyes;--
The dolichos grows and covers the thorn,
O'er the waste is the dragon-plant creeping.
The man of my heart is away and I mourn--
His lady to the marquis says,
'The cock has crowed; 'tis late.
Get up, my lord, and haste to court.
The days were bright
But remained light
Showing me no further purpose
TO these whom death again did wed
This grave 's the second marriage-bed.
For though the hand of Fate could force
My love, this is the bitterest, that thou---
Who art all truth, and who dost love me now
As thine eyes say, as thy voice breaks to say---
All married men want to be called a good husband
A good husband is a decent husband
Mr. Husband what you done to deserve this decency?
The one, woman, who stands before the husband
Making him extremely angry by words and deeds
Is similar to ‘Yama’ (God of death) !
battered husbands too exist
a wife kicking his strong feet
slapping his rugged jaw
Everytime I talk to God,
You are always part of my prayer.
I know he made you,
I promise to be an ideal wife to you,
an ideal mother to our unborn children
I promise you a home filled with love, ,
Bruce Derricotte, June 22, 1928 - June 21, 2011
What was there is no longer there:
Not the blood running its wires of flame through the whole length
Like some raw sophister that mounts the pulpit,
So trembles a young poet at a full pit.
Unused to crowds, the parson quakes for fear,
Think not this paper comes with vain pretense
To move your pity, or to mourn th'offense.
Too well I know that hard obdurate heart;
You sleep in the darkness,
you with the back I love
& the gift of sleeping
When feares and sorrowes me besett,
Then did'st thou rid me out;
When heart did faint and spirits quail,
What is left of a
Lover after hes been whipped
Into condition.One cuddles under cotton blanket, the other lonely cold
I curse the fate of having a shared husband!
Is this good enough that some times I sleep with him?
"No--not where I shall make my own;
But dig his grave just by
The woman's with the initialed stone -
How can you hurt me?
And feel nothing at all
And fail on your promise
Husbands, from the very foundation of the earth
Were given the right to be head of their homes.
They are leaders, builders, protectors, and providers.
Husband and wife
Wives are considered as an obedient
They live happily and serve at present
B-eautiful bride and groom
E-xpects a happy marriage;
M-onday March thirteenth,
for Argee Atienza
I am the bow
you are the arrow
The world had chafed his spirit proud
By its wearing, crushing strife,
The censure of the thoughtless crowd
Husband and Wife relationship is like mind and heart association,
Less co-ordination between both;  will lead to disconnection,
Tolerance is bondage; intolerance may lead to extrication,
Since you've been away,
i feel an empty space that can never be replaced.
Everyday i have to feel these tears roll down my face,
During the mid-noon, during midnight,
…both early morning and early evening;
the days of respectable stars of
At my side
Warm, loving
Tender, caring
I never knew what love meant until I met you
Your always there for me
Whenever I need you
Where did you go
When you left that day
Do you know I'm still crying
I am proud of my husband because he had the strength to work and take care of me and our child.
I am Proud of my husband because he had allowed me to be a stay Home Mom while many husbands send their wives to work outside home.
I am proud of my husband because he never reminds me of my past sorrows.
I have a little husband
And he is gone to sea,
The winds that whistle round his ship
For better or for worse
I will be your husband
But of you I quietly demand
If the wife follows the principles
...of her husband and leads her life,
does what he says then and there itself
O Lord, Thou hear'st my daily moan
And see'st my dropping tears.
My troubles all are Thee before,
Love is my husband,
Affection is wife,
Happiness is son,
Crippled with anger
Crippled with fear
My heart is aching
You're everything I wanted and hoped you would be
You're the very best thing that's ever happened to me
Because of you I know who I am
Passion and friendship started this love affair
And total friendship, had to much to share
I with my baggage, so broken from the past
Feelings that were true and deep
awoke my heart from its innocent sleep.
How enchanting it was to find a love
When its late at night
And I am all alone
I look up at the sky
Amongst the stars that are in the sky
You are the most shining and brightest
Along the long, task road of life
It is true:
My husband
has never
You're my husband
What I'll never meet
You're my husband
Oh, my husband!
My sweet beloved;
My love for you could not be measured;
Husband is someone;
You spend most of your life with.
And with him;
In promises of winter end,
was our beginning.
My aching heart beats quicker at the mention of your name.
THE WORLD goes round, old fellow,
And still I’m in the swim,
While my wife’s second husband
Screw the fate that makes you share a man.
One cuddles under cotton blankets; the other's cold.
Every now and then, well, maybe or maybe not,
Neither wife should try to punish
Nor make any attempt to finish
He will go down with lots of burden
In the first rise and infancy of farce,
When fools were many, and when plays were scarce
The raw unpractis'd authors could, with ease,
King Yudhisthira,
The eldest of Pandavas-
You were the first
Oft, oft, methinks, the while with thee
I breathe, as from the heart, thy dear
And dedicated bame, I hear
Chorus.—Robin shure in hairst,
I shure wi' him.
Fient a heuk had I,
What ever happened to the husband and wife
What ever happened to love
What ever happened to the dreams they thought right
The persons who are under make up
as husband and wife in a fake drama,
If they don't do their duty perfectly
Unless both the wife who has enormous love
…and the husband himself too unitedly taking vow,
decidedly drive the cart of highly beautiful and happy life;
WHEN Francis (named the first) o'er Frenchmen reign'd,
In Italy young Arthur laurels gained,
And oft such daring valour showed in fight,
By day and night, throughout all the day,
the husband crossing his legs one over the other,
his eyes fixed to the laptop computer,
EYES caught by beauty, fancy by eyes caught;
Sweet possibilities, question, and wonder--
What did her smile say? What has her brain thought?
Yes, I have slain, and taken moving life
From bodies. Yea! And laughed upon the taking;
And, having slain, have whetted still the knife
The husband shall beautify and honor the chaste wife
who is waning due to service to him, his lovable
parents, children and welfare of other relatives
We've lived for forty years, dear wife,
And walked together side by side,
And you to-day are just as dear
A CERTAIN husband who, from jealous fear,
With one eye slept while t'other watched his dear,
Deprived his wife of every social joy,
Dearest Evelyn, I often think of you
Out with the guns in the jungle stew
Yesterday I hittapotamus
The ardent fan ready before wedlock
To drop priorities for this loving dame
Dawn’s beverage with mesmerizing shock
He tells you when you've got on
too much lipstick
And helps you with your girdle
There is no body without soul; there is no soul without body,
Similarly both the husband and wife, united together as one,
Should live like he cherishing flower and honey!
I hope that you realize your confessions are a burden to me
Much as I love you like a brother, your words are corrupting me
I don't really know what possesses you to unburden yourself to me
Against the sunset's glowing wall
The city towers rise black and tall,
Where Zorah, on its rocky height,
The woman with chastity
..Is like the nectar to her husband!
A person who is learnt and behaves accordingly
Brighter than fireflies upon the Uji River
Are your words in the dark, Beloved.This is to the crown and blessing of my life,
The much loved husband of a happy wife;
To him whose constant passion found the art
GRIM monarch! see, depriv'd of vital breath,
A young physician in the dust of death:
Dost thou go on incessant to destroy,
If ever two were one, then surely we.
If ever man were lov'd by wife, then thee.
If ever wife was happy in a man,
My Darling can't you see?
How very much you mean to me?
On this Our day, I've come to say;
I leave for thee, beloved one,
The home and friends of youth,
Trusting my hopes, my happiness,
Your eyes glimmer like bright stars on a dark night,
shining so beautifully, so hypnotic
The way you stare at me makes me feel so special,
My life, My body is now shared,
But, it seems so fair,
As marriage made us pair,
O thou Most High who rulest all
And hear'st the prayers of thine,
O hearken, Lord, unto my suit
Thou, who dost all my worldly thoughts employ,
Thou pleasing source of all my earthly joy:
Thou tend'rest husband, and thou best of friends,
i will love, cherish, and take care of you
all the days of my life.
for you have consented to be my wife.
Wee wee husband,
Give me some money,
I have no comfits,
Loving, caring, sharing and everything
taking me as such and my anything
giving me love, hope and peaceful life
*obviously, I mean not him, but for the fact that he has to work so late so often... sigh.... :)
So, how did it happen?
Tell me. How, where and when?
Nurtured, sheltered and loved
is the way I feel
whenever you are with me
Wife and husband
Are pious both
There is no
Pardon the faults in me,
For the love of years ago:
Good-bye.
you seem so tired
you seem so exhausted
your not wanting steps
(limerick)A Note To Richard, The Husband of Chris
The work that you did in our kitchen
I would have to report has been bitchen
It is not enough to have our own identity.
Our individuality is just one layer, a small brick
In a multilayered cosmic structure.
Two birds on the wing early morning,
Flying northward for a drink or a splash
Or simply to escape their quest for comfort;
Notwithstanding how you view the morn,
Or see the sunrise and the dawn,
Over the high mountain Alps,
We have no special identity but are one
It is accepted and denied by none
Still we involve and cross
A Wonder without an Identity
A poem by: Abdel latif Moubarak … Egypt
Translate by: Fawzy Al-Shalabi
i am reborn every morning
when i rise expecting
good things from the day
I know
Who you are,
But I don't know
I had one once -
an identity
having one meant
All Nature is taught in radiant ways to move,
All beings are in myself embraced.
O fiery boundless Heart of joy and love,
See the cotton flower
It is most valuable,
Like the cotton flower
sun- - dark
moon- - pale
dress- - mute
Holding in high esteem
My false self image
The granules of that image flow
Haiku-Identity
============
A bubble on the sea
i am, become...
i am the misconception,
and the fatal blow.
I  lOST  MY  IDENTITY
Believe me! I lost entity of my own shadow
When I followed shadows of so - called greats.
IDENTITY OF INDIVIDUAL
''''''''''''''''''''''
Date Of Birth,
Identity: A Sonnet
That I am I, I surely know full well ;
I know my littleness and little place,
Write down !
I am an Arab
And my identity card number is fifty thousand
Identity controls behaviour
Identity controls emotions
Identity controls how we think
There are so many
People that are going
Through that Identity crisis
I'm dazed and confused
I'm tired of being used
It is not me that you see
To the P.H management....
I've been suffering
A loss of identity lately
IDENTITY CRISIS
I took birth as daughter,
My  identity was of a daughter,
Identity gives a meaning to life,
A sense of belonging in a society,
And helps one define oneself in oneself.
From the alpine windswept quartz
rose the beautiful Frau Schwarz.
Wrote a comment erudite
Identity loss
You are victim of your own perception
It is fast changing nation
I have identity with you
It is my love.
I find here no sin no virtue
Identity crisis
My identity is intact, see.
Here is my knowledge
Identity of a person
Identity signifies complexity
Identity identifies with reality
Identity is not what I promise others
Identity is what I do when I am alone
Identity is what I think of others
I am fighting furiously with animals and bottles
In a short time perhaps ten hours have passed one
after another
I believe not
In any slogan or
In any award
I suffer from the worldliness
I suffer in silence
A loss of identity
I asked myself who iam.
I was looking for identity.
I felt the silent of my soul.
Look at me,
it's not my true identity
I have a covert identity,
In the crowd of this creation
Who is ours and who is not?
For a moment, felt someone known
Listen identity
my name was chosen
by my parents
An individual identity
That matters in community
Reckoned in personal circles
My sleeves hide my identity,
the side you’ll never know,
the side I’m ashamed of
Identity, fragile image of broken mirrors
The start of hope and banished fears
Razor time cuts into the innocence
Truest is my identity
Truest I'm here.
I'll not shy, I'll not pretend
Dig deep
Who are you
What do you want
Identity please security do ask
As you show them your identity pass
They look at it letting you through
Our life experiences aren't the same.
We have our own personalites
And that's o.k.
She doesn’t know
what i’m on the other side
friend or foe!
Life is a Visiting Card so, show it
Wife is a Memory Card, so store it
Husband is an ATM Card, so squeeze it
SOMEWHERE--in desolate wind-swept space--
In Twilight-land--in No-man's land--
Two hurrying Shapes met face to face,
I was not what I was
I'm not what I am
The stream that flows in me
Rock Brokened
Melt in Stream
Tree Grows
This is to the motherland,
Where I am born.
This is to the teacher,
I wonder if the trees can hear me
When I scream aloud,
Or if the dandelion screams,
Identity is not what I promise others
Identity is what I do when I am alone
Identity is what I think of others
They all try to look the same
all try to give themselves a name
pick on the boy who is all alone
A hidden terrorism,
Without an iota of shame-
This vile plagiarism-
Identity
Where is my identity
That I can show you
Invisible identity
Unlimited forms eternally.
Effective and complete
Losing identity
I accept everything
I push myself back
Loss of identity
Greed has poisoned
War hawks has reasoned
It was chillingly true.
You walked out─
of the soot, without
Lost Identity
"Who am I? "
-this question has, for years
In this spiritual blindness
I hope and seek in vain
for words of lovingkindness
Lost identity.
My dream as a child.
Became a passion in my youth.
To strive for love of mother,
of father, of teacher, of peers,
of elders, springs from
LOW FINISTERRE 1007 LOSING ITS IDENTITY BY THE SAME TIME
It’s BBC Radio 4
but the familiar
Mama Africa's identity,
And of the Fulanis and the Fulbes;
But the Savannah and the Sahara are here to stay in Africa.
The thief of my Identity
To my Friends and Family
My true Identity
There are many times I have been mistaken
for something I am not.
People mistake me as an ordained priest,
The mother lay in a stupor filled
With alcohol and drugs,
The twins lay wet in the carry-cot
Mistaking me
for myself
I apologised
I thought it was the wind
Roaring like a lion
Dressed in golden helmet
St. Peter went on holiday;
So Jesus stepped into his place.
The first man in line, old and grey,
He was all out of luck, the chips were down
On the day he walked through London Town,
When out of the corner of his eye he spotted
i am a woman of many things
my style is rare
dare not compare
Forgive me, I thought somebody cared,
I thought it was you
Or I would surely never dared
My dream as a child
Became a passion in my youth
To search for my identity
After years of aimless wanderings
Leaving behind the cities of midnight revels
And the fevered journey in metro rails,
Who am I,
What my identity,
where my home?I weep under the quilt
Alone in deep night
For you.
Lion hearted man
But like stone
No emotions
Look at me,
Tell me what you see
I have 2 identities.
This is the holy land
Where I was born
My seed was well planted
To fit into another's mould
Constantly changed shape
Now I am not what I am.
I'm changing.
Yes I know my face is the same
So is my name
Personal identity
Women always need attention
If all want its retention
Personal identity
Women always need attention
If all want its retention
What, not who are you, is the question
On your identity
Though you are an invisible being
I am known to some
Who do not know me
Some claim to know me
inser an attitude
into between
all the association
Who is to say,
How someone else should be?
Or that they are not being themselves?
Traditional in
Appearance I am, but looks
Can be deceiving!Simple identity
Use word as lover
And act as admirer
If ever I had dreamed of my dead name
High in the heart of London, unsurpassed
By Time for ever, and the Fugitive, Fame,
This is a stolen identity
Because I’m bent on forgetting me
All left is my eyes
I want my identity
With super quality
Not to compromise on anything
The kid identity
Look at me,
It is not my true identity,
Identity is not a given;
it is a song; it is a quest.
It is a journey and its trials,
Identity
What is that identity
And who is competent to
If ever I dreamed of my dead name
High in the heart of London, unsurpassed
By Time for ever, and the Fugitive, Fame,
With identity card
I am moving here and there
You are my identity card
First understand
Your own identity.
And then see
A precious child, my little grand-daughter,
full of chuckles, love and great laughter.
Filled with innocence through and through,
People who describe themselves,
As repeatedly victimized...
Are always on the scene,
The seed has been planted
Inside the earth the seed will grow
At the instance of the sow
Invisibly travelling hoping for someone,
to release him from bondage, trapped like a abalone.
Emotionally handicapped for someone to hear his cry,
Auguries of Innocence I
The bat that blocked will fall, Time’s sway
will bowl both balls and pads away.
To see a World in a Grain of Sand
And a Heaven in a Wild Flower,
Hold Infinity in the palm of your hand
There, at top,
Lonely poplar sublime in a Mirage, _
Naked letters without a metaphor,
One sunny noon, while chasing butterflies you &me,
Tried to unravel the mystery of the birds &the bees,
We stopped at some broken wings, lying on the ground, splattered,
Secrets hidden well,
To cover up the shame,
Memories suppressed inside,
Does anyone listen
for the cries
of the innocent
CRY OF INNOCENCE
Night when deep by the lightening
Rose yet promises the rambles of smile
I am bound and broken,
Lying bloody on the floor.
No longer with innocence,
It seems like Light Years ago
That sweet innocence
Like a flower in the bud
Like a seagull flying high,
As I hear your distant cry.
Not of pain but of suggestion,
Trust and truth decided,
By those who believe...
Honesty can be hidden and denied,
Secrets, secrets
Lies, lies
She sits in her room,
Quiet.
Soft.
Full of peace.
Fuelled by my innocence
I was on my way to the adulthood.
I had my own pace
Her innocence shattered,
Like bullets through glass.
The pieces are confusion
Twas on a Holy Thursday their innocent faces clean
The children walking two & two in red & blue & green
Grey headed beadles walked before with wands as white as snow
She calls school Shkool,
Never afraid to wake me up,
comes to me when weeping,
I miss my swing, I miss my whip,
I miss my mother's grip,
my dirty hands and my soiled feet
I don't know when I was born,
Maybe when humanity didn't exist.
I was lost, in the senses of the insentient beings;
innocence and desire
illusions of my thoughts
forsaken into realization
Innocence and silence.
A kind of state out of nature.
A head in a queer trance.
The way I got involved
I could not make revolt
Their ill-intention
as innocence is bath drowned
in aircraft carriers of steam blood
pornography elite power rapesLay me down tonight.
Don't mourn for my passing.
I sold my soul to evade the light,
In a world where innocence is lost so quickly, I pondered if it
truly exists at all. Where does one go to find it . . . this freedom of a pure, existence amidst an age-old classroom called life who teaches that innocence is best ignored. It was when I stopped looking that I was able to "see" a world with an
abundance of innocence and I chose it for my guide. Stop for a
Innocence is not an absence of legal guilt
Innocence is not freedom from specific wrongs
Innocence is a quality state of freedom from sins guilt
I heard too many songs of love, and I'm sick of love
sometimes I lie to be like everyone
had you ever told someone a big lie?
I lost my innocence.
Not once not twice but more times than I can count.
It was becuase of bastards.
A precious Gift
Wrought by the tenderest of Hands:
Eyes that behold love in every face,
Oh lord forgive me
for what I have done
I know you shouldn't
Innocent girl of seven
always looked at heaven,
hoping to get a glimpse
Gently he took her by the hand
and  into the forest glade he led her;
the setting sun glinted all around
You always looked straight past me
why couldn't you see the truth
he's been doing this to me for years on end
It’s my all time favorite repose-compartment
Open the pages to see my ingenuous chapters
Wonder why I have lost my innocence supplement
Innocence lost!
All of his life people had beaten him down,
Made him feel useless,
Who says the Christ was crucified?
Who says the innocence ever died?
Christ just came to be our guide,
Love is delicate,
As like the petals of a rose
Love is innocent,
Unaware-underwater
Spurting bubbles, spurting
Innocence.
I have caught tears in my mouth,
washed in the dust of the dead,
burned the grass in the meadows,
When I was small, I was taught
you don't judge people on how they look.
Years later, this happened,
Innocence!
He spoke once before
Innocence!
Innocence stolen without my permission
Innocence gone without my submission
Innocence lost through another's plan
They laughed at one I loved-
The triangular hill that hung
Under the Big Forth. They said
hopefully it shall be your
last pose
beside an old Thai wall
When I bypass you passes a chill
Through out my body, o lassi little
What of your possessions that lure me
The waiting, the suspence
Everybody is feeling so tense.
Accused and blamed
The height of wisdom seems to me
That of a child;
So let my ageing vision be
Innocence is something amazing,
Innocence is life changing.
Innocence is heart wrenching,
But that which most I wonder at, which most
I did esteem my bliss, which most I boast,
And ever shall enjoy, is that within
You are the spirit of children at play and
the innocence, of who they are.
© Joe Fazioi grew up to see
how cruel world can be
first step outside the home
As the baby wakes frm his bed
he sees the world arnd him
wonders what is here and why it is,
I was visibly moved and perturbed
Out of gear completely and disturbed
Mind so much occupied and probed,
You crawled into my bed
To make love for the first time
Then you asked for my help
Innocence taken
by those who thought
that it was ok to lie
You stolen my innocence
As a young child
The painful memories
Piping down the valleys wild,
Piping songs of pleasant glee,
On a cloud I saw a child,
Remember those lollipops we liked alot and licked.
I remember licking every bit and saving the sticks.
Remember spending nickels to get five hot rockets.
I swam through the snow
I swam the laps of innocence
The laps of an angel by my side
Curiosity grows, finding new ground
Temptation breaks all resistance
Dark discoveries flood in
A single picture has brought it all back again.
I can smell the smells
and hear the sounds
INNOCENCE, INNOCENCE OH WHY DO I CRY? INNOCENCE, INNOCENCE WHERE IS THE TRUTH OVER THE LIE? INNOCENCE, INNOCENCE CAN THE GROUND KEEP ME DOWN? INNOCENCE OH INNOCENCE, WHO KEEPS PULLING YOU DOWN?
FAIL TO THE SYSTEM MY INNOCENCE WAS TAKING AWAY
I WISH FOR IT BACK EACH AND EVERY DAY
I met a little girl,
As fragile as could be
And i don't know somehow,
O pink horse, O timeless sun,
run on my body, run. Black magic
had pierced the needles into my heart.
When voices of children are heard on the green
And laughing is heard on the hill,
My heart is at rest within my breast
You toy with the idea
Of  being my Empathy
You congratulate yourself
Oft have I read that Innocence retreats
Where cooling streams salute ye summer Seats
Singing at ease she roves ye field of flowrs
When we talked you promised
That you would never leave
Then I told you of the demons
Peacefully asleep
tired of the journey,
long way did she walk...
Piping down the valleys wild,
Piping songs of pleasant glee,
On a cloud I saw a child,
Rags and things to clean the mess,
Dull pains below the belt.
That day for you was dreamy-
(after Lord George Gordon Byron)
The soft glowing radiance of her face
with hair tumbling down in a auburn tress
Piping down the valleys wild
Piping songs of pleasant glee
On a cloud I saw a child.
Her face is beauty
Yet marred by the pain in her eyes.
The tears she sheds
Calm, tranquil visions
Colourful moments flutter
Free air of spirit
Re-collect
Re-ligio
A high tide of returning faith
In covert dim light
A nymphet came
To grace his sight
Sentenced to death for a crime I did not commit,
Execution at dawn... such a cliché,
All of my last request's denied,
The Innocence of another time
Is lost forever-
The other time is lost forever-
Sleeping beside you I dreamt
I woke beside you;
Waking beside you
I flicked of the TV
At a news report
About another child
The innocence of war is a lie
there is no innocence in killing people
there is no innocence in destroying part of the world
Looking to the sea, it is a line
of unbroken mountains.
It is the sky.
Innocent children..sexually and mentally abused! ! I stepped in their shoes and cried in pain.If you too feel the same, then step out and spread awareness among the kids.Listen to your child.Save innocence! ! 'Stop child Abuse'! ! !
I am a happy child
With a wonderful smile
THE NIGHT HAS ITS INNOCENCE
The night has its innocence
‘The fields open to the sky’
Myrtle leaf, that ill besped
Pinest in the gladsome ray,
Soiled beneath the common tread
To recapture that innocence of loved missed,
May be easier done by a poet doing it.
But when a poet isn't sitting to compose words of love...
“I have walked
a lot of dark streets
all over the world.”
The eye of the sunflower
Stares into the clear skies;
Acres of bright, yellow effluence
The innocence of childhood it is a marvellous thing
And all children are untainted in their life's early Spring
But by the time they've reached their teens their innocence they've lost
Truth, The Real God
Not that we have made
Does not want a facade
^Death Of Innocence (2)
Playful laughter in a garden
Dark eyes flashing, curly hair
^Death Of Innocence
A little girl was playing in the garden 'round her home,
Mischief sparkled in her dark eyes and her curly hair was blond.
Heart coalesces in unison longing love
distinction impulses unconsciousness
firmament loses to black hole redeeming
This, then, the question
for those whom it may concern –
to find a celebration in oneself
Dear,
Just give me a day of yours,
take my life in return!
Christmas, a joyful time of year.
Fun-filled days, lots of holiday cheer.
Children all over the world, year after year,
Snowflakes fall elegantly,
Ice glints glow for all to see.
Lights of red, yellow, blue and green,
All the time in the world
Can never be as precious
As the years your child grows
No matter how serene things
may be in my life,
how well things are going,
It’s a joy smelling to high heavens
At day’s end, tending my garden
Dressed in mud
if it was a share
which gave you joy
how can you use it
Arms around your waist,
And hairflying in the air,
That first joyride on mobike
I  think  I'm  going  to  make  it  through,
It's  been  so  long  you  see;
There's  much  more  life  behind  me  now
Can a man of old age find joy in his day of old?
Truly there is joy and light! If he search in the
Deepest core of his heart, there is a light, brighter
My love so intense
like fragrant musk’s incense
Would
February 18,2009 coming up-Happy Birthday Afzal Shauq
Azak my Pakistan friend, I send you warm wishes for a most happy birthday
I'm sure you and your family will have a wondrous day
She who did not come, wasn't she determined
nonetheless to organize and decorate my heart?
If we had to exist to become the one we love,
The clouds are a skimming
Over the tops of the trees.
The birds are all chirping
I see you
coming through these fields of joy
through the blaze of wheat
animal joy
freedom from
all guiltsTo the music of Beethoven's ninth symphony
Joyful, joyful, we adore Thee,
God of glory, Lord of love;
Joy, thou goddess, fair, immortal,
Offspring of Elysium,
Mad with rapture, to the portal
'I have no name;
I am but two days old.'
What shall I call thee?
We were happy all that morning
Ο God how happy.
First the stones the leaves and the flowers shone
Past ash cans and alley cats,
Fetid. overflowing gutters,
Leprous lines of rancid flats
Joy calls
She needs help she pleads
And I answer
Joy and joy
Find joy in living
Find joy in working
Love is flying so high wind is here.
Balloons fly on a beautiful windy day.
You took a part of my heart. Your memories fly
Year's end is swiftly encroaching,
Leaving the present year behind,
The New Year is fast approaching,
Sometimes a light surprises
The Christian while he sings;
It is the Lord who rises
Sometimes a light surprises
The Christian while he sings;
It is the Lord who rises
There's peace and joy in knowing
That love and truth so reign
That joy and peace in sowing
Now, joy is born of parents poor,
And pleasure of our richer kind;
Though pleasure's free, she cannot sing
Then a woman said, "Speak to us of Joy and Sorrow."
And he answered:
Your joy is your sorrow unmasked.
One can hear the voice of sorrow sobbing, sobbing endlessly
Yet it hides in dark recesses sorrow you can never see
It's a black and brooding creature with a voice that aches of pain
As a fisher-boy I fared
To the black rock in the sea,
And, while false gifts I prepared.
Joy and Sorrow.........
Joy and sorrow
are
Ring your sweet bells; but let them be farewells
To the green-vista’d gladness of the past
That changed us into soldiers; swing your bells
Joy
gets a bad press
from poets and divines –
I have a friend who is a cowboy,
he flies fast jets for Uncle Sam,
persuaded me to come along
On these undulating hills where sheep roam free,
and every rabbit builds his own colony.
Yellow cowslips, pink clover and purple vetch,
FIRST SPIRIT
Sister spirit, listen!
Methinks I hear a song,
God has created everything in twain
Life - Death
Love - Hate
She gave to all,
with caring hands
and warmth of heart.
Joy- joy, enjoy; yeah,
Joy- joy, enjoy
Your prayers,
Joy, Joy, Joy
J oy-filled cornucopia  that
O verflows with goodies  that
The melody of the tune
Joy! Joy! Joy! Joy!
Joy! Joy! Joy! Joy!
Oh how I enjoyed so very much
Fishing off a bridge
Or perhaps ‘long side the road
Is it possible?
Can it be done?
To capture Joy
Let a joy keep you.
Reach out your hands
And take it when it runs by,
My heart is like a little bird
That sits and sings for very gladness.
Sorrow is some forgotten word,
A DRAGON-FLY with beauteous wing
Is hov'ring o'er a silv'ry spring;
I watch its motions with delight,--
When you gave me the whole world in a lollipop,
I licked it with glee!I am wild, I will sing to the trees,
I will sing to the stars in the sky,
I love, I am loved, he is mine,
There is much satisfaction in work well dond; praise is sweet; but can be no happiness equal to the joy of finding a heart that understands.Joy! shipmate--joy!
(Pleas'd to my Soul at death I cry;)
Our life is closed--our life begins;
788
Joy to have merited the Pain—
To merit the Release—
When we were but a babe
taking our first, little wobbly baby steps.
Our parents applauded and beamed with joy
My love for you,
How rich in depth?
For joy to cherish,
I wanted to say hello to some cyber-friends,
poets and commenters who stopped by to
send an encouraging word; wonderful
AS a butterfly renew'd,
When in life I breath'd my last,
To the spots my flight I wing,
At night the wide and level stretch of wold,
Which at high noon had basked in quiet gold,
Far as the eye could see was ghostly white;
My dearest Frank, I wish you joy
Of Mary's safety with a Boy,
Whose birth has given little pain
If it were not for you
It seems that every day would be
A life unfulfilled.
I love to  spend, stay and live in the sea
MEGGIE, the mermaid they loved to call me
With all the beautiful corals and fishes
If you want to make noise.
Make the noises of joy!
If you want to make noise,
Good morning Mr Magpie
alone again, like me
I greet you then I bless myself
ONE hour to madness and joy!
O furious! O confine me not!
(What is this that frees me so in storms?
They call her Milly
next door,
but we think Milly
IF the quick spirits in your eye
Now languish and anon must die;
If every sweet and every grace
Phyllis is my only joy,
Faithless as the winds or seas;
Sometimes coming, sometimes coy,
To regret is a kind of joy.
To repent is a kind of joy.
To render yourself pitiable
I pray you, Sadness, leave me soon,
In sweet invention thou art poor!
Thy sister, Joy can make ten songs
The moon whispers a sweet lullaby to an audience
Of starlets in the morning sky
Soft breezes uncover the layer of my happiness
Tune up your strings in harmony
Strike up your song of joy
And learn the music, let it sound
Sing out, my soul, thy songs of joy;
Sing as a happy bird will sing
Beneath a rainbow's lovely arch
Is there not joy in being man, woman?
Is there not joy inhabiting the earth?
Is there not joy in being an Indian?
The greatest joy on earth is our children;
To see them born healthy and grow up well;
To see them acquire God's precious ken,
Love's Lunacy
Why do I speak of joy, or write of love,
When my heart is the very den of horror,
There's not a joy the world can give like that it takes away
When the glow of early thought declines in feeling's dull decay;
'Tis not on youth's smooth cheek the blush alone, which fades so fast,
Surprised By Joy
Surprised by joy — impatient as the Wind
I turned to share the transport--Oh! with whom
Perfume of tenderness
Soft hugs of kindness
Lips filled with honesty
They put a leather belt around her
13 feet of tape and bound her
Handcuffs to secure her
THE INNER JOY
The inner joy
writing the poetry
Water, you send joy to my heart
To flow like an inspiring art
In the moment of fresh sunlight,
Beyond the glass snowfall is luminous.
Winter burns like a lamp upon the sill.
The old house creaks in deference to the wind.
I
Let others sing of gold and gear, the joy of being rich;
But oh, the days when I was poor, a vagrant in a ditch!
Down the dimpled green-sward dancing
Bursts a flaxen-headed bevy,
Bud-lipt boys and girls advancing
One of the things that I'm most proud of
Since I was very young
Is learning to cook and enjoying it so
It's good the great green earth to roam,
Where sights of awe the soul inspire;
But oh, it's best, the coming home,
What a thrill it is to travel
Perhaps in a different country
The cultures incredibly diverse
Read this morning people write
the end of their story right from
the beginning of their life and all
I love the way you take my hand and
Lead me through the lane,
It's amazing how you make me laugh
THE PANGS that guard the gates of joy,
the naked sword that will be kist,
how distant seem’d they to the boy,
The  only  things  of  value
Contained  in  God's  array,
Are  found  in  those  few  moments
WYNTER wakeneth al my care,
Nou this leves waxeth bare;
Ofte I sike ant mourne sare
My heart is racing
My nerves breaking
Tension’s heavy in the air
172
'Tis so much joy! 'Tis so much joy!
If I should fail, what poverty!
To the tune "As in a Dream"
I have long remembered
the pavilion
What joy has filled my empty heart
For so long starved of love,
My spirit floating through the air
Wine and joy are completely forgotten,
As well as his armor and sword.
Alone he descends in the rotten
Each day I live I thank the Lord
I do the work I love;
And in it find a rich reward,
Your joy is my joy!
And, your laughter heals my soul.
The city of songs,
I forgot to look
where the sidewalk ends
so now I'm
I was just staggering in the gate
with two heavy bags
from an exhausting week’s conference
To all poets
self-acclaimed     amateur
famous dead alive
My aunt was old and very weak
but rich up to her ears.
She had much gold and silver, too
A timid boy, that's what he was.
A nerd in school, though into sports,
observing all his hometown laws
The unfair injury burdened upon the shoulders of the African men and women.
The echoes of slavery constantly overshadows America’s path to the future.
Memories of yesterdays gone; times that we hope will never return again.
The one
who is supposed to
give me justice has
This has something to do with whom it may concern
Dear all I know, ordinary and close, new or old
Because of you, is the answer of all what happen?
when i die,
you can burn
this body,
I am at ease to hate but tense when hated.
I am at ease to love but tense when rivaled.
I am at ease to seek but tense when rejected.
THE father's name ye ne'er shall be told
Of my darling unborn life;
"Shame, shame," ye cry, "on the strumpet bold!"
they say pride comes
before the fall
who will be there for you
The United States
Supreme Court
lacks creditable
Grey stone walls wherein confined.
A prisoner can meditate
upon the life he left behind
A Dealer, bewitched by gain-promising dreams
Settled down near my Station, to trade with my Teams,
And to sell to, my men too! from whom, through the nose,
black man
in them poverty chains
cant get no justice
(This poem is dedicated to Hollister #22.)
Delayed justice is better than no justice.
The world will always be round.
Thou hast no lightnings, O thou Just!
Or I their force should know;
And, if thou strike me into dust,
The man is thought a knave, or fool.
Or bigot, plotting crime,
Who, for the advancement of his kind.
Fairness and justice are                                              Just two nominal words on                                             Our earth because we completely                                       Lack them anytime and anywhere,                                      They are just two words in shape,                                    But we lack them totally in content,                                 They are like you dream to get them                                   When you need them in life, so we                                    Pay very high price when we lack them.Mute nation, counting coffins,
Stands dazed by the pyre,
Waiting for the next victims,
Forget Not Divine Justice!
What discrepancies
Be corrected by what measures
Freedom, Justice and Equality
sat down to discuss their differences
as to who in the final differentiation
What happened to Trayvon Martin shouldn’t happen to any 1,
And yet, this killing is not the worse thing that has been done,
Weekend before George Zimmerman’s not guilty of any & all,
A LA FRANCE
France! ô belle contrée, ô terre généreuse,
Que les dieux complaisants formaient pour être heureuse,
i am, become...
i am the African slave
working in the deep Mississippi sun;
I am Trayvon Martin
Yo soy Trayvon Martin
Je suis Trayvon Martin
Gardener:
Sir, I encountered Death
Just now among our roses
Is capital punishment justice or is it revenge?
This is the question that I want to defend.
Is it really justice if you have to kill someone?
Justice 2
What’s justice?
A child asked his mother?
justice and equality...
two very human dreams,
and the hope that allows us
The right way to bestow, the glow way to Integrity,
If you wanna bloom, build a habit of Honesty,
Equality is the basic theme of Mankind,
We are fighting for justice and peace for all,
And our young men are answering the call.
They are giving their lives for you and for me,
How can we speak of justice?
Mercy
Righteousness
It is true, fellow citizens,
That my old docket lying there for years
On a shelf above my head and over
A nation raped…
Mute, stunned, indignant
World watched, ashamed…
Can justice be delayed under any circumstances?
Numerous cases can be sighted for instances
Can that not be amounted as justice denied?
Prison
Dark room
No light
Let us abandon then our gardens and go home
And sit in the sitting-room
Shall the larkspur blossom or the corn grow under this cloud?
i spit hammers and nails,
can taste bullets and swords.
my eyes are the bodies
The bards of old their stories told.
In rhyming verse they had writ,
to entertain the young and old.
Justice, that once moved in months, rare in years,
Took a short slumber if not sleep in snores,
Now goes for grey decades if not full scores
Millions of us stand on the roads,
not waiting for the transports to board,
just searching the peace that is lost,
A Corolla came speeding, half asleep,
Right on pavement— a family's sole home
Under the sky's wide open dome,
Laws are after all laws
With lot many lacuna and flaws
As counter system works
What is justice?
This unapparent fairness
Supposed to combine rather than divide
Justice Justice
Where is it
In close door or
Beware the might of the Justice League
If you're hellbent on dark intrigue!
Don't seek to harm, to kill or maim!
Justice is superior to Mercy,
Yema, the embodiment of Justice-
God, the manifestation of Mercy.
In the recesses
of a creased mind
lies the truth
Slaves to the powers
of the external mind
If your innocent or guilty
How can be  a difference between peace and justice
I never knew there could be a difference
Among these  two essential points for survival our world's
It was
Just another day
Or so I thought
I'm walking
I'm walking
I can hear
For justice, truth and peace to flow
Love too has fruit to bear
United must become all four
It is a fact
There are no shortages
No lack of anything
Jack Doe met Dick Roe, whose wife he loved,
And said: 'I will get the best of him.'
So pulling a knife from his boot, he shoved
Justice, justice, justice!
Where art thou? ye Stewarth?
Justice is the very warmth of an inn,
come and see where it is
you find dancing the sea.
Never find the sky loughing
Justice is revenge for those who have suffered loses,
And for others it’s a punishment
It involves the truth, not the lies
Huts of childhood are in autumn,
Decayed hamlet; dark shapes,
Singing mothers in the evening wind;
An eighteen-legged female spider
had fallen in a vat of cider.
She struggled with her puny legs
That Justice is a blind goddess
Is a thing to which we black are wise:
Her bandage hides two festering sores
For those who reap us of thousands of grand’s
Lavish their wealth on treasures of the land
Justice often does us no right on this stand
… Slow Justice
Is Better Than No Justice
… I Just Want Justice and Peace
Justice begotten in exchange is no justice,
For, exchange is trade,
A distressing gain through loss;
October, 1918
Across a world where all men grieve
And grieving strive the more,
We can never create a single life,
So we shouldn't have right to take it,
But what is going on all around a society,
When justice stands still
only the fool hearted,
will contemplate pursuing even the most just of causes,
An innocent man
lies his head down to rest
not wanting to wake
Loyaulte Me Lie
Echoes through history
A sacred oath, a blessing
A shimmering light
in the distance of my life
keeps calling me home
I assumed him wrong
He was not to be taken for real song
It was my greatest error
I am the love criminal justice Detective.
Have you been single for almost more than a year?
Thats a punishable crime.
It's a troubled World we live in the World of today
But love with peace and justice only decades away
In fifty years or less from now there won't be mistrust and hate
A jury sat around a tree
to judge a man for treason.
The foreman said 'how can it be
The fact is i have a poetry e-book, /
hence i find it hard to proceed with... /
it as i cannot succeed like a poet. /
In a lightly morn
A person was born
After lots of stories and the morbid things,
Unhappy goddess! Has then envious earth
Denied thine eyes the radiance of thy birth?
Have mortals, that still need thy voice to school
Touched by hardened love, taken slowly together
with each stitch.
Tibetan heritage comes together inside a home
i have my personal justice written across my pulse
constant thoughts and very clear needs
my personal justice is just that: personal
Sometimes we seethe with rage
over some heinous crime committed.
Our voices are raised with thousands of others
There is a law which guarantees
that as you sow so shall you reap,
there’s no point in not guilty pleas.
She is passionate about
fairness and equality.
Justice is not just a store,
The cold dark nights living out on the streets,
People walking past, not caring enough.
Those convicts whose lives that came on the fleets.
TWO lawyers to their cause so well adhered,
A country justice quite confused appeared,
By them the facts were rendered so obscure
Part I
VAGRANT.
Take, take away thy barbarous hand,
Where is the justice in this world?
where is the justice? I feel bored
I need the justice only, please.
For years together there were no rains
We adulated you, my God, impatiently then.
Requesting you to allow rains to rain,
If the sudden tidings came
That on some far, foreign coast,
Buried ages long from fame,
`
Provide us just scales
with which to measure
Avoidance of hazard
And wisdom of mind
Can only delay implication
i'm not trying to make people angry
this morning... an intelligent person
know anger is but a symptom of the
O shy maiden, cooking a time-torn dish,
You sail on high seas, always far from beach,
Ensconced in thine lofty principled niche,
Wandering Justice
O! Dear, have I hit a miss?
With wandering justice
when justice fails because the constable has blundered
do not be surprised, do not even be discouraged,
proceed in procurring justice still with the way how you are trained
where's the freedom and justice?
trapped behind bars
watching lightning fast cars
They say they saw
Then they go and lie
Put people in prison
Bloods shake in the wind
staining the invisibility of the air
spraying spectator's sight
Forceful protagonist
File themselves away
Circles within a maze
A fond kiss, and then we sever;
A farewell, and then forever!
Deep in heart-wrung tears I'll pledge thee,
Deserted by love
In the summertime,
I walk by the river
If I were to stand in a pool of your tears
And found that my acts placed them there
Then love, my love… I would sink to hell.
How naïve these mountains are
They are trying to kiss the sky
And feel that the clouds are a hindrance
One must not take love wrongly
A kiss may mean anything
Emotion gets physical in different ways
I run through the rainbow
Drenching my mouth
In the pastels - tints
Sweetness is on your lips
like honey flavoured early morning dew.
And your eyes have a depth of blue
Butter fly
Fly
To fly...
A kiss, simple though it seems!
A kiss, it is the stuff of dreams!
A kiss, contains the beauty of the world!
One wave falling forward meets another wave falling
forward. Well-water,
hand-hauled, mineral, cool, could be
' A Kiss'
a kiss
is every so sweet
I don’t care
I don’t dare
You’re not mine
I kissed Rose right back
like that, without sorrow,
and a pat on the back
Clip clop, clip clop...
Drizzle kisses the parched earth.
By the garlands of glee,
This is your mother’s kiss, my child!
Don’t you worry: things will be fine;
Just eat and sleep and play awhile.
What thing is that, nor felt nor seene
Till it bee given? a present for a Queene:
A fine conceite to give and take the like:
‘Twas Spring in a desert town
Chill was in the evening air
Desert land bare and brown
When I daydream
What do I see
You, waiting for me
1     Ae fond kiss, and then we sever;
2     Ae fareweel, and then forever!
3     Deep in heart-wrung tears I'll pledge thee,
When an angel sends
a kiss your way
the sweetness of its
The words i say today make the world fall away
The ring on your finger means your here to stay
The smile on your face lets me know you love me
Transience is so immense,
We pass in a flurry of being,
A beautiful moment
Every time I kiss you
After a long separation
I feel
The warmth of his body
Flows through his touch,
Enfolding me in his universe.
He dances with his shadow like a youthful Fred Astaire,
such symbiotic harmony, they make a perfect pair.
No footfalls can be heard around about them as they move,
It was a late november night
I remember it well
We went to the movies
Closed eyes can see,
lips upon lips.
Thoughts empty of resistence,
While staring at an innocent yellow wall,
I decide I want my first kiss back.
It was mine, and it was wasted
Away from the night
Everyone moves across the street
To be together, far from,
Golden slumbers kiss your eyes,
Smiles awake you when you rise ;
Sleep, pretty wantons, do not cry,
I want to kiss you at nightfall once again.
I want to kiss your lips tonight again
and taste the glory of your breath again.
I will kiss you smoothly in the silence of the night.
I´ll take of your lips the honeys of your soul.
I´ll kiss you in the dimness, the shine of your eyes,
The cat in the wintry yard
Shivered in the freshly fallen snow,
I picked her up and she purred.
Just a kiss
of which I cannot dismiss
A kiss of beauty
It was just a Kiss
A harmless little Kiss
But it was so tender & so sweet
The woman full.
The sun it burns.
The earth when wet which scented smells.
kiss kiss kiss
the thing, you never want to miss.
there are many ways to kiss.
'Oh, hi...'
NO!
'Well, hello...! '
Kiss kiss kiss
Even if she does not posses
Angelina Jolie's luscious lips
i see your mouth,
blowing her a kiss,
tough luck baby,
kiss
my lips
my darling
Kiss kiss kiss I will
Again and again hold you
Touch you taste you kiss
a passionate kiss
under the silver moonbeams
stars are twinkling brightI love you in the rain
Walking lonely along the boulevard
Gazing at all the passing cars;
Kiss me tonight without saying anything
kiss me until the blood sprouts
kiss me with rage, it is my farewell
Kiss me and make it seem better,
Kiss me and quiet my heart,
I never once asked for a letter,
Heart think
Lip's write
A poem of kiss...
Sounds very Simple to do,
To Kiss me Quick
But your Love must be True
Kissing is an art, one most master
Kissing slowly is better than faster
Kiss me slowly
Life is confusing
When your heart is sad;
It is difficult to distinguish
They were a soft kiss that he felt on his lips.
The kiss was gentle and made him fell warm.
The kiss made him fell safe and secure.
No one to stop you
Even you can’t deny
The world will miss you
Kiss is
Tastey of love...!
Each and every
Let heavens bear witness-
As two musk roses
Cross-pollinate in ecstasy,
The soft plump faded pink lips
the green eyes looking deep
within the soul.
You've got me burning
My mind's wheels keep turning
No matter how hard I've tried
The Loneliness is unrelenting
Like the endless stretch of highway
Leading to the city
Skinned knees
Aching bellies
An Ankle sprain;
In this barroom,
They serve shots of despair
For alienated patrons to drink
your northern smile embraces -
shining stars in the dimming sky
sparkles burst and pierce me
Brunette lady
With dark mysterious eyes,
You even mesmerize the moonlight
With an energy of love between our
Hands, fingers laced between the other.
That first touch of fire reveals the power
I like to watch you sleep
Sometimes you sigh
It makes my heart leap
The waters rippled on an incoming tide
The shimmering finger of the moon
Danced on the small waves
That kiss, that kiss.
That kiss, that I do miss.
That love, that love.
With wide open eyes, she looked at me,
And climbing up, upon my knee,
Gave me a kiss, which touched my heart
Let me kiss that special kiss
the one that's more than touch
that gentle pressing of the lips
An angel stood beside the bed
Where lay the living and the dead.
He gave the mother -- her who died --
On Helen’s heart the day were night!
But I may not adventure there:
Here breast is guarded by a right,
Woman, you are the one who lingers
In my mind with aching tenderness,
But you are hidden in the distance,
What smouldering senses in death's sick delay
Or seizure of malign vicissitude
Can rob this body of honour, or denude
As we journey
drift from drift-
-wood to drift-wood
1  Among thy fancies, tell me this,
What is the thing we call a kiss?
2  I shall resolve ye what it is:--
That kiss, that kiss
That childlike kiss
That pecky on the cheek kiss
My mouth blooms like a cut.
I've been wronged all year, tedious
nights, nothing but rough elbows in them
What's in a kiss; how many there-be...?
'So many, it boggles the mind's reality…'
A kiss can be a greeting- “of body and soul-! '
'I saw you take his kiss!' ''Tis true.'
'O, modesty!' ' 'Twas strictly kept:
He thought me asleep; at least I knew
What smouldering senses in death's sick delay
Or seizure of malign vicissitude
Can rob this body of honour, or denude
The snow is white on wood and wold,
The wind is in the firs,
So dead my heart is with the cold,
Here we are
Again in the circle
Our lives passing
A kiss,
The kiss,
A moment’s bliss,
I hoped that he would love me,
And he has kissed my mouth,
But I am like a stricken bird
To these I turn, in these I trust;
Brother Lead and Sister Steel.
To his blind power I make appeal;
AS WILLIAM walking with his wife was seen,
A man of rank admired her lovely mien.
Who gave you such a charming fair? he cried,
The one kiss
I ought to have dismissed
Is haunting me like an unsettled ghost
I will kiss you
good night
good morning
There's a kiss to say I love you,
There's a kiss to say I care.
There's a kiss to prove our friendship,
this kiss wasn’t just a kiss
this kiss was the demise of eternal bliss
this kiss wasn’t just a second of meaningless feelings
Humid seal of soft affections,
Tend'rest pledge of future bliss,
Dearest tie of young connections,
Excuse me…
While I kiss this guy
What would he do
A room
no music
nobody within
You awaken
my sleeping
with a long slow kiss
What is
kiss...?
kiss is
Kiss is
Happness...
kiss is
I  can feel your magical touch,
when you kiss me,
I can feel your kiss,
Your kiss, so sweet, so tender.
Your kiss that makes my heart swell.
Your kiss that drives me into unknown passion.
Kiss kiss kiss me again*
Afterwards kiss kiss kiss my thoughts*
Then kiss kiss kiss my spirit*
The kiss was two hearts in the warmth.
The kiss was two hearts enjoyed each other.
The kiss was fate in the love.
Driving down the highway,
In her brand new Porsche,
Big sunglasses on,
A kiss down by the riverside,
When the waterspouts
Comes to life
They looked up, Alligator and Crocodile,
and saw the most beautiful face smiling
at them, the lovely face of the rain queen
Each time I hear a baby's laughter
I feel a tickle in my heart.
I have to stop and listen better
ALL the bells of heaven may ring,
All the birds of heaven may sing,
All the wells on earth may spring,
One of a kind this cheerful sound
A child's laughter wherever it's found
From the giggling of a baby in a playpen
each of us is reflecting,
blue carbon paper,
created to resemblance.
And beholds freakish laughter …
Hasty rhythm and creative scope,
But it is possible to appear in emptiness,
Have you ever heard a giraffe laugh,
Or a chimpanzee go hee hee hee?
Have you happened to hear a rhino ho ho,
In the middle of our porridge plates
There was a blue butterfly painted
And each morning we tried who should reach the
It makes me want to laugh
sawing a girl in half
and missing the mark
Daughters are in ways proverbial gypsies.
Content an playful in their itsy bitsys.
The skip, the hop,
Dedicated to laughter! Yes!
It gives your brain a tickle!
It brings a lotto happiness,
We lie together
head to head
dreams wander
On thing I admire, nay two things
always strike me as admirable:
The way evil characters always
laughing faces
of little boys on the bank
of the river
Rain falls from heaven and we catch it on our tongues
We laugh a proper laugh
Noses are cold
chasing after the fireflies
of fading laughter
ears bleedWe dashed outside
as the sky was falling.
“Crunch...crunch...crunch! ”
Humour
means happiness
If you can laugh in life
People say there is nothing funnier then laughter
You can even chuckle some long hours after
You laugh at what is sometimes seen
Laugh every day
It will add years to your life
And make your face shineTenderly
I set the trap
with words
Hold not thy laughter
For that joyful sound
I am forever after, seeking when you are around
Yes, her laughter rang hollow
but they stayed right behind,
one good reason to follow
I burst into laughter
whenever I hear
that the fish is thirsty in water.
I crave your eyes, your laughter, your touch
I crave the smile of your eyes
the warmth of your breath
O, laugh, laughers!
O, laugh out, laughers!
You who laugh with laughs, you who laugh it up laughishly
We laugh at the same funny things,
Our quick sense of humour just springs
From being together,
I believe, in placing ones family first.
I believe that many successful people,
leave in their path, countless orphans
THERE is no laughter in the natural world
Of beast or fish or bird, though no sad doubt
Of their futurity to them unfurled
Laughter and Joy had
Danced a dance of promise
Spinning, twirling fun...As the Sun withdrew his rays from the garden, and the moon threw cushioned beams upon the flowers, I sat under the trees pondering upon the phenomena of the atmosphere, looking through the branches at the strewn stars which glittered like chips of silver upon a blue carpet; and I could hear from a distance the agitated murmur of the rivulet singing its way briskly into the valley.
When the birds took shelter among the boughs, and the flowers folded their petals, and tremendous silence descended, I heard a rustle of feet though the grass. I took heed and saw a young couple approaching my arbor. The say under a tree where I could see them without being seen.
After he looked about in every direction, I heard the young man saying, "Sit by me, my beloved, and listen to my heart; smile, for your happiness is a symbol of our future; be merry, for the sparkling days rejoice with us.
The light turned red
and there I sat
and watched a cuddle
LAUGHTER & CRIES
The question
crawls around the classroom.
Ay, thou varlet! Laugh away!
All the world's a holiday!
Laugh away, and roar and shout
In the South lies a lonesome, hungry Land;
He huddles his rags with a cripple's hand;
He mutters, prone on the barren sand,
Laughter is infectious.
It is a joyful sound that
Once it starts ringing,
Laughter is life
- - - - - - - - - - -
The show must go on;
'Laughter is the best medicine, '
To everyone, this is well known,
But now-a-days, it's rarely seen
LAUGHTER - LAUGHTER
laughter - laughter here I come
to make my friend smile and calm
Laughter made me do it,
I swear
For now
The late afternoon sun slants down in the corner
where grandpa stands always to against his winter
simmering still, in his folded wrinkles, pure age's laughter
The desert never leaves you.
This graveyard rich with dust and
tears is like the imaginary friends
It was terrible
The cutting edge of its teeth
was vocal wih furies of desires
Laughter is a pleasant sound, it spreads joy all around
Whether you're young or old, laughter can be like
Magic to our souls, whenever we're feeling sad
You, whom these eyes, no longer mine,
Shall see in the mirror's flash and shine,
Meagre of face and pale of cheek,
If a person can laugh at himself
for any foolishness, they have done.
That person is a happy person
Laughter sort o' settles breakfast better than digestive pills;
Found it, somehow in my travels, cure for every sort of ills;
When the hired help have riled me with their slipshod, careless ways,
Laughter the best of human tendencies and outlet of emotions
One cannot avoid laughter throughout his life
The individual who is incapable to laugh in such feelings
Then the Lord smiles
Flowers florescence
Tickled heart shines
WORRY stalked along the road,
Trouble sneaking after;
Then Black Care, and Grief, and Goad
Born out of joy
Jovial moments are captured
By the wavering laughter
If you need to heal what ales ya
go and laugh a hour or so.
Then all your aches and troubles will flee
Laughter
Mole-like token let it be bestowed on you
Laughter
I buried your heart
one fine spring day
and planted
I Laugh at Life: its antics make for me a giddy games,
Where only foolish fellows take themselves with solemn aim.
I laugh at pomp and vanity, at riches, rank and pride;
What would I do without laughter?
A sad place indeed, it would be.
The funnies..the sillies..whatever it takes
Laughter makes merry—
It’s good for your health.
And pausing to laugh
I love to get a dance right.
When a dance does go wrong
makes me laugh uncontrollably.
Laughter  is  a  unique  quality  endowed  to  mankind;
It  is  completely  denied  to  the  animal  mind.
When  humour  is  dwelt  upon  and  reared,
the sound of a smile in a voice
resonated ripples in my mind
smiles laughing in depths of soul
Let get laughter way out of  yourself
Make the happy sound awake
Laughter magic and enchanting
Some time it is like Everest,
Shining with shroud,
Some time it is darker than pith-blend,
the shell of a snail
long since departed....
ghosts whisper, cannot touch!
How glorious new beginnings are
Of love and life and laughter
You made your wish, you caught a star
Three things that make my life complete
Are love, laughter, and you,  my sweet
The laughter has lasted since day one
Though with gods the world is cumbered,
Gods unnamed, and gods unnumbered,
Never god was known to be
Rod
a single point of penetration
this virgin skull
Old Mister Laughter
Comes a-grinnin' down the way,
Singin': 'Never mind your troubles,
You were a 5th
season
where only love
Laughter is the best medicine for your blues
All sadness and worries you can say adieu
Whether you’re rich or poor it will work for you
The ikon of that little face
always present asleep  or  awake.
The one hand stretched out to grasp,
Cheerful sound with big sound is called laugh
You energy is consumed almost half
Worries and tension disappear altogether
Smiling faces beam of summer warmth
Greeting of jokes and cordial words
Handshakes from outstretched hands
If we can laugh, our heart-aches disappear!
Our minds become freed off tensions and stress;
If we make others laugh, they lose their fear,
Not with libations, but with shouts and laughter
We drenched the altars of Love's sacred grove,
Shaking to earth green fruits, impatient after
My soul
disguised as a shadow
drifted back
TEARS AND LAUGHTER
Our life gets ensconced between our
laughter and tears,
Knew'st thou one month would take thy life away,
Thou'dst weep; but laugh, should it not last a day.I created you,
Gave you various forms,
With unique finger prints,
The gift of laughter is a rare gift it is such a wonderful thing
And laughter can create more laughter to it there is such a beautiful ring
The people who laugh seem to make friends quite easily and in numbers their friends seem to grow
The children are playing football in the park off of the street
The joy in their laughter it does sound so sweet
'Tis true youth is such a marvellous thing
The laughter of women sets fire
to the Halls of Injustice
and the false evidence burns
The laughter in your heart
Would melt a melting pot
Would rise a sunken ship
THE LAUGHTER THERAPY
(I)
Every morning the ritual is the same, -
Joe Lightheart
was his name,
being jolly
You will soon hear guy,
the refrain of your laughter.
How can you buy air?The sound of laughter is a thing of beauty for laughter spreads the very gift of joy
That people they are drawn to happy people is not that hard for to understand why
Since everybody wishes to be happy and laughter it spreads happiness around
The other day I had had, The smell of spellbound emitted from her love, That made me sorrowful and as a dead man later on, But the blooming flowers were laughing and told at last- 'You  are in a state of being intoxicated...try to get out of obsession.'
My question was to them-
Do you know that scientist Einstein were fall in love too?
Just to hear your laughter,
I would throw myself off the highest cliff
on the western coast
She laughs
like water
pours herself
We need some laughter in our lives since laughter makes us happy
I know this bloke he never smiles like baby with wet nappy
He always seems so close to tears for him I do feel pity
When the laughter stops
~
And what when the laughter stops
Take bread away from me, if you wish,
take air away, but
do not take from me your laughter.
Your laughter blew into my life
With swift surprise.
It spun happily around me,
Your Laughter
Original Poem by Pablo Neruda
Hindi translation by Rajnish Manga
People may not be laughing
All the way to the banks,
But going by SMS AND JOKES,
(Laughter)
Can you hear
your baby in the next room?
w. m. d. ”s  does not mean weapons of mass destruction
But! Women! Men s destruction.
They attract you with their looks and charms
Πάρε μου μακρυά το ψωμί, αν το θες,
στέρησέ μου τον αέρα, μα
μη μου στερείς το χαμόγελό σου.
Meera was in the temple,
Along with common people,
Who also sang with her
So my question to you is simple and yet sharp as a knife,
Are you living a life of death or the death of your life?
Is death coming suddenly, or are you just wasting away?
On Hepatitis Day..approaching!
There he is, a very sick man.
Taut his face and a darkish tan.
It’s a life with commitment
It’s a life without complement
It’s a life with compromise
A life, a journey
without passion and affection
emptiness inside
He was given a life
A life devoid of life
He lives just to live
Tell me not, in mournful numbers,
Life is but an empty dream!
For the soul is dead that slumbers,
A student life is a golden life, truly it is told.
The student who has a golden crown of his study.
Would be a great man in his life with a great hold.
He. Never until this night have I been stirred.
The elaborate starlight throws a reflection
On the dark stream,
a life gone by.....suspectedly self sustaining
it ignited self.....self immolating
courageously it pass itself by..............
What did I do
that I had to
choose between two loves?
A confounding call from a secluded expanse
Keeps echoing, the vision is so vague
The Abyss and Eden show me a glimpse
Each life converges to some centre
Expressed or still;
Exists in every human nature
Thunderous mountains brought forth from slumber.
Clashing on air in the midnight mists of souls
Spiral to the depths of the earth
When my aunt died 3 years ago.It was like I was in woods and couldn't find my way out of woods.But it wasn't like
I was lost in woods and couldn't find my way out.It was real lost when my aunt died with cancer.When my great grand
maw died.It was like I drunk something that made me sick to my stomach.But it wasn't like I that I drunk something that
FULL of life, now, compact, visible,
I, forty years old the Eighty-third Year of The States,
To one a century hence, or any number of centuries hence,
I keep the Cross before my eyes
And know the sacrifice He made.
His life for mine, His life for ALL
Life is for life when
Some help other in danger
That is to serve when
If dead, we cease to be ; if total gloom
Swallow up life's brief flash for aye, we fare
As summer-gusts, of sudden birth and doom,
I love life..
but i hate
my life....
Human life has rights to be
Walk and talk without a fee
Individuals everywhere from Adam and Eve
Its hard to be me.
Everything isn't what it seems
This facade of happiness.Its not real
My dear father,
Who was determined to educate me well,
To the best of his ability.
'Moner manush aslo kachhe
Tare dhorline tui jadaye....'
You didn’t embrace the beloved
They took your mortal remains and placed
them gently beneath a flowered covered grave.
Time and again I returned there...begging you
Death no wonder
its endless inferiority
known to us all
He wakes, who never thought to wake again,
Who held the end was Death.  He opens eyes
Slowly, to one long livid oozing plain
When the sun shines LIFE GOES ON
When the rain falls LIFE GOES ON
When the sun shines or the rain falls LIFE GOES ON.
Escape me?
Never--
Beloved!
Escape me?
Never---
Beloved!
Being released from the womb of a woman
We walk towards another
To be chained again
And so my poem begins as life as lower class
waking up to see the clouds dark and the summers cold
wishing to change wishing to make a difference
Life is after all life
Whether you lead peacefully or with full of strife
It has to be spent either way
Sometimes I attempt to climb ladders
Sometimes I hold pee in my bladder
And there are days I feel exhausted
Life is life, even though it’s tough,
You gotta live with it, even though it’s rough.
It’s a gift, given to us from up above,
life is life, however it would go
love is love, no matter what would occur
love is growing more with every hearts beat
This expression that
life is love and love is life
is very ancient
Life is no life
Tuesday,12th March 2019
I feel no different
In a round way of life
what does a man need?
a woman to be call a wife?
Life is not to play trick,
Life is to make friendship
With truth and love.
Life is stupid, life is dumb
Life is cruel, and devious to some
See the steeple, hear the bell
Life, what is life really about?
what is are reason for living?
we live to love, we love to live
life is temporary, so temporary that it is like something
that you see
and then don't because it has escaped like slippery water from
Life is the body's light; which, once declining,
Those crimson clouds i' th' cheeks and lips leave shining:-
Those counter-changed tabbies in the air,
Through all the ups, all the downs,
Some will be there, some can't be found.
If they won't care as they should, so be it.
Life is what life is with you
Life is the deepest love of life
Life is the nectar of the result of sacrifice
Life of my life, you seem to me
Like some pallid olive tree
Or the faded rose I see:
LIFE, believe, is not a dream
So dark as sages say;
Oft a little morning rain
Where there is life there is love
Where there is love there is life
Life and love are like pigeon and dove
Life is a dream to some.
Drifting without a goal.
Life is a tragedy to others,
Life' it's not easy, it comes with its bumps and its grinds.
Picking us up at times in our lives then kickin us straight from behind.
But one thing I've noticed as time goes by the humor that you behold
As late I journey'd o'er the extensive plain
Where native Otter sports his scanty stream,
Musing in torpid woe a Sister's pain,
I dont know the purpose of my life
I am a giant, i am carrying the earth on my back
I fighted in my battles and never be beaten
My writing, is the life raft,
that prevents my drowning,
in a turbulent sea of reality.
Life, the wonderful dream
Never meets with reality
Till its final moment
Life, what is the life?
That many of us complain about it
That many of us refuse to take better care of our lives?
Life is always light
for some
Life is always fight
A concept followed by us since ages
Skillfully adopted and managed
That we lead double standard life
Through all the injustice making life not fair,
the world is choking, gasping for air.
Even though people differ in color, beliefs, and tongues,
Life is too short to be spent
griping about the past,
things you don't have,
I.
Room after room,
I hunt the house through
The question'what is love' has grown from the stage of seed into a plant, in me...
Its heading towards a huge tree,
I couldn't bare it any longer....
In the tranquility of hope
And divinity of love that
Binds us to feel the inner self
When love resides in heart
The head makes body to dance
Life enjoys moments
in the love's blanket
our body melts together
to give a new lifethose in music for the long haul
are chime web symphony enchanted
because music is an inseparable
Western Wind
Western wind, when will thou blow,
The small rain down can rain?
If innocence and wonder together
Are the true foundation of wisdom
(And they are, you know they are)
You are beautiful,
You give birth to my soul,
You blossom me wealth,
O ME! O life!... of the questions of these recurring;
Of the endless trains of the faithless--of cities fill'd with the
foolish;
One life to live one life to love
Cherish the good disregard the bad
Good or bad, take it as a learning experience and move on in life
Everyone's life
Everyone's life's really tragic it seems,
There's just not time friend to live all our dreams.
As I was a-wand'ring ae morning in spring,
I heard a young ploughman sae sweetly to sing;
And as he was singin', thir words he did say, -
RARe 2nd Stanza - In Life And For Life
March 15, 2020
Desire
The more we live, more brief appear
Our life's succeeding stages;
A day to childhood seems a year,
in the midst of night
burn without predicament
secret myriadStore up for a while
What things you might need
Just for few weeks
The experience of faith
affects all the faculties
and yet transcends them all.
Isn't this life is like
this frozen ice on the leaves,
it will fall drop by drop
Teachers are special, they enable...
Teachers are speakers to adults predestined in life.
Teachers are single or married...
The lost boyhood and the lost teen age,
Roaming on a bicycle in a small town,
That wasn’t completely electrified,
Money, name nor fame,
Joy nor yet dharma,
Nor this-that karma,
The Best thing in life is life itself.
How we live it determines our role.
The Good the bad and the indifferent.
Light flows our war of mocking words, and yet,
Behold, with tears mine eyes are wet!
I feel a nameless sadness o'er me roll.
TO THE HONOURED MR ENDYMION PORTER, GROOM OF
THE BED-CHAMBER TO HIS MAJESTY
Sweet country life, to such unknown,
nature and our planet
are special sacred holy
the life blood of all earth life...
Now, the spring season is almost over.
My Asian pear trees are loaded with green baby fruits.
Tulip garden already closed its season.
Don't remember,
Still can't recall,
The fusion of gametes.
Life had come into my life
And furtively, had taken away
The luminous stars from my eyes,
If after rude and boisterous seas
My wearied pinnace here finds ease;
If so it be I've gain'd the shore,
★This Life This Life I Cannot Leave You Again
☆Luo Zhihai Lyrics and Translation
Where did your form appear?
Tie the strings to my life, my Lord,
Then I am ready to go!
Just a look at the horses --
‘Too much of a good thing may be bad'
As the old cliche' goes
So always do things in moderation
Traveling the highway one summer day
Looking at the land along the way
But there was something wrong that should not be
When sinks my heart in hopeless gloom,
And life can shew no joy for me;
And I behold a yawning tomb,
WEAVE in! weave in, my hardy life!
Weave yet a soldier strong and full, for great campaigns to come;
Weave in red blood! weave sinews in, like ropes! the senses, sight
Resembles Life what once was held of Light,
Too ample in itself for human sight ?
An absolute Self--an element ungrounded--
Not in thy body is thy life at all
But in this lady's lips and hands and eyes;
Through these she yields thee life that vivifies
It has neither a beginning nor an end
You can never predict where it will bend.
Life is a teacher, it will show you the way
Words beaten out of the frozen mouth are never remembered.
Memories as lovely as the moment when all sunflowers spring out in summer luxury are always thrown back into our knowledge luggage.
Songs are never remembered for a lifetime but memorised for sometime.
to compromise
one suffers a certain loss
I've lost a face once, and then a mouth
959
A loss of something ever felt I—
The first that I could recollect
I remember speaking to you,
Once upon some months ago.
Once upon a fairy tale;
To live with a loss so great
After time of month-long waiting
Would invite such natural rage,
When I did name her little lost one, she
Brushed from her eyes the precious drops of love,
As if her memory with his sweet name shaken
There was nothing violent
about the death of your thoughts
from my memories.
A mother to her son is no more a repute
If her modesty is suspected.
A wife to her husband is no more cute
I envy not thy mortal triumphs, Death,
(Thou enemy to Vertue as to Breath)
Nor do I wonder much, nor yet complain
Do I have an answer to loss?
Do you?
The answer to loss! ! ! ! !
I remember the rain
Drenching from the blinds
Making sound of silence, dripping outside...
without your family life would be cold
without your family the tears will flow
the more you think the more you know
I: Loss
It’s been three years that we’ve gone out
And now you chose to let me go
Upon an eve I sat me down and wept,
Because the world to me seemed nowise good;
Still autumn was it, & the meadows slept,
How can you grieve and express loss?
Do you cry loud think or choose?
Stay in corner and get lost in memory
Instantly life flashes through my mind,
It is raining, but there's not a cloud in the sky.
Succumbed by emotion,
AH! who'll e'er those days restore,
Those bright days of early love
Who'll one hour again concede,
I bought an idol made of ivory.
All said it was good; it got its glory.
Who must I be grateful to:
Words fall short
To express a sense of loss.
It can only be felt
All has been plunder'd from me but my wit:
Fortune herself can lay no claim to it.'HOW DO YOU COPE'
How do you cope with the loss of a child?
One minute their here, the next their gone.
When I was young, I saw happy ever after in your eyes.
The stars reflected in your auburn hair, and new horizons
sprang eternal every morning with sunlit skies.
When I compare
What I have lost with what I have gained,
What I have missed with what attained,
Brother Jackson died a few moons ago. It is a loss.
It is a finale; it is the final curtain.
Everyday is a loss, tomorrow is uncertain.
There's kinds of loss that can bum you out
The loss of a game
You lost your way
Going away,
I take one last look behind,
And you can't believe those winter days
I have given this one most thought.
To learn this lesson you may not want.
But everybody knows and everybody felt
“Our loss was light,” the paper said,
“Compared with damage to the Hun”:
She was a widow, and she read
In a solitude of the sea
Deep from human vanity,
And the Pride of Life that planned her, stilly couches she.
When I compare
What I have lost with what I have gained,
What I have missed with what attained,
Virtue runs before the muse
And defies her skill,
She is rapt, and doth refuse
Great men by small means oft are overthrown;
He's lord of thy life, who contemns his own.When I had vigour
I had no valour;
When I gathered valour
Loss of love from your partner in soul:
A.k.a. jilt;
Loss of love from your bygones of souls:
I was lost 6 months ago
It was lust that drove my soul
I couldn't controll...
The loss of a child no matter what age
Doesn't seem to ease the pain.
Whether it be one day or a lifetime of memories
A loss of a friend hurts
The loss of a best friend hurts more,
But it is never a true loss;
My Loss...
Of a Mother.
Of a Friend.
Curiosity grows, finding new ground
Temptation breaks all resistance
Dark discoveries flood in
A single picture has brought it all back again.
I can smell the smells
and hear the sounds
When the faith is lost in the heaven
Then the peace will become an enemy in our soul
When the love is lost in our heart
Death leaves heartache no one can heal, grief fresh, adjusting to losing a friend. In time memories bring humor and I'll laugh again and it will dissipate the pain. Things I don't want to happen but must learn to accept, adjust and believe happen for a reason. Remain in faith and prayer for friends and family I can't live with out but have to let go...those I have lost & My children that I am away from, I am missing you everyday.Watching the dismal streets,
the rain splasing down,
Drip dropp Drip drop
I thank the loss of my memory
Of those days when I had not a friend
I am thankful to the memory
In cold and bitter dark
Madness falls like rain
The muddied slopes of reason
I wonder if you think of me at all,
I am and it’s not helping me any more.
I need someone to take me away,
A forgotten time
A forgotten society
A forgotten land
Unattainable perfection
Highlighted flaws projected through a reflection
Glanced at through lowered eyes made heavy
I saw her face in a painting
High cheekbones thin nose full lips
I see her now as she's fainting-struggling- wandering
Losing someone so special to you
Someone you loved so dearly
To lose that person
Loss is something one deals with in their own way,
I've lost so much, its all but gone,
Out of it all..... I miss my mind the most.
In the might Orange River
just past Augrabies
you lost your magic ring
I never knew when you arrived,
Had no clue when you left.
How long were you with me,
Into the thousands
he flows and blends,
squeezes in a quick breakfast,
She gave the day its heart of fire,
She gave the night her soul of flame;
The sun and moon translated through
In the depths of the night,
As they stumble–in darkness,
They know not what is right;
the loss of a loved one is hard to face
but you know they're in a better place
a place where there is no suffering and no pain
The loss of your virginity to the one you love
you think it's wrong but he says it's all right
you trust him with your whole heart
Loss can be good for us,
researchers say (Nolen-Hoeksema
and Davis,2002)   – it’s called
I told him i loved him,
what a stupid mistake on my part.
He actually made me feel like a real person,
I am so lost, alone, and misguided...
Where are the people I clung to?
I wish today was yesterday,
Indeed we live in troubled times
Our days filled with angst n’ worry
Good folk committing petty crimes
If I could clasp my little babe
Upon my breast to-night,
I would not mind the blowing wind
All those poems
I never wrote
you are my lost
If I could catch the thieving critter,
Who stole my sense of humour,
I'd kick him in the you know whats,
IN the world was one green nook I knew,
Full of roses, roses red and white,
Reddest roses summer ever grew,
Let me not cry with your passing away.
For in my heart, you'll always
Be here to stay.
The candle melts itself,
And the wick burns itself,
Just to give us away its light.
I’m grateful to my birth
And dreadful to my death.
Joy and sorrow repeat.
I loved her and lost all for her.
I lost her too and no regrets
As I have lost myself to her.
On the loss of a young man
~
A young man
Written when the news arrived.
Toll for the brave!
The brave that are no more!
The pain of loss is just too much
you will no longer be here to touch
gone forever is so true
In our world, you are still here in spirit, to guide us, help us and do what you do best, make us laugh when times get hard.
You are now the wind beneath our wings,
The air in which we breathe,
Each day a new sword flashes in the van;
Another leader, brave to do or die,
Comes forth, full- furnished for the strife whereby
When a man loses, another gains.
For such is the law of this World.
The apple picked becomes yours;
I woke up one morning
Finding love in a strange place
He was in a jam with a broken wing
8 years old
My little squirrel died
I know I must have cried
424
Removed from Accident of Loss
By Accident of Gain
Hardest of Lifes lessons is loss,
In which having becomes without,
When complete changes to shatters,
Woman is a host and man is a guest
In a sexual act, an accomplished act.
She enjoys offering herself to him.
Losing a poem is like losing a life
A poem that seems set to make history
then itself now becoming history
See that fallen Princess! her splendor is gone--
The pomp of her morning is over;
Her day-star of pleasure refuses to dawn,
All through an empty place I go,
And find her not in any room;
The candles and the lamps I light
today words escape me
I am sad beyond them
my world will pause today
I wish there were words I can say
what I feel from day to day
Nobody knows what I'd do
They are calling their deliberate, derogatory antics,
Meltdowns.
I refer to them,
1
The Eurydice—it concerned thee, O Lord:
Three hundred souls, O alas! on board,
Alas! Now o'er Britannia there hangs a gloom,
Because over 400 British Tars have met with a watery tomb;
Who served aboard the " Victoria," the biggest ship in the navy,
I don't quite remember
When it was, or maybe
Where it was...
A defeat at the hand of a heavy weight
Or a defeat by a hair thin margin
Is, like success, worth remembering.
PALE brows, still hands and dim hair,
I had a beautiful friend
And dreamed that the old despair
The dust and smoke of the battle done
The dead left lying in the trenches
Young people's tears mixed with blood
Fading laughter
From memories past
Hidden tears
I have lost, and lately, these
Many dainty mistresses:--
Stately Julia, prime of all;
Forgive me if I say the demise of your father
Brought me back to my writing once again.
But it’s also true- I had stopped writing rather
I resent
What loss represents
I resent
Im sitting here looking at this old flower,
It's been about a half an hour.
Seeing you, No longer makes me blue.
It had been a long passing away.
A death that crackles the hardest stone,
He sank into the bed of this bay,
loosing my hair
large wad in the brush
let loose outside
Law of love?  Sounds good… so, tell me more…
Love of law?  mmm…maybe…not so sure…
You can disregard the ancients –
i wish to be the air you breathe
love that floods your every cell
revitalising you, cheering you up
love, oh what is love?
flowers in so many shapes and hues
giving sweetness  to butterflies and bees
Before you arrived
Love was just a four letter word
You gave definitionWell, honey it is January
And soon it will be February
I know what it reminds me
(love is like)
Love is like a painting
filled with all colours and shades
so there you are in
your pram or kiddikarria
nicely tucked up,
I remember that day when we came to know each other
We had a good chat and shared with all our views
That day and night, I could not sleep and kept on watching
Birds sing "I love you, love" the whole day through,
And not another song can they sing right;
But, singing done with, loving's done with quite,
LOVE for love, and moments sweet,
Lips returning kiss for kiss,
Word for word, and eyes that meet;
C for you to see
P for you to Pray
G for you to Guide
Your not here with me my love,
so I hold my pillow to my chest
and make believe its you.
Falling in love with love,
There's nothing like this,
Become like someone you love,
My love is like an ocean
It goes down so deep
My love is like a rose
keeper of my heart
love me as long as i live
show me the bright lightHard is the love couples share as they try to reveal the love they share-
The words aren't there, hard to find, hard to seek. Love is hard and also blind when you try to hide,  and when you know its there.
Love is hard the up and downs, highs and lows, tares and snares
I do not love you except because I love you;
I go from loving to not loving you,
From waiting to not waiting for you
I Love You
I Love Love You
no other words could say it more
My hands
cradling your head
against my chest
I read her to see her
And see her to perceive her.
Perceive that her mind touch
I love you because I love you...
and because I love you, I hate you!
and from hating you,
Take a look at my poem, Spontaneous GenerationIf love were like water
I'd build you a fountain,
And if love were like stone
Of all of God's creation
I love you foremost
Tower of inspiration
Here sits a boy so in love with this girl,
But he won't say a word cause it sets him in a whirl.
And it won't stop spinning untill he can find
It's been hours now just laying in bed
Almost time to get up for work but only your in my head
I'm laughing at myself for wishing for the same fantasy
Your beauty overwhelms me
As I wrap my arms around you
I press your softness tight
The seed of love is lying in my heart
the clouds are becoming heavy
the air has become cool and breezy
life is life, however it would go
love is love, no matter what would occur
love is growing more with every hearts beat
Love you in the morning!
Love you in the evening,
Love you in the noonday,
Through all the injustice making life not fair,
the world is choking, gasping for air.
Even though people differ in color, beliefs, and tongues,
Void, empty, hollow inside
My dreams have fled, my hopes have died
Existence has no reason
Valentine - A mark of love's effervescence,
Verily! Love's romantic exuberances,
Villa of charming red roses,
In Love!
But……………………..
Not with love that dazzles and disappears,
The time will come
when, with elation
you will greet yourself arriving
Loss can be good for us,
researchers say (Nolen-Hoeksema
and Davis,2002)   – it’s called
Your eyes in my heart,
vast, deep, bluish,
a sweet breeze now touches
and right now, I’m spending most of my time
on the two matters of which I seem to know the least –
love; and poetry.
We do not have to seek for love
nor fear it ever go:
but simply, rest within ourself;
For thy heart beats of pain.
For it yearns for love
Yet, love is not on the scale
Even In sleep the old man weeps,
his heartbeat a throb, love gone - love gone.
Each moment too long since he held her tight,
Love
is found;
enraptured
Love is the coin in the fountain
The wish that’s never granted
Love is the night sky that has more stars than you need
_________Author's Prologue____________
Originally written for my (then) 12 year old daughter
on her challenge for me to write a rhyming poem in
LOVE IS
Always good mannered, bears up under stress
Looks for ways to be kindly, is quick to confess.
I can not fathom, the reasons
nor understand the significance
why does love just blossoms
Every one is each love
Some thing...
Some budy love god
She took away my fears
and opened my heart
like a letter
Love is the salt, in the life-meal
If you taste it unsalted, many times hurt you feel
Love is something real, you cant pretend
How do you write a poem
about Love?
It cannot be caught
Love love love love and if love is okay,
I know love is there to makes you grow,
I know also lack of love makes you decay.Love, love, love!
Is very special
And so warm
From east to west from north to south
Let all creation find
That truth is always in our mouth
Oh it's so easy to say -
'Give what you think you lack -
You feel unloved? Then give love, and love, and love...'...
Love is not
Love...
Love is sex...!
call me
and I will rise
raise me
love...
love...
love...
they were lovers once
emotions ripple in pond
they count what went wrong
Love, love, love...
Thanks goes to the all mighty one from up above.
You've brought my mate just to my side...
Fingers mesmerizing cool and soft against skin
Tongues softly seeking whipping tasting lingering
Arms clutching holding wrapping enfolding yearning
Love me, love me, love me
White says love me
Never, Ever, Never
I once wrote some poetry - the best,
the finest POETRY
My POETRY came with a capital
Love oh love is everywhere
Like inside my dream,
Here and there yesteryear
This is a LOVE poem about all the poems I love, about love, poems...
All who have tasted the finest love,
speak the same language.
Soft and warm
Sealed with care
Sweet and kind
he offered her all the treasures that she desired
if only she could put out his fire.
the fire that was in his soul
Am I sick cos I hate to hate you,
You made me hate you,
Let myself hate you,
Love to love,
Love to be loved.
Love a person,
Love was.....
When 'if' lay between you and I
And 'never' seemed forever
LOVE - what is love?  A great and aching heart;
Wrung hands; and silence; and a long despair.
Life - what is life?  Upon a moorland bare
love love love  without love but love
love in midnight love in any time or place without  any  place
love through light and heart of the  nymphs of the sea
love you, and don`t know how to love you....
or why i love you...
or how your love came to me...
Love's Beautiful
I was scared of love -
love was a slap in the face
Thus piteously Love closed what he begat:
The union of this ever-diverse pair!
These two were rapid falcons in a snare,
Love ere he bleeds, an eagle in high skies,
Has earth beneath his wings: from reddened eve
He views the rosy dawn. In vain they weave
more than a love, I Love You...
I would travel a thousand miles, just to be with you...
I would yell with a high voice, just to hear me from there...
I don't always tell you
that the joy you bring,
brightened my way.
You said to me that you will be there on that day
but when that day came then you were not there for me
So much love showered and so many promises were made
When I love you so, then I look at your eyes
Love can be anything when you are in my arms
My love, I love you more than anything in this world
My love, your love, his love, and our love
Are all different from each other
Let me tell you about my love first
O love love love love love love love
Makes me so glad baby makes me so sad
O love love love love love love love
PRIMEVAL my love for the woman I love,
O bride! O wife! more resistless, more enduring than I can tell, the
thought of you!
Am I falling for him or is htis just puppy love? Even though he's not mine I still get weak from his hugs. It's crazy how my parents say it's just puppy love but not this time around.What do I feel when i know im like a rebound? I want him to be the one but who really knows.....? I know he's good just like a pound of dro. So is it puppy love or is it real love? I may never know so this is the way i feel.....scarlet beats the heart
tranquility in my soul
when you ~ in my armsX
Yet, love, mere love, is beautiful indeed
And worthy of acceptation. Fire is bright,
Yet, love, mere love, is beautiful indeed
And worthy of acceptation. Fire is bright,
Let temple burn, or flax; an equal light
The measure of love, in truth, is this:
To treasure each sigh, close by, then kiss!
I've revelled each girl I yearn,
I once was asked concerning love versus hate
Why does it seem that hate is so great?
While hate is a very strong emotion too
To Love Or Not To Love
That is the question
Should or shouldn't we
If true love is love truly
then let true love be true
don't rip a hole in my chest
They say watching someone you love
Love someone else
Is the hardest thing you can do.
Why do we love love so much when it never did us any good,
We love love for the fun of it, or just because we know we could.
But the question is, why do love hate us,
for feeling cross heart of  seas like love
passionate roses and  lips
sweet  body and lovely soul of venus
You give to me hope
And help me to cope
When life pulls me down
Something makes me sad
Something makes me mad
Something makes me glad
My heart is a wanderer in love
May it ever remain so
Roaming in the pathless land
Beware, my Love
Of the thunder
That we will encounter
The side glances of the lover
From the east from the mountains
From the deserts from the wild
I know where shall he go
Seven seas or oceans as he lives
In my heart of flesh and emotions deep
The sun went down for the night to cover
The earth that lay bare in front of me
Like the face you hide for the lover to adore
Are stolen fruits the most exciting?
Down on you with tongue delighting
As a butterfly lands on a flower
Jealous ones get (envy)     upon a beauty,
A beauty that has swiped two souls,
One soul wiped by true love,
Into the dark, dank cellar
I lead you by the hand
towards a marble alter
There is no love or lust
it is body hunger and must
there is nothing like love or attachment
A night of lust and love
Brush your lips against my neck
And so begins your siren trek
You glance over and smile,
A smile just for me,
I return it.
eyes the color of gold
there is a story that must be told
a passionate soul that is true
Are you in lust with the world and all its glory?
Are you caught up in fantasy, some fairy- tale story?
Do you live for the moment and crave after feeling,
Feeling restless, feeling high
This aching heat, it will never die
It consumes me so, from the inside
They say
Death is not what it seems
It does not replace the screams
Blood dripping from the fangs
that bite
Clothed within the dark
I make my way, through the heavily treed,
leaf covered path, I suddenly see you.
You're standing there, surrounded by wild flowers.
I once had a secret crush
People say it must be lust
they don't know the way i blush
O Lust! you're burning holes in our affair.
We lost our brazen face without a care-
Flaunting all in front of those who scowled,
Tequila breath, death, sex, your face.
Little dirty secrets and your young taste.
Never too scared to try what the public hates.
And spending a lot
Over cosmetics, costumes and gyms
Beside being on diet,
Entranced by the jewels of youth
when mischief rules our minds,
and hormones raging, so uncouth,
Gnarled Lust
is a blackened tree
feasting on a murdered landscape;
Love can be
A miracle surprise
Beaming from
If beauty is only skin deep as they say
Into your body I would find a way.
I would pull out the beauties that
Day in, day out, we  spend precious time together
Talking and sharing things which interest each other
Night in, night out, we stay in touch
Introduction: Limit itself has a limit of its own…
A walk, mile after mile
In quest for my lost soul,
I was lost 6 months ago
It was lust that drove my soul
I couldn't controll...
Thoughts of you, how my temperature rises
Your body next to mine so divine
Your touch electric upon my skin
Bodies entwined
Hearts resounding
the shivers of sweat
Many memories flow through me like blood of a scholar
Or the winds of Mother Nature whispering in your ear
Making you calm watching love in the making creating
Love awakens any age
Fifties thirties teen
Grows to strength with steady rage
In loving someone,
I cannot tell,
The thought of lust,
Each shall have a room, as they are distinct
As love is blind, lust has eyes wide open for its games
As love is day, lust is the night at the bar
Love is something devine
falls from the heaven to earth
It expects nothing for it  but
Love you with a deep desire
Lust for you with my whole being
Long for you to hold me close
A love so secret, veiled and dark,
Hidden deep within my heart.
Yet I think I may be wrong
She wont eat
And she can't sleep
Lonley nights
LOVE OR LUST.?
i did everything i could
to take away ur frown
Preoccupied with sexual notions
Centered on one major outlet
Including in a meaningless act
The drought kills the thirst
Harvest is a rarity
Dry winds dance in skin deep heat
Well designed hearts
In the sands in deserts
Drawn by the fingertips
To say that love is breeze and lust, tempest
Or that love is spring and lust is summer
Is to say that love is best and lust, worst.
Straight from the gutters of hell!
She blows, sweeter than sugar
She burns,  flaming desires
Gazing upon the turquoise-beaded necklace
Of a dark, mysterious Turkish girl,
A man slips into mystical ancient times
Discontented heart and a restless soul,
unaware i was of my goals.
Alcohol, cocaine, hashish and grass
Trecking in from the wind,
Is a beauty so joyful,
She begins to sing,
Enraptured by the mystic starry sky
Vincent so desperately wanted to try,
To paint this enchanting twilight scene,
He's just too 'touchy feely'
He gets too close to me
He gets a kiss from all the girls
Be she a metal, coal or oil,
No woman is immune to combustion of lust.
Intensity and duration of flame determine.
As a lad I set my eyes upon girls
With radiant faces. For a kiss?
As a youth I cast my eyes on damsels,
Ignition
She had risked the fire of her face
To return to her swarm days;
He lusts for her
Her apple breasts
Beneath her vest
Tho' you crush the fang
Of an erratic, cunning cub,
Wandering in shadow
If it’s lust or love
nobody will ever know
and the night in front of the hot fireplace
Some say they believe in
love at first sight…
I scoff at those who see the
Lust is what I speak tonight,
Lust is what I see tonight,
Lust is what I feel tonight,
When on Vedas I concentrate,
Human passions come in spate;
From the Vedas take me away,
Lust, a burning, searing flame
that creeps through your veins.
Lighting you up with a hot,
I want your body, I want your mind
I want you with me all the time,
I pull you close, I feel a shiver
lust is a passionate desire. When I lust I cant to be tamed you think SEX but I think LIFE.......nobody can stop you from lust more you lust life more you become he who is untamed not worrying about the opinion of others but only of your own. For you are your own worst enemy, and I am that enemy that will stop at no end to defeat my offenders.
SpadezIt's like a loud gale...
scorching hundred miles an hour
leaving bruises at the brim of mother-earth
A Flurry of texts hot talk and sex charged environments can have adverse effect causing defects in the heart and soul lasting till you grow old regrets beget sadness that's an easy way of slipping into madness but i digress from the point of this there is none not a single reason for this a sickness so seductive never wanting to miss a second of each sweet kiss a love drunk bliss until words fly like imaginary fist's and heart's are pummeledWhat is it really?
Is it within you? ..is it
your lips wrapped
Lust destroyed my love
Lust pushed away my one
Lust made me weak
I hear the words you say to me
I see the way you look at me
I know whats on your mind
Don't Let Lust Get You
It Will Betray, The One You Love
The One You Love Won't Trust If You Let Lust Get You
A mere sight
of your body,
lits me up
The heavens may forget
that lovers sit on idle haunches
waiting for the stars to fall
Submitting to lust.
Passion and emotion combined to a rush.
A drug without a form.
To feel your hands once again
To feel your warm breathe on my neck
To feel your lips on mine
My body yearns for you, craving your hungry touch.
Igniting a fire within me I never wanted you so much.
My passion continues to bulid, You take me to the very top
Today i realised
lust is not lust
i must not be fussed with lust
sail with me
on my boat to the sea
your breasts my paddles
...and then i hold
on to my body part
all my senses
With-in my mind
I make the scenario,
this dance of devious temptation.
The lust wounds
the flesh kills
deceit of temptation appeals
My lust for you is like a fire
All it does is burn
It burns everything in sight
Orange slice
inside
my mouth
Peeping at porno
downloaded three years ago
and not seen since
Far far away
Deep in space
To a sexy galaxy you will go
In my mind i capture and seduce you with the inevitable blashphemy dreams of sex
Lust at our sight dominating our control of the prudent mind,
it's so clear of what this can lead to next
Bizarre déité, brune comme les nuits,
Au parfum mélangé de musc et de havane,
Oeuvre de quelque obi, le Faust de la savane,
SENUALITY AND LUST
esspeecee …09.06.09
Extramarital affair
The world knows it and yet falls in this swamp,
Though knowing well one can’t come out alive;
Lust works its charms and you feel you are champ,
The feel of your teeth
On my ear lobe,
Your nails
Are you blind or eyes were gone
In lust or many more
To grab the dust of grass
i have seen the fullness of the glory of
the front
i am awed
With padded feet from out his own dark den
Comes smiling Lust, once fair and hard to
please,
The last with lust...
between your arms...
here i am...
Wake me up from this dream,
Nothings ever as it seems.
This secret gift we do not share, leaves me wondering if you'll always be there.
Lust means luxuria, lechery, lasciviousness and sensuality.
Lust means intensive desire for sexual pleasure,
A taboo of the sixth commandments.
The lust for power and money to corruption lead
And some cheat and lie to satisfy their greed
And big Corporations do not have a soul
The lust for power is an addiction the Government their own praises do sing
And rubbish their main opposition as to Government they try to cling
The voters bombarded with propaganda right up until election day
The lust for power consumes men
Blinds the mind and pollutes reason
Diverts good purposes and then
I care not for my Lady’s soul
Though I worship before her smile;
I care not where be my Lady’s goal
Sweetheart...
come...
we are alone now...
The lust we fought for in now just a pile of ash.
The lust we fought for was a lie to it's very last.
The lust we fought for burns in my memory every night.
I thought you were history when,
I heard the slam at the door!
But like the tale of two obsessions in love,
What is the night's remorse if not the regret of your lips gone from mine?
Is it the moon mocking the sun in its endless game of chase?
Where, for but a moment, they are lovers joined then just as quickly receded.
These days everybody uses word love to express his or her feeling
But the problem is majority of them don’t know the real love meaning
What real love has to do with the lust?
the days when liking someone was so simple and meaningless
like someone for no reason, or purpose
you like the way the looked
Do you ever see me bleed? how my eyes be come so numb
How my body felt so cold and froze can't seem to move a bit
Memorise every step that we take in the affection which was true
I don't believe in love, I decided long ago:
that other hearts were summer heat and mine was winter snow
I despised them for their impudence, oh such a long way to go!
My heart beats faster as I almost expect you to be there,
As I look for you for, for  your eyes, for your lips, for your touch.
My skin yearns for you, for your fingers to linger across my chest.
and brought back with her
the first few primroses she did not pick
tucked neat into the hedgerow
I speak to you easily,
shadowy figure in my mmeory,
reliving all your picaresque adventures
dry grass prickles my feet,
9 years old ignorant toward
the feeling that paralyzes my heart,
Waiting patiently a quarter to one,
we heard the whistle blow.
I looked at the others, took deep breaths,
Walking  barefoot  in the sand
basking in the early morning sun,
I felt at peace with the stillness of
Look me up at 2: 00AM
When the last lonely bar has closed
And you’re drunk with sadness
I
In Casterbridge there stood a noble pile,
Wrought with pilaster, bay, and balustrade
Somewhile before the dawn I rose, and stept
Softly along the dim way to your room,
And found you sleeping in the quiet gloom,
When June comes dancing o'er the death of May,
With scarlet roses tinting her green breast,
And mating thrushes ushering in her day,
They mouth love's language. Gnash
The thirteen teeth
Your lean jaws grin with. Lash
THE moments passed as at a play;
I had the wisdom love brings forth;
I had my share of mother-wit,
Adown the grass-grown paths we strayed,
The evening cowslips ope’d
Their yellow eyes to look at her,
Four ducks on a pond,
A grass-bank beyond,
A blue sky of spring,
Shall the great soul of Newton quit this earth,
To mingle with his stars; and every muse,
Astonish'd into silence, shun the weight
St. Andrews, 1923
The, Gods that are wiser than Learning
But kinder than Life have made sure
She found his ring
the other day
where she had put it
After the funeral, mule praises, brays,
Windshake of sailshaped ears, muffle-toed tap
Tap happily of one peg in the thick
1
A sudden bliss has seized my mind,
And to a mountain peak it carries me
SHALL I strew on thee rose or rue or laurel,
Brother, on this that was the veil of thee?
Or quiet sea-flower moulded by the sea,
Listening to ' Beatles Sunday Morning'
Reminds me of a foggy London memory.......
Spent nine hours on a plane from JFK
When I look upon a photograph.
Not so long ago, not so faded.
A picture of my beloved big brother.
High in the sky, like a bird in the air,
One lonely kite, soars peacefully there,
A child on the ground, with a string in  hand,
Crazy Loneliness Hijacks Memory of a Beautiful Girl
Last night
I missed you so much
What beck'ning ghost, along the moon-light shade
Invites my steps, and points to yonder glade?
'Tis she!--but why that bleeding bosom gor'd,
DEAR SHADE OF HIM, who grac'd the mimick scene,
And charm'd attention with resistless pow'r;
Whose wond'rous art, whose fascinating mien,
NEAR yon bleak mountain's dizzy height,
That hangs o'er AVON's silent wave;
By the pale Crescent's glimm'ring light,
"With female Fairies will thy tomb be haunted
"And worms will not come to thee." SHAKSPERE.
WHEN from Day's closing eye the lucid tears
Long ago, I was wounded. I lived
to revenge myself
against my father, not
To finger-sponge crust crumbs of fruit meringue
(Grass prickling through the blanket-tablecloth);
To climb the shading oak; to roll and hang
If the memory I have of you
Were small enough to fill a thimble
I would fill a thimble,
A long time ago,1976 to be exact
a friend said I should go along
to a writing class he had joined.
I
The angels guide him now,
And watch his curly head,
Blessed be Thou for all the joy
My soul has felt today!
O let its memory stay with me
FIVE-AND-TWENTY years have gone
Since old William pollexfen
Laid his strong bones down in death
The light of evening, Lissadell,
Great windows open to the south,
Two girls in silk kimonos, both
When snow like sheep lay in the fold
And wind went begging at each door,
And the far hills were blue with cold,
Here is my gift, not roses on your grave,
not sticks of burning incense.
You lived aloof, maintaining to the end
Now that we're almost settled in our house
I'll name the friends that cannot sup with us
Beside a fire of turf in th' ancient tower,
My quietness has a man in it, he is transparent
and he carries me quietly, like a gondola, through the streets.
He has several likenesses, like stars and years, like numerals.
I do not think of you lying in the wet clay
Of a Monaghan graveyard; I see
You walking down a lane among the poplars
Beautiful brown mixed with black and white
Eyes that sparkled with the call of going out into nature
Faithful and loyal, true friendship
Back to the flower-town, side by side,
The bright months bring,
New-born, the bridegroom and the bride,
Heavens above! here's an old tie of your--
Sea-green dragons stamped on a golden ground.
Ha! Ha! Ha!  What children we were in those days.
Oh Britain! dear Isle, when the annals of story
Shall tell of the deeds that thy children have done,
When the strains of each poet shall sing of their glory,
"Fate snatch'd him early to the pitying sky."
- POPE.
IF WORTH, too early to the grave consign'd,
A gentle touch upon the forearm
with a hand, gloved or warm with life,
outside the church door;
I thank the loss of my memory
Of those days when I had not a friend
I am thankful to the memory
I remember well, the curse of Sarajevo
My friends cheering, the black line
'We will be home before Christmas'.
I.
See! what an undisturbed teare
She weepes for her last sleepe;
The wind skirts
the lake
fingering the hem
I split the atoms
apart
(looking for the heart of the matter)
Do you ever hear a haunting refrain,
Which takes you back to that moment again,
When memories flow and scenes are set,
You say love is this, love is that:
Poplar tassels, willow tendrils
the wind and the rain comb,
Every old man I see
Reminds me of my father
When he had fallen in love with death
Memory of sun seeps from the heart.
Grass grows yellower.
Faintly if at all the early snowflakes
you've been gone for quite some time
but the memory of you still lives on
it seems just like yesterday you left
You are but a memory to my dear heart
that dwindles as each day passes me by.
My heart yearns for you, but you're not there,
I
A wide-spring meadow in a rosy dawn
Bedropt with virgin buds; an orient sky
Brightly the sun of summer shone,
Green fields and waving woods upon,
And soft winds wandered by;
It was a happening,
a moment in time,
some fifty years ago.
ask me to tell how it feels
remembering your mother's face
turned to water under the white words
O MEMORY, thou fond deceiver,
Still importunate and vain,
To former joys recurring ever,
Like a shell on the beach...
My memory lingers on....
The waves carry them in...
When I was young my heart and head were light,
And I was gay and feckless as a colt
Out in the fields, with morning in the may,
My mind lets go a thousand things
Like dates of wars and deaths of kings,
And yet recalls the very hour--
SO shuts the marigold her leaves
At the departure of the sun;
So from the honeysuckle sheaves
ONE had a lovely face,
And two or three had charm,
But charm and face were in vain
A pen--to register; a key--
That winds through secret wards
Are well assigned to Memory
And,
It's raining
Again,
Late, late last night, when the whole world slept,
Along to the garden of dreams I crept.
And I pulled the bell of an old, old house
Chill penury repress'd his noble rage,
And froze the genial current of his soul.
GRAY.
(To have been read before the statue of Lafayette and Washington in Paris, on Decoration Day, May 30, 1916).
I
Ay, it is fitting on this holiday,
Soul of the Poet ! wheresoe'er,
Reclaimed from earth, thy genius plume
Her wings of immortality ;
O THOUGHT, fly to her when the end of day
Awakens an old memory, and say,
'Your strength, that is so lofty and fierce and kind,
When Faith and Love, which parted from thee never,
Had ripened thy just soul to dwell with God,
Meekly thou didst resign this earthly load
Remorse -  is Memory -  awake -
Her Parties all astir -
A Presence of Departed Acts -
Memory, hither come,
And tune your merry notes;
And, while upon the wind
So bends beneath the storm yon balmy flow'r,
Whose spicy blossoms once perfum'd the gale;
So press'd with tears reclines yon lily pale,
Circa 1904 -- Done out of Boethius by Geoffrey Chaucer
Blessed was our first age and morning-time. Then were no
waies tarren, ne no cars numberen, but each followed his owne
THE WATERS make a music low:
The river reeds
Are trembling to the tunes of long ago—
and then in between remarks,
you fall silent, still, the eyes
not far away but rather,
Divorced, but friends again at last,
we walk old ground together
in bright blue uncomplicated weather.
As she lay dying with the radio playing softly in the background,
The notes of a song so sweet tickled and triggered her memory,
Number one in the charts the week she was born,
The very memory of your smile
The thoughts of seeing you again
Make each day worth while
You are abruptly lost
Like a kite
flying on raw threads
Strange Power, I know not what thou art,
Murderer or mistress of my heart.
I know I'd rather meet the blow
Oh in this dearth and winter of the soul,
When even Hope, still wont to soar and sing,
Droopeth, a starveling bird whose downy wing
A gentle spirit now above
Once animated what lies here
Till heav'n announc'd in tenderest love
Petals torn from faded roses,
Memories stored in jars.
Photographs with different poses,
Farewell, too little and too lately known,
Whom I began to think and call my own;
For sure our souls were near allied, and thine
The day returns again, my natal day;
What mix'd emotions with the Thought arise!
Beloved friend, four years have pass'd away
BEYOND where billows roll or tempests vex
Is gone the gentlest of the gentle sex!
---Her brittle bark on life's wild ocean tost
Thou youngest virgin-daughter of the skies,
Made in the last promotion of the Blest;
Whose palms, new pluck'd from Paradise,
Travelling down the memory lane
is not all black 'n white.
Travelling down the memory lane
(Nicola Sacco -- Bartolomeo Vanzetti)
Executed August 23, 1927
I
Years ago, we came to the end of the line,
both went our separate ways,
but your memory keeps calling me back.
Your memory stays on
While you are long gone
A typical down to earth hero
I can almost see you from my window
the way you sauntered up to my door.
How you would always look at the mailbox
Told myself today was gonna be the day
No more excuses~~I knew just what to say
Battin' my eyes, I know what to play
Memory
Plays the keys
Of my heart
You look good and you know it too
Why no one is as pretty as you
You bought yourself a new car,
Could it be possible to live without money?
Why can’t man live without money in the world?
Long back I saw an African movie about this;
With increasing needs thoughts of money have increased
And man is left in the world to live only for money forever!
It is not possible to drink, eat and live without money here;
nothing comes free..here
everything is tagged
excepting life...strange
Because of money people wish on others harm or ill
And because of money people others do injure or kill
And because of money great friendships have come to an end
Cigarette addiction kills people
But it makes me lots of money
It ruins their health
Don't waste your money on me
I appreciate that you were thinking about me
But I think that you should save your money
Due to money good friendships have come to an end
For money can make an enemy out of a friend
And due to money many are serving prison time
Gran father money
Father money
Mother money
Outside the long window,
With his head on the stone sill,
The dog is lying,
Long have I lived this life. I have finally come
to the realization, that all the gold in the world,
is not worthy, of one once of love.
Financial steps led
Shoes thru the same greedy grease
Man's Blind bluffIf you have money problems your problems are not small
And that money speaks all languages that goes for one and all
But that money cannot buy happiness that seems so very true
He is sixty his hair dyed brown and she is a natural blond of nineteen
And strolling hand in hand along the beach road every evening they are seen
His grandchildren as old as she is it is so true what they say
Lord help me pay my bills, that's what I said yesterday
As my pen ran out of ink and my bank balance shrank
To nothing shy of the current most recent figures for poverty
One can liken love to money; If one
gives a bit to everyone they meet,
you will find many who do not return it.
Money
Is not money...
It is life....
Matter is more important than mind or heart
In this money world that rules all mankind!
Machine does more than what man can do
Had you a choice, would you choose a
mate for money or for what the person
represents?
Mind set
All to make money
Shut heart and soul
Money, get away
Get a good job with more pay and your O.K.
Money it's a gas
Money and me, we’re such a team
Money and me, inseparable we
Money and me, together we dream
Money can buy a house,
But not a home.
Money can buy a pen,
The rich and famous
can buy almost everything,
As long cash pours in.
Money can’t buy you class
Happiness or respect
Just remember that
My belly aches for precious food
my androgens are in the mood,
one foot already in the grave
Don't listen to a word they say,
Money can't really be that way,
To say money is evil surely can't be true,
Can money give you ample sleep at night?
Can money bring you satiety you want?
Can money soothe the heart and mind aggrieved?
When all birds else do of their music fail,
Money's the still-sweet-singing nightingale!Baby, you are soft and sleek,
Wearing cotton and linen dress,
Attiring security thread, so clear,
Professed striving, thriving in kitchen life
Woman of yesterday was a home maid
Call her not a homemaker or housewife
I do not believe in money
I believe not in money money funny
the misuse of money so ugly
We all crave and long for money;
the rich, the poor, the young
and old cry for money to keep and hold.
Years of toil sweat and struggle
Looking for gold in all that rubble,
Now Jock and I struck it rich
I know I have the answers
I’m sure I have the cure
Immaculate cars, pretty dancers
Money! money! money! “who”, needs money?
Yeah right, - ask me another question honey-
From day one, - money rules our lives.
Accounts
cause
amounts.
Holds fast to money
You can not do anything
Without money
But which came first?
Money or man?
Yes man!
money makes sense
sometimes we make sense with what makes sense
money money money
Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money
.Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money
..Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money
Money, Money, give me some more
And the thirst for money never ends
Money, Money, give me some more
You have money
You are hungry
You have money
Money money
Is going to get me a girl
Money money
Money is survival
Money is nice
to have
Money is a kind of poetry.
- Wallace Stevens
Money, the long green,
We walk down many avenues,
and along many streets,
unfortunately none are paved with gold.
Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money
.Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money
..Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money
In the Human World money speaks every language some say
And all things have a price on them 'twould seem that way
And though the reaper will one day claim the lives of you and I
money can be power
many people become inslave to the almighty dollar
it fuels an economy it ends an nation
Money can buy costumes but not beauty
Money can buy idols but not devotion
Money can buy books but not wisdom and knowledge
Money is the root of all evil,
Money was blessed by the devil,
Money, money can kill,
An introductory lecture
This morning we shall spend a few minutes
Upon the study of symbolism, which is basic
Money
Money
Money
Stolen by poverty
Let stolen by 'antipoverty'
Might of the mint is an effigy
Money hard earned
Money to burn
Money flowing freely
Money money money
Brighter than sunshine, sweeter than honey.
Money money money
Greed
Need
Lie
Money is precious money is power
Money is a devil cunning and evil
Source of war destruction of nations
When I had money, money, O!
I knew no joy till I went poor;
For many a false man as a friend
Money can buy costumes but not beauty
Money can buy idols but not devotion
Money can buy books but not wisdom and knowledge
Money Saved Is Money Earned
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
What is money?
Money talk's,
Money talk's,
You know it say's it all,
Money talks
Put it to work
Watch your world spin & rock
The village streets are dark and cold.
Most stay at home and watch T.V
Its not the place it used be
A paragraph from a book by - Washington Irving - The History of New York - about the fortunes of money, that I am presently reading. I hope it will share some wisdom.
' If we could get a peep at the tally of dame fortune, where, like a notable landlady, she regularly chalks up the debtor and creditor accounts of mankind, we should find that, upon the whole, good and evil are pretty nearly balanced in this world; and that though we may for a long while revel in the very lap pf prosperity, the time will at length come, when we must pay off the reckoning. Fortune, in fact, is a pestilent shrew, and withal a most inexorable creditor; for though she may indulge her favourites in long credits, and overwhelm them with her favours; yet sooner or later, she brings up her arrears, with the rigour of an experienced publican, and washes out her scores with their tears. 'SINCE', says good old Boetius in his consolations of philosophy, 'since no man can retain her at his pleasure, and since her flight is so deeply lamented, what are her favours but sure prognostications of approaching trouble and calamity.'
4/27/2009 POEWHIT
Ten years ago, in Tennessee
I grew myself a money tree.
The money came in all-green leaves
One day a man came to my house with a seed.
I decided to buy it because of my greed.
The man said it would grow into a money tree.
Money you can't take with you when you die
So before you die I hope you decide
To whom you are going to live your money to
No man such rare parts hath, that he can swim,
If favour or occasion help not him.no money to do anything with
its hard enough to get by
with out some riche kid walking by
These coins that jostle on my hand do own
No single image: each name here and date
Denoting in man's consciousness and state
peace..
love..
money..
A bad habit they form as a young girl or boy
To have power over others some people enjoy
With personal power some are not satisfied
It is a fact that human beings cannot live without money
People go to work everyday because of money
The more money we have the greater the influence
We see the super stars with all their
bling and fancy cars, with thier  hair
silky and long, most times not thier own
Money, we seek in life to fulfil needs;
Most labour hard to gain some extra wealth;
Some even go on to do evil deeds,
Money can get a person murdered but
It can’t ev’r bring back life that has once left;
Money can build a palace from a hut!
What's the formula for success in life?
Hard-work- this answer, everyone agrees;
How to avoid ensuing problems, strife?
Let money be thy servant, not Master;
So, put thy wealth in use for mankind's sake;
Let progress come for fellowmen, faster;
Where Pyramids and temple-wrecks are piled
Confusedly on camel-coloured sands,
And the mute Arab motionlessly stands,
The lust for power and money to corruption lead
And some cheat and lie to satisfy their greed
And big Corporations do not have a soul
I dreamed I grew a money tree
outside in my yard.
My job was to care for it
The story's told
Of long ago
About a statue
Exchange in greed the ungraceful signs. Thrust
The thick notes between green apple breasts.
Then the shadow of the devil descends,
Throughout our rambles much we find;
The bee trees burst with honey;
Wild birds we tame of every kind,
'Tis in the power of money real fame is to be found
And money is always involved where corruption abound
And corruption and human greed to each other live nearby
It seems as if he was thrown out of
The bar
He ran and knelt down on the side walk
I’m delighted by the velocity of money as it whistles through the windows
of Lower East Side
Delighted by skyscrapers rising the old grungy apartments falling on
WARS BRED MONEY AND RICHNESS AND POVERTY
ALSO BLOOD OF HUMANE BLOOD HIM SELF
SO HUMANITY SEARCH ABOUT GLORY
call it the greenhouse effect or whatever
but it just doesn't rain like it used to.
I particularly remember the rains of the
Some one else will own your property when you are dead and gone
The day you die the World won't stop life it will carry on
You've made it big, you've reached the top, you're plutocratic kind
Money we all know is a medium of exchange
Buyers and sellers relate to each other through money
The question here is – what is the value of money?
Wearing worry about money like a hair shirt
I lie down in my bed and wrestle with my angel.
My bank-manager could not sanction my continuance for another day
Seems everyone just hates to see me change
But my brain feels maimed with no ambition of fame
Just money and its funny all I want is that and my honey
Money Money Money
You're just a a thing in itself
But why is it your controlling me
Putting money in the bank
Feeding the pig
He eats it with joy
People think that money is everything.
Well news flash for them money is not everything! !
Yeah buys you food, cars, houses, toys, and clothes, but it can't buy true family, and real friends.
When i think of mOnEy
i think of rich people
When i think of mOnEy
long walk at night
the breeze freezes my spirit
the moon warms it up
Look at the moon
Shining so bright
Look at the sun
Written in July, in an arbour
Thou silver deity of secret night,
Direct my footsteps through the woodland shade;
There stood a Poplar, tall and straight;
The fair, round Moon, uprisen late,
Made the long shadow on the grass
Now as Heaven is my Lot, they're the Pests of the Nation!
Wherever they can come
With clankum and blankum
240
Ah, Moon—and Star!
You are very far—
Amongst the flowers I
am alone with my pot of wine
drinking by myself; then lifting
Long walks at night--
that's what good for the soul:
peeking into windows
translated by Will Kirkland
The moon came into the forge
in her bustle of flowering nard.
[Written to the Most Beautiful Woman in the World]
M< Sweetheart is the TRUTH BEYOND THE MOON,
And never have I been in love with Woman,
BLESSED be this place,
More blessed still this tower;
A bloody, arrogant power
Blossoming from the rock
A soul of a desperate lock
Becomes one with the blue moon
Yellow moon peeps at me
Behind the shadows of the night.
Rises slow among the leaves,
The child's wonder
At the old moon
Comes back nightly.
My tears are like the quiet drift
Of petals from some magic rose;
And all my grief flows from the rift
The dark moon is rising
No silver left to see
The crone has awakened
Face of the spring moon--
about twelve years old,
I'd say.
Moon are
swimming
clouds....
Art thou pale for weariness
Of climbing Heaven, and gazing on the earth,
Wandering companionless
PARNELL'S FUNERAL
UNDER the Great Comedian's tomb the crowd.
A bundle of tempestuous cloud is blown
It's said the moon has power over man -
It governs our body mechanisms,
Rising and falling biorhythms,
Above the tower -- a lone, twice-sized moon.
On the cold river passing night-filled homes,
It scatters restless gold across the waves.
When I was a boy I called the moon a
white plate of jade, sometimes it looked
like a great mirror hanging in the sky,
Harvest moon--
called at his house,
he was digging potatoes.
After dark
Near the South Dakota border,
The moon is out hunting, everywhere,
I watched the Moon around the House
Until upon a Pane --
She stopped -- a Traveller's privilege -- for Rest --
Mother, the moon I want as my toy.
I will roll on the floor,
Not come to your lap,
2 a.m.
December, and still no mon
rising from the river.
Listening to the moon,
gazing at the croaking of frogs
in a field of ripe rice.
LOOK down, fair moon, and bathe this scene;
Pour softly down night's nimbus floods, on faces ghastly, swollen,
purple;
You are the moon, dear love, and I the sea:
The tide of hope swells high within my breast,
And hides the rough dark rocks of life’s unrest
When the moon was full they came to the water.
some with pitchforks, some with rakes,
some with sieves and ladles,
Two past midnight
a very bright light awakened me.
Seeing this luminous light,
I
The Moon is like a ping-pong ball;
I lean against the orchard wall,
moon, moon, crazy moon
natural moon
torn apart and snoozing moon;
A bright moon rising above Tian Shan Mountain,
Lost in a vast ocean of clouds.
The long wind, across thousands upon thousands of miles,
Face of the skies
preside
over our wonder.
Mrs Moon
sitting up in the sky
little old lady
PALE GODDESS of the witching hour;
Blest Contemplation's placid friend;
Oft in my solitary bow'r,
Struggling, and faint, and fainter didst thou wane,
O Moon! and round thee all thy starry train
Came forth to help thee, with half-open eyes,
Once upon a time I heard
That the flying moon was a Phoenix bird;
Thus she sails through windy skies,
They sleep within. . . .
I cower to the earth, I waking, I only.
High and cold thou dreamest, O queen, high-dreaming and lonely.
Son of the moon
You are brilliant
You are bright
The moonlight breaks upon the city's domes,
And falls along cemented steel and stone,
Upon the grayness of a million homes,
The glitt'ring colours of the day are fled;
Come, melancholy orb! that dwell'st with night,
Come! and o'er earth thy wand'ring lustre shed,
Now every leaf, though colorless, burns bright
With disembodied and celestial light,
And drops without a movement or a sound
O Moon, bright Moon, in all thy glory bound
Thine aspect shall yet soothe the trembling heart
For as thy beauty gleams thus all around
Press'd by the Moon, mute arbitress of tides,
While the loud equinox its power combines,
The sea no more its swelling surge confines,
Whether the Turkish new moon minded be
To fill his horns this year on Christian coast;
How Poles' right king means, with leave of host,
With how sad steps, O Moon, thou climb'st the skies!
How silently, and with how wan a face!
What, may it be that even in heav'nly place
Tonight the moon dreams in a deeper languidness,
And, like a beauty on her cushions, lies at rest;
While drifting off to sleep, a tentative caress
Sun and Moon
Wishful lovers
Never touch
Full moon jags
Round this little town
Swinging low and deep
THE cat went here and there
And the moon spun round like a top,
And the nearest kin of the moon,
CRAZED through much child-bearing
The moon is staggering in the sky;
Moon-struck by the despairing
The man cut his throat and left his head there.
The others went to get it.
When they got there they put the head in a sack.
Slipping softly through the sky
Little horned, happy moon,
Can you hear me up so high?
The cruel Moon hangs out of reach
Up above the shadowy beech.
Her face is stupid, but her eye
The Hunter's Moon rides high,
High o'er the close-cropped plain;
Across the desert sky
I think the moon is very kind
To take such trouble just for me.
He came along with me from home
[How different people and different animals look upon the moon: showing that each creature finds in it his own mood and disposition]
The Old Horse in the City
The moon's a peck of corn. It lies
Whilst the moon decks herself in Neptune's glass
And ponders over her image in the sea,
Her cloudy locks smoothing from off her face
This fact is clear....Both man and woman
Prize not what's good, but what's uncommon ;
And most delighted still they are,
The Moon, how definite its orb!
Yet gaze again, and with a steady gaze--
'Tis there indeed,--but where is it not?--
He coveted her portrait.
He toiled as she grew gay.
She loved to see him labor
Sleep! Cast thy canopy
Over this sleeper's brain,
Dim grow his memory,
The sunset melts upon the Nile,
The stony desert glows,
Beneath heaven's universal smile,
Time wears her not; she doth his chariot guide;
Mortality below her orb is placed.
--Raleigh
I
AND, like a dying lady lean and pale,
Who totters forth, wrapp'd in a gauzy veil,
The moon has a face like the clock in the hall;
She shines on thieves on the garden wall,
On streets and fields and harbour quays,
THE stars about the lovely moon
Fade back and vanish very soon,
When, round and full, her silver face
Thy beauty haunts me heart and soul,
Oh, thou fair Moon, so close and bright;
Thy beauty makes me like the child
Beautiful Moon, with thy silvery light,
Thou seemest most charming to my sight;
As I gaze upon thee in the sky so high,
The moon tonight--
I even miss
her grumbling.
I sit here, an arch-villain of romance,
thinking about you. Gee, I'm sorry
I made you unhappy, but there was nothing
737
The Moon was but a Chin of Gold
A Night or two ago—
What have you got in your knapsack fair,
White moon, bright moon, pearling the air,
Spinning your bobbins and fabrics free,
The beautiful and slender young New Moon,
In trailing robes of pink and palest blue,
Swept close to Venus, and breathed low: 'A boon,
An old man cocked his car upon a bridge;
He and his friend, their faces to the South,
Had trod the uneven road.  Their hoots were soiled,
871
The Sun and Moon must make their haste—
The Stars express around
And like a dying lady, lean and pale,
Who totters forth, wrapped in a gauzy veil,
Out of her chamber, led by the insane
The young May moon is beaming, love.
The glow-worm's lamp is gleaming, love.
How sweet to rove,
THE moon shines in my body, but my blind eyes cannot see it:
The moon is within me, and so is the sun.
The unstruck drum of Eternity is sounded within me; but my deaf ears cannot hear it.
They lived enamoured of the lovely moon,
The dawn and twilight on their gentle lake.
Then Passion marvellously born did shake
Thief of the moon, thou robber of old delight,
Thy charms have stolen the star-gold, quenched the moon-
Cold, cold are the birds that, bubbling out of night,
With a jar of wine I sit by the flowering trees.
I drink alone, and where are my friends?
Ah, the moon above looks down on me;
Since the disorders in Henan and the famine in Guannei, my brothers and sisters have been scattered. Looking at the moon, I express my thoughts in this poem, which I send to my eldest brother at Fuliang, my seventh brother at Yuqian, My fifteen brother at Wujiang and my younger brothers and sisters at Fuli and Xiagui.
My heritage lost through disorder and famine,
My brothers and sisters flung eastward and westward,
With musing mind I watch thee steal
Above those envious clouds that hid
Till now thy face; thou dost reveal
Art thou pale for weariness
Of climbing heaven and gazing on the earth,
Wandering companionless
Hide this one night thy crescent, kindly Moon;
So shall Endymion faithful prove, and rest
Loving and unawakened on thy breast;
With how sad steps, O Moon, thou climb'st the skies!
How silently, and with how wan a face!
What! May it be that even in heavenly place
Under the harvest moon,
When the soft silver
Drips shimmering
Under the crescent moon's faint glow
The washerman's bat resounds afar,
And the autumn breeze sighs tenderly.
I HAVE no happiness in dreaming of Brycelinde,
Nor Avalon the grass-green hollow, nor Joyous Isle,
Where one found Lancelot crazed and hid him for a while;
Not the moon. A flower
on the other side of the water.
The water sweeps past in flood,
What counsel has the hooded moon
Put in thy heart, my shyly sweet,
Of Love in ancient plenilune,
Two statesmen met by moonlight.
Their ease was partly feigned.
They glanced about the prairie.
White in the moon the long road lies,
The moon stands blank above;
White in the moon the long road lies
With how sad steps, O Moon, thou climb'st the sky,
"How silently, and with how wan a face!"
Where art thou? Thou so often seen on high
504
You know that Portrait in the Moon—
So tell me who 'tis like—
In life’s ups and downs, good or bad
She’s always with me happy or sad
I will always long for my mother’s blessings
I'd known her all my life,
nursed her for seven years
night and day
Father and
Mother love too
Making Your's body...
From the first it had been like a
Ballad. It had the beat inevitable. It had the blood.
A wildness cut up, and tied in little bunches,
Now - our home is extremely lonesome
Since my son went away.
Although the sun is shining,
A mother is a child
She is younger than her children
That is why she learns from them
Theirs times that you’re not around.
Theirs times it seems like you don’t care.
Theirs times I don’t see or speak to you.
Is she not lovely!  Oh! when, long ago,
My own dead mother gazed upon my face,
As I stood blushing near in bridal snow,
A rose for my mother,
That's all she asks of me,
For a lifetime of trouble
At four years Nature is mountainous,
Mysterious, and submarine. Even
A city child knows this, hearing the subway's
A young mother waits lonely,
But with war it didn’t start.
It began with a with a duty,
Ah, woe is me, my mother dear!
A man of strife ye've born me:
For sair contention I maun bear;
Two knights surrounded by dinosaurs
are cornered in the kitchen--all threat and bluster.
Action figures always act
O mother-my-love, if you'll give me your hand,
And go where I ask you to wander,
I will lead you away to a beautiful land,-
The old woman sits on a bench before the door and quarrels
With her meagre pale demoralized daughter.
Once when I passed I found her alone, laughing in the sun
What will I write to her this year?
About the childhood I remember?
Wait for the poem to appear
In the first dawn she lifted from her bed
The holy silver of her noble head,
And listened, listened, listened for his tread.
She begins, and my grandmother joins her.
Mother and daughter sing like young girls.
If my father were alive, he would play
There's candy
Icecream
Chocalate
I do not think of you lying in the wet clay
Of a Monaghan graveyard; I see
You walking down a lane among the poplars
In Roman times, when swords were raised,
And peace on Earth was rare,
There lived a girl now highly praised,
You've been the greatest mother to me
Teaching me many things that others never see
And so I write to you this very day
This is the last of all, this is the last!
I must hold my hands, and turn my face to the fire,
I must watch my dead days fusing together in dross,
Mother, among the dustbins and the manure
I feel the measure of my humanity, an allure
As of the presence of God, I am sure
I SEE the sleeping babe, nestling the breast of its mother;
The sleeping mother and babe- hush'd, I study them long and long.One night a tiny dewdrop fell
Into the bosom of a rose,--
"Dear little one, I love thee well,
I.
Dead ! One of them shot by the sea in the east,
And one of them shot in the west by the sea.
(EGYPTIAN FOLK-SONG)
Grim is the face that looks into the night
Over the stretch of sands;
Sil.
O Cupid ! Monarch ouer Kings,
Wherefore hast thou feete and wings?
Among the daisies
sat the child,
looking so ever
Mother doesn't want a dog.
Mother says they smell,
And never sit when you say sit,
Mother Earth and Father Time are walking hand in hand.
They're visiting their children and checking on their land.
They view the worlds destruction everywhere they turn.
Mother of all the high-strung poets and singers departed,
Mother of all the grass that weaves over their graves the glory of the field,
Mother of all the manifold forms of life, deep-bosomed, patient, impassive,
MOTHER, I cannot mind my wheel;
My fingers ache, my lips are dry:
O, if you felt the pain I feel!
I never made a poem, dear friend-
I never sat me down, and said,
This cunning brain and patient hand
MOTHER
(mother' day 2020)
Love is the deepest universe,
There is but one Mother, My Mother;
So Pure, so Perfect, there could be no other.
I cannot bear the thought of ever losing you,
Often I marvel at Mother Nature
And its unique adventures
It has in stock for us
If I were hanged on the highest hill,
Mother o’ mine, O mother o’ mine!
I know whose love would follow me still,
महतारी ओ महतारी
अपने शिशु पर बलिहारी
बालक अपनी महतारी के
How do I tell you, from this daughter
Oh mother of mine, who couldn't have worked harder
To make my life, as best as could be
Mother! oh mother!
Where are your children?
Where have they been?
You were the center of our universe
The mother of us all
You gave to us your everything
Well, son, I'll tell you:
Life for me ain't been no crystal stair.
It's had tacks in it,
MOTHER, YOU ARE ONLY MOTHER
Mother, you are only mother,
because of you,
There’s something inside me at last
For a long time there was nothing
I gaze at the reflection of my baby’s mother in the mirror
She knew
all I was hoping for
was a little time with you all.
My mother is an alien.
This is true,
However what does this make me do,
My mother, my dear mother, oh!
You love me more than me!
Are such rhymes rather cheap today?
My Mother
She is restless in her sleep
her fingers are moving
I
Reg wished me to go with him to the field,
I paused because I did not want to go;
God made my mother on an April day,
From sorrow and the mist along the sea,
Lost birds' and wanderers' songs and ocean spray,
My mother was fortune, my father generosity and bounty; I
am joy, son of joy, son of joy, son of joy.
Behold, the Marquis of Glee has attainted felicity; this city and
My mother would be a falconress,
And I, her gay falcon treading her wrist,
would fly to bring back
A mother is a mother,
Always caring,
Always protecting,
When the morning sun rises in the sky
When the new day is born as beautiful
When the dew drops rolls down the leaves
Nature the gentlest mother is,
Impatient of no child,
The feeblest of the waywardest.
Nature, the gentlest mother,
Impatient of no child,
The feeblest or the waywardest,
Her hair is sleek, burnt black in a strange disarray
Her lips who knows what lurks there- kisses stollen from innocence lost
where unseen serpents glide
Let others speak of her shame,
I speak of my own.
O Germany, pale mother!
Old Mother Laidinwool had nigh twelve months been dead.
She heard the hops was doing well, an' so popped up her head
For said she: "The lads I've picked with when I was young and fair,
(Note: — Pocahontas is buried at Gravesend, England.)
"Pocahontas' body, lovely as a poplar, sweet as a red haw in November or a pawpaw in May — did she wonder? does she remember — in the dust — in the cool tombs?"
CARL SANDBURG.
PENSIVE, on her dead gazing, I heard the Mother of All,
Desperate, on the torn bodies, on the forms covering the battle-
fields gazing;
The things she knew, let her forget again-
The voices in the sky, the fear, the cold,
The gaping shepherds, and the queer old men
By that he ended had his ghostly sermon,
The fox was well induc'd to be a parson,
And of the priest eftsoons gan to inquire,
The answer to do you love me isn't, I married you, didn't I?
Or, Can't we discuss this after the ballgame is through?
It isn't, Well that all depends on what you mean by 'love'.
Someone's Mother trails the street
Wrapt in rotted rags;
Broken slippers on her feet
Most near, most dear, most loved, and most far,
Under the huge window where I often found her
Sitting as huge as Asia, seismic with laughter,
His mother dear Cupid offended late,
Because that Mars grown slacker in her love,
With pricking shot he did not throughly more
My mother loved her horses and
Her hounds of pedigree;
She did not kiss the baby hand
When my mother died I was very young,
And my father sold me while yet my tongue
Could scarcely cry 'Weep! weep! weep! weep!'
COMETH a voice:—‘My children, hear;
From the crowded street and the close-packed mart
I call you back with my message clear,
Cuddling in the arms her half-asphyxiated baby, howling,
she ran up the staircase of the apartment building that was set ablaze.
From the first floor to the second.
There was Rundle, Station Master,
An' Beazeley of the Rail,
An' 'Ackman, Commissariat,
When mid-autumn's moan shook the night-time,
And sedges were horny,
And summer's green wonderwork faltered
She is too kind, I think, for mortal things,
Too gentle for the gusty ways of earth;
God gave to her a shy and silver mirth,
THE threefold terror of love; a fallen flare
Through the hollow of an ear;
Wings beating about the room;
Abortions will not let you forget.
You remember the children you got that you did not get,
The damp small pulps with a little or with no hair,
Here I lean over you, small son, sleeping
Warm in my arms,
And I con to my heart all your dew-fresh charms,
IN the sorrow and the terror of the nations,
In a world shaken through by lamentations,
Shall I dare know happiness
Your children grow from you apart,
Afar and still afar;
And yet it should rejoice your heart
Children, I come back today
To tell you a story of the long dark way
That I had to climb, that I had to know
HIERUSALEM, my happy home,
When shall I come to thee?
When shall my sorrows have an end,
Sleep, sleep, my beloved,
without worry, without fear,
although my soul does not sleep,
ONE morning (raw it was and wet---
A foggy day in winter time)
A Woman on the road I met,
Heard you that shriek? It rose
So wildly on the air,
It seemed as if a burden'd heart
I RISE in the dawn, and I kneel and blow
Till the seed of the fire flicker and glow;
And then I must scrub and bake and sweep
Well I recall my Father's wife,
The day he brought her home.
His children looked for years of strife,
My little love, my darling,
You were a doorway to me;
You let me out of the confines
My daughter would turn 10 next month…
I find it hard to believe!
It seems only yesterday
Born in the famine struck Africa
Living at the age of five
You told me mother,
In the old Strauss waltz for the first time
We had listened to your quiet call,
Since then all the living things are alien
1
In this morning's dream, you lived
in an elegant, old high-rise
Because I feel that, in the Heavens above,
The angels, whispering to one another,
Can find, among their burning terms of love,
Most near, most dear, most loved and most far,
Under the window where I often found her
Sitting as huge as Asia, seismic with laughter,
You too, my mother, read my rhymes
For love of unforgotten times,
And you may chance to hear once more
A mother is the one who loves you
A mother puts no drug above you
A mother will never make you cry
In nineteen hundred twenty four,
Because our father died,
Our mother had to go to work,
Her baby was so full of glee,
And through the day
It laughed and babbled on her knee
~  Mother Dear, O Mother Dear
Mother dear, oh Mother dear, were you ever young?
How felt you on the day when love had just begun?
There is something bursting inside
That I want to tell you
I once committed murder at the age of three
Abortion……………...................I'll tell you a crime story that you've never heard,
But first you'll have to promise to not spread the word.
It started many years ago on the Massachusetts coast.
They should not have left him there alone,
Alone that is except for the cat.
He was only nine, not old enough
A body gone cold
dread, fear has now taken hold
one precious life, soldSt. Patrick's Church was sparsely filled
For Friday morning mass
The seniors getting restless-
I had been wondering off
In this dream by which I was bound
Until I was awoken
A wound is inflicted but still can’t be seen
This crime we daily commit and are often the scene
It is easy means to inflict and remain unseen
Pastor in the pulpit, the Sanctuary, supposedly holier than thou,
Preachers wife is gunned down in cold blood, Ka-boom, Ka-pow,
Reverend’s son, a prior relationship, shoots step mom in the head,
Rainer Maria Rilke gives good advice:
'... go into the depths in which your life takes rise
there you will find the answer to the question if you MUST create.'
She was walking down the narrow street
Shadows were passing by
Afraid of who she might meet
Where the grass is tall and green,
I mash it flat.
I watch her as she watches me,
I cry out in shame
As I watched my parents murder
I don’t think I’ll ever be the same
Five days later, Asifa's body was found.
After seeing her body:
"She had been tortured.
Mayra Lizbeth Rosales is accused murder but she is not court bound,
For she weighs a half ton in her body so round.
She is accused of killing her 2 year old nephew,
I don't care what you say
I don't care how much you deny it
You can't dance your wicked way around the truth anymore
Sharpton and Jackson..both Reverends
…Silent on the subject…but hounds
Posturing..politicizing…yet nary a word
With anticipation the drama
That unfolded
Turned and stared into
As for the innocence;
with which by you it' Is for long, it was so lost;
The by and meek each my possession do not do it again
Master artist, drawing cartoons,
Risky resistance for liberty of ideas,
For the highest freedom of expression.
Do you suppose we take it for granted?
Naive, simple in our faith;
that values are still considered
Pretty eyes wide
With a sweet innocent stare
Lips that whisper and pout
This is it,50th and C Streets
Damn school's crumbling down
Right down around our knees
The good Lords commandments have been cast to the side,
If you commit murder there's no need to hide,
We no longer heed the words of our God,
His name his Sukhendu, my tuition teacher of high school
Fair skinned and medium in height whose surname to mention here is
Unnecessary, he is extremely thin, seemed to me he was suffering
Abundance of fear
a murder of crows gather
scatter shadows bareI'll tell you what is wrong with me
I hope you will not weep
Happy dreams of marder are enchanting my nights sleep
anger is better
than pity
killing yourself
I MURDER hate by flood or field,
Tho' glory's name may screen us;
In wars at home I'll spend my blood—
We must all stay aware…..,
Of the Insane Culture Of Mass-Murder….,
It’s been increasing for years….,
When you take away a life
With the aid of a knife
It is murder
Poeple say god took you away
But it was life that took you on that horid day
I hear our song and think of your smile
I'll be your Romeo. You'll be my Juliet.
You'll be so beautiful, So charming.
Lying dead in my room.
Murder me
Murder with your love
murder me with you lies
Beware simple mortals
In man's stupidity
And devils trickery
Murder the great sin
That commits only by humans
For petty reasons, and quarrels
we have lived too long,
too well by murder and blindness!
what else can you call it?
I can see through your wet panties,
that whores like you wear on purpose.
Boobs full of milk and long fat hard on's.
The day is dying
Its bright blood smeared
On the azure blanket
The majority of Americans abhor conflict, especially war
Some carry placards and parade in protest
Some join militia groups
Well if you wanted honesty,
Thats all you had to say.
I never want to let you down,
I might as well teach myself something useful
And learn to love to hate you well
Then wait to kill you with broken hands
Murder - Cinquain
- - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Murder
Some say she's bitter,
some say she's sweet.
They know her by her shimmer,
He went to a public library that's quiet and free;
Arrested, he was, for  murder,  in the first degree;
Inside the library, there was a book to find,
It is a murder most foul
And most unkindest cut of all.
O love don’t slaughter me,
The Man spoke:
'It is in the murdering' he said
that I find the most puzzlement.
A man seeks revenge,
A widow cries,
A death to avenge,
Kill me,
Jump Me,
End my life like I care,
Murder me
Murder with your love
Murder me with you lies
Music some time
Murder about me...
At my dream
It was a mystery right from the first
A murder had occurred you understand
It happened right in the Bissell mansion
There's a murder crows following me.
What did they see, why did they pick me,
Do they see anguish, turmoil and torment,
For an attempt to begin such verse
I must abstain from any meter.
There has also been a murder of rhythm,
My husband loved me, pity the fool,
We met when I was young,
When I was eager to please,
A man stood in front of the judge
Stating his case, but they wouldn’t badge
He knew that he would never again be free
I’m not innocent.
I’ve never been innocent.
It was me.
Murder!
To crack the culprit down;
Death!
Murder, dreaded form of death
One's life taken in his better days
Unfortunate thing happening
Upon the threshold, red-eyed Murder stands,
Fresh from his slaughter-house of human meat,
Blood on his broken teeth and on his hands,
friendly and kind
was murdered in the
parkade of the suburban mall
My blood is boiling,
Centigrade, Fahrenheit,
It's all the same,
Scene playing in my Head
Every time Anger gets overfed
Screams inside making their way
Murder me
Murder with your love
Murder me with you lies
No one sleeps more beautifully than you.
But I am afraid
that you will waken just now,
Murder - RARe Stanza
- - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Dig,
I’ll follow her home like psychosis,
And penetrate her dreams.
Destroy my own heart with this love.
Violence is nobody's leaven.
Murder will not get you to Heaven.
Not even if a Mollah
She was a gentle elderly lady
Who was always helping everyone, not shady
She tended to the sick and gave to the poor
Murder In Meditation - Haiku
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
From meditation
Murder mystery.
At last the killer’s name is...
revealed: but hides now
*Author’s Note: It is not the intent to malign, nor denigrate the memory of the two
people who died tragically. Rather, the composition addresses brief periods of levity apparent during the course of the 1995 trial proceedings.
Extraordinary talent of such persuasion
Murder has for no time any verse
It has only curse and curse
Yet I have written a tercet for this hellish vice.
When the Lieutenant of the Guardia de Asalto
heard the automatic go off, he turned
and took the second shot just above
Cold rain soaks my skin
eyes are sharp as whetted knives
perfect lethal plot.I loved you
So i did something about it
I tore your shirt
SING A SONG OF SIXTH SENSE MAD OFF COURSE - MURDER GOOSE RHYMES
Sing sin's song of sixth sense, fink senators debating
unthinkingly of budget cuts, sink U.S. credit rating,
God makes the buds that blossom into flow’rs,
And flow’rs to form the seeds for newer plants;
God gives sun-light and bathes the roots with show’rs,
The man in the locker room told me of their murders
'It is beyond evil.' he said.
Dave Franks a great preacher and good chaplain
Ongoing the 21st century's free style massacre
The horrible morning has started there in Myanmar,
Satan is tormented by theses and has come down
You go to your house of worship to your God to pray
But that your Government execute people with you is okay
When you tell me that all bad people deserve to die
Brought up in a prejudice dysfunctional household.
Took away the heart that once lived within your soul
Fiery eyes of a demon, a  prejudice beast
On all the deer
All the tigers
In the jungle in Myanmar
The meanest of murder, axe nor machete,
Overwhelming greed the sole bleeding knife;
Cohorts of crime, manic men of market,
Step on it good and hard,
make sure it is dead.
Hope under heel,
Once there lived two friends,
human and humanity.
human was loving and caring,
It is true, that even in the best-run state
Such things will happen; it is true,
What’s done is done. The law, whereby we hate
The Perfect Murder…..,
On The Perfect Day……,
No one would find out……,
on top of
a hill is
a house lighted
Some reporters are being murdered
In Bangladesh recently
And most of the times
Because I have been robbed
And savagely beaten
Abandoned left to die
You're making a witless lout of yourself
Can't you see, in your mirror of vanity
She said this, an' that, and finally she
There was a wine
on the table,
There were people
Some Governments order the execution of drug runners after they have spent many years in jail
This is their idea of morality through justice but by their actions their ideas they do fail
Drug runners may not be good people but the death penalty for them or anyone unjustified
I believe in peace and have been persecuted
for a love of peace belief for enlightened years
by people brain washed into thinking war is
DON'T MURDER ME...................................It comes upon me, time and time again.
It's the grand finally my friend.
A Wicked poker game with all decadent men.
No empathy, no remorse, no recourse in my actions.
All I see is things in shades of black.
I was abandon as a child.
Imprisoned me to death
or a double-life unbailable sentence
I am pleading guilty
Words paint a fragile picture of the dusk.
I think them to a poet far away.
The light shines dim upon my windowpane.
'Twas at the royal feast for Persia won
By Philip's warlike son—
Aloft in awful state
Winter is icummen in,
Lhude sing Goddamm.
Raineth drop and staineth slop,
I'd like to spend
April, sitting on a hill,
With a mushroom for
As the music plays
my heart aches
it aches with pain
Blest pair of Sirens, pledges of Heav'n's joy,
Sphere-born harmonious Sisters, Voice and Verse,
Wed your divine sounds, and mixt power employ
AWAY with funeral music - set
The pipe to powerful lips -
The cup of life's for him that drinks
It's no go the merrygoround, it's no go the rickshaw,
All we want is a limousine and a ticket for the peepshow.
Their knickers are made of crepe-de-chine, their shoes are made of python,
When there is a song about love
then the music does become a soul of my heart
When I hug the melody of music
503
Better—than Music! For I—who heard it—
I was used—to the Birds—before—
The mother will not turn, who thinks she hears
Her nursling's speech first grow articulate;
But breathless with averted eyes elate
Some days I catch a rhythm, almost a song
in my own breath. I'm alone here
in Brooklyn Heights, late morning, the sky
I have a friend who still believes in heaven.
Not a stupid person, yet with all she knows, she literally talks to God.
She thinks someone listens in heaven.
Sweetest of sweets, I thank you: when displeasure
Did through my body wound my mind,
You took me thence, and in your house of pleasure
I hear the music of the heavenly angels
Coming softly through the blue sky from above
Blending with the music from on the mountain tops
I am not resigned to the shutting away of loving hearts in the hard ground.
So it is, and so it will be, for so it has been, time out of mind:
Into the darkness they go, the wise and the lovely. Crowned
I. Insomnia
The bulb at the front door burns and burns.
If it were a white rose it would tire of blooming
In the glad springtime when leaves were green,
O merrily the throstle sings!
I sought, amid the tangled sheen,
Has music gone from poetry?
Words and music, still agree?
Dance and rhythm, song and laughter,
I am in need of music that would flow
Over my fretful, feeling fingertips,
Over my bitter-tainted, trembling lips,
All sounds have been as music to my listening:
Pacific lamentations of slow bells,
The crunch of boots on blue snow rosy-glistening,
To know the impossible to be impossible
and yet to love the attempt;
to demonstrate that beauty is eternal, yet
In a smart burnoose, Khadour looked on, amused;
it suited him, to pick the choicest fruit
from market stalls, comparing each with all
THROUGH the soft evening air enwrinding all,
Rocks, woods, fort, cannon, pacing sentries, endless wilds,
In dulcet streams, in flutes' and cornets' notes,
Do you hear it
Its the pounding of your heart
The thump of your foot hitting the pavement
Play life's music sweetly, play life's music low
As demons once awaken come, in fast and low
Play life's music gently, let sleeping dragons lie
Oh you were so
quiet
I hardly heard you
Glory of architect, glory of painter, and sculptor, and bard,
Living forever in temple and picture and statue and song, --
Look how the world with the lights that they lit is illumined and starred,
Music is sweet, endearing symphony,
Melodious rendering of subtle notes of harmony,
Melody that captures the eager, expressive, exploring mind,
Have you heard of Music
That casts a spell,
Enveloping you in its melodious folds?
Music is a
Melting emotion,
Managing my mind,
WAS it light that spake from the darkness,
or music that shone from the word,
When the night was enkindled with sound
FOR some abiding central source of power,
Strong-smitten steady chords, ye seem to flow
And, flowing, carry virtue.  Far below,
Music I heard with you was more than music,
And bread I broke with you was more than bread;
Now that I am without you, all is desolate;
The house was empty and
the people of the house
gone many months
When Tom and I were married, we took a little flat;
I had a taste for singing and playing and all that.
And Tom, who loved to hear me, said he hoped
My heart starts to beat like  drum
My mind sings music of love
And words overflows from my lips
Music isn't just music, it's a way of life.
Music is more than life.
It's a work of art.
Listen to the music of love,
that seeps in from everywhere.
The rhythm of two hearts,
Music I love -­ but never strain
Could kindle raptures so divine,
So grief assuage, so conquer pain,
This shape without space,
This pattern without stuff,
This stream without dimension
Music is a door,
An escape to a different world.
A world you make and controll in your mind.
If I rest for a moment near The Equestrian
pausing for a liver sausage sandwich in the Mayflower Shoppe,
that angel seems to be leading the horse into Bergdorf's
I
PRELUDE
Daughter of Psyche, pledge of that last night
I can feel the music, it reaches out to me,
freeing itself from measured lines;
sometimes it vibrates in -depth chords,
Music touches you the most,
It refreshes you with its serenity.
Be it Do, Re, Me or Sa, Re, Ga, Ma,
Take me by the hand;
it's so easy for you, Angel,
for you are the road
My friend went to the piano; spun the stool
A little higher; left his pipe to cool;
Picked up a fat green volume from the chest;
When music sounds, gone is the earth I know,
And all her lovely things even lovelier grow;
Her flowers in vision flame, her forest trees
I have been urged by earnest violins
And drunk their mellow sorrows to the slake
Of all my sorrows and my thirsting sins.
Wait Mister. Which way is home?
They turned the light out
and the dark is moving in the corner.
It plays to my heartstrings...
It is the music to my ears-
...It is the tender love song of my life-
Once played to attentive faces
music has broken its frame
its bodice of always-weak laces
Music, when soft voices die,
Vibrates in the memory;
Odours, when sweet violets sicken,
Queen of every moving measure,
Sweetest source of purest pleasure,
Music; why thy powers employ
When through life unblest we rove,
Losing all that made life dear,
Should some notes we used to love,
Orphus 'twas playing
His most magical tune
While Greek soldiers
Limber-limbed, lazy god, stretched on the rock,
Where is sweet Echo, and where is your flock?
What are you making here? 'Listen,' said Pan, -
EXPERIENCE, like a pale musician, holds
A dulcimer of patience in his hand,
Whence harmonies, we cannot understand,
PROUD music of the storm!
Blast that careers so free, whistling across the prairies!
Strong hum of forest tree-tops! Wind of the mountains!
Amber frosted reeds
in the summer's wind
swaying, dancing,
I keep such music in my brain
No din this side of death can quell;
Glory exulting over pain,
Corazon sin preguntas.
Illusion's
veils
SINCE first I saw your face I resolved to honour and renown ye;
If now I be disdained I wish my heart had never known ye.
What? I that loved and you that liked, shall we begin to wrangle?
Sing -- sing -- Music was given
To brighten the gay, and kindle the loving;
Souls here, like planets in heaven,
The mellow touch of music most doth wound
The soul, when it doth rather sigh, than sound.O leave your hand where it lies cool
Upon the eyes whose lids are hot:
Its rosy shade is bountiful
How oft, when thou, my music, music play'st,
Upon that blessèd wood whose motion sounds
With thy sweet fingers when thou gently sway'st
Music to hear, why hear'st thou music sadly?
Sweets with sweets war not, joy delights in joy.
Why lov'st thou that which thou receiv'st not gladly,
But Music cures in ways akin to drugs;
Enchanting mind, delighting the hearer;
And lulls a child to sleep as mother hugs,
861
Split the Lark—and you'll find the Music—
Bulb after Bulb, in Silver rolled—
There's not a joy the world can give like that it takes away
When the glow of early thought declines in feeling's dull decay;
'Tis not on youth's smooth cheek the blush alone, which fades so fast,
O Music hast thou only heard
The laughing river, the singing bird,
The murmuring wind in the poplar-trees,--
How beautiful the sounds
Of music in your ears;
It makes you dance, & sing, & hear
THAT music always round me, unceasing, unbeginning--yet long untaught
I did not hear;
But now the chorus I hear, and am elated;
Silence is a great blue bell
Swinging and ringing, tinkling and singing,
In measure’s pleasure, and in the supple symmetry
A vase upon the mantelpiece,
A ship upon the sea,
A goat upon a mountain-top
I hear the music
The music is playing
The music is soft
The sound of music gives us so much emotions
and that plays a melody deep in our heart greatly
All the sound on the earth are like music
Other loves may sink and settle, other loves may loose and slack,
But I wander like a minstrel with a harp upon my back,
Though the harp be on my bosom, though I finger and I fret,
THERE is a Lady sweet and kind,
Was never face so pleased my mind;
I did but see her passing by,
If music and sweet poetry agree,
As they must needs (the sister and the brother),
Then must the love be great 'twixt thee and me,
Music, thou queen of heaven, care-charming spell,
That strik'st a stillness into hell;
Thou that tam'st tigers, and fierce storms, that rise,
Music: breathing of statues. Perhaps:
silence of paintings. You language where all language
ends. You time
Begin to charm, and as thou strok'st mine ears
With thine enchantment, melt me into tears.
Then let thy active hand scud o'er thy lyre,
Charms, that call down the moon from out her sphere,
On this sick youth work your enchantments here!
Bind up his senses with your numbers, so
Charm me asleep, and melt me so
With thy delicious numbers;
That being ravish'd, hence I go
Sister and mother and diviner love,
And of the sisterhood of the living dead
Most near, most clear, and of the clearest bloom,
The flower in the glass peanut bottle formerly in the
kitchen crooked to take a place in the light,
the closet door opened, because I used it before, it
Break off! Dance no more!
Danger is at the door.
Music is in arms.
An account of books 16-19 of the Iliad by Homer.
Down on your knees, Achilles.  Farther down.
Now forward on your hands and put your face into the dirt,
The words are a beautiful music.
The words bounce like in water.
Water music,
We are the music-makers,
And we are the dreamers of dreams,
Wandering by lone sea-breakers,
Music is freedom that relentlessly exists
Freedom of speech
Freedom of thought
I - CRAZY JANE AND THE BISHOP
BRING me to the blasted oak
That I, midnight upon the stroke,
The lies you
whisper so sweetly
into my ears
A trout-colored wind blows
through my eyes, through my fingers,
and I remember how the trout
Young laughters, and my music! Aye till now
The voice can reach no blending minors near;
'Tis the bird's trill because the spring is here
You sing
I will be the mountain and hold your voice deep inside
You feel
Look at my hair
Dancing in the air
Look at the trees
It's said that every species in the world
displays one gift beyond the scope of Man.
How dangerous the skies - for men, and birds -
A busker on a unicycle
Dances with the birds
As teaming hordes of grey brained apes
The sun smiles,
forcefully examining the bitterness of the leaves
that have become
I've found a friend in nature
although nature could turn on me
if i'm out and about in a storm
A comet came with a large metal core
Racing ‘cross the heavens toward the sun it tore
It started to shed its frozen surface
When first the crocus thrusts its point of gold
Up through the still snow-drifted garden mould,
And folded green things in dim woods unclose
A walk in Nature never boring in Nature great beauty to see
The wild birds are chirping and singing on fence wire and bush and on tree
Away from the street and the traffic from human made pollution and noise
As the molecules expand in the warm air
The sap cells flow upward without a care
From the tighter root cells of the cold thawing ground
All nature has a feeling: woods, fields, brooks
Are life eternal: and in silence they
Speak happiness beyond the reach of books;
Captured in the Psalms are the most eloquent Praises
And to read and ponder them affords one great graces.
The Lord's is the earth, and the sea, and the sky;
The brilliant colors of the night
The soft spoken morning glow
My world can be so perfect
I have loved colours, and not flowers;
Their motion, not the swallows wings;
And wasted more than half my hours
When I behold a forest spread
With silken trees upon thy head;
And when I see that other dress
Brillance
captures the aura of
natures picturesque horizon
Theres a poem in every flower,
a sonnet in every tree,
a tale in every lifetime
it'll be you and me
up in the tree
and the forest will give us the answers
A simple tiny bud
Grows to maturity, blooms
Fragrance grace garden
First, then, I say, the mind which oft we call
The intellect, wherein is seated life's
Counsel and regimen, is part no less
Calm is all nature as a resting wheel.
The kine are couched upon the dewy grass;
The horse alone, seen dimly as I pass,
The falling of snowflakes coming down
Making a blanket of white on the ground.
Autumn with red and gold-leaves,
The age dawns, the weather fair
Nature warms, without a care
To the North, the winter's cold
When the beautiful morning comes
The rays of rising sun kiss her
When the garden of nature open its heart
I have enchanted all of Nature
And forged each moment's quality.
And what a horrifying freedom
I love time out with Nature and I love peace and quiet
To walk along the gravel path in the evening sunlight
When the wild birds are singing and Spring is in her prime
Have you ever seen the offspring of a cross between a sheep and goat
Of the parents in the young one you can see a bit of both
With the physical appearance of a goat and sheep strange as that may appear
Let us go gentle with the nature
It has given us many
Blessings to be proud of
As I walked along the path
Crushing grass under with wrath
That wanted to whisper sounds
How Nature creates life thats dear with ease?
How Nature sifts, selects, protects the best?
Yet, man creates, sometimes with new disease;
It is no vulgar nature I have wived.
Secretive, sensitive, she takes a wound
Deep to her soul, as if the sense had swooned,
You claim my birth.
Why do I call you mother?
when your earthquakes rumble and shake the earth
Often I marvel at Mother Nature
And its unique adventures
It has in stock for us
I could sleep with him a million times
and he'd still be a volatile son-of-a-bitch.
His parents don't know what he never saw in her:
She knew
all I was hoping for
was a little time with you all.
I feel that I have heard enough of talk of World strife
And what I need is joy and love and peace back in my life
And I must refrain from listening to the radio news and watching T.V.
Return, dear friend!
Please return home to Nature!
Feel the fresh mud under your feet,
Open your eyes to the mysteries of nature,
Open your mind to the marvels of plants and animals!
They thrive everywhere!
835
Nature and God—I neither knew
Yet Both so well knew me
Sun glows at
The break of dawn.
Trees with outstretched hands
Nature Baby as free as a bird
Nature Baby not speaking a word
Nature Baby living day by day
This bogey is a fing
What lives up in your nose
And how they comes to get there
Disasters aplenty, run-rampant today
Why? You may ask with look of dismay
What causes natural disasters you naively inquire
Either tortoises live long lives because they don’t hurry
or they don’t hurry because they live long lives."Nature" is what we see—
The Hill—the Afternoon—
Squirrel—Eclipse—the Bumble bee—
nature is what we dont see
for instance the essence that pushes words out
for this poem fated for posterity
When the morning sun rises in the sky
When the new day is born as beautiful
When the dew drops rolls down the leaves
Close your eyes and you can see
the way the world's suppose to be
Sunrise on a clear blue sky
I always thought,
What is there in the nature?
Why everyone wants to be in the nature’s lap?
Full of rebellion, I would die,
Or fight, or travel, or deny
That thou has aught to do with me.
As a fond mother, when the day is o'er,
Leads by the hand her little child to bed,
Half willing, half reluctant to be led,
The bubbling brook doth leap when I come by,
Because my feet find measure with its call;
The birds know when the friend they love is nigh,
The trees were angels this morning,
seeming to bend their variegated boughs
to bestow benediction upon my weary brow
Nature is beautiful
Nature is enticing
Nature is fun and exciting
Creamy pink flowers blossoming off orchard trees,
Sweet smelling flowers with pollen to attract bees.
Everyday a new green leaf from a tree grows,
human nature, mother nature,
enough of your torture.
safely nature, easy nature,
Nature is beautiful
nature is fun
love it or hate it
Man thought he was civilizing,
When he was getting away from nature,
But nature has its way to remind,
The sounds of nature tells us many things.
The sounds of nature are our teachers.
The sounds of nature are so soothing
NATURE
Nature is the beautiful one
nature is for everyone’s fun
Nature rarer uses yellow
Than another hue;
Saves she all of that for sunsets,--
(for Rona, Jeremy, Sam & Grace)
All the lizards are asleep--
perched pagodas with tiny triangular tiles,
Nature, that washed her hands in milk,
And had forgot to dry them,
Instead of earth took snow and silk,
Nature the gentlest mother is,
Impatient of no child,
The feeblest of the waywardest.
Nature, the gentlest mother,
Impatient of no child,
The feeblest or the waywardest,
At the bottom of my garden
There's a hedgehog and a frog
And a lot of creepy-crawlies
314
Nature—sometimes sears a Sapling—
Sometimes—scalps a Tree—
From God he's a backslider,
Of ways he loves the wider;
With wickedness a sider,
Oh, how silent is the nature,
It only looks and only hears,
The people's spirit in a rapture
'O DREARY life,' we cry, ' O dreary life ! '
And still the generations of the birds
Sing through our sighing, and the flocks and herds
Traveling through space
Wandering atom attracted
Varied acceleration race
Mine are the night and morning,
The pits of air, the gulf of space,
The sportive sun, the gibbous moon,
Why challenge Mother Nature, man, in vain?
Accept her superiority and pow’r;
One can’t traverse with equal speed each lane;
When Nature made her chief work, Stella's eyes,
In color black why wrapp'd she beams so bright?
Would she in beamy black, like painter wise,
In nature apt to like when I did see
Beauties, which were of many carats fine,
My boiling sprites did thither soon incline,
O why should Nature niggardly restrain
That foreign nations relish not our tongue?
Else should my lines glide on the waves of Rhene
The Great Red Giant could no longer bear
The forces of fission held within its care
Collected fuels over such a great time
When the sky cries for the sadness of the world:
Birds sing happily,
Flowers dance beautifully,
All, thou gentle one, lies embraced in thy kingdom; the graybeard
Back to the days of his youth, childish and child-like, returns.Ye green-rob'd Dryads, oft' at dusky Eve
By wondering Shepherds seen, to Forests brown,
To unfrequented Meads, and pathless Wilds,
Is this a time to be cloudy and sad,
When our mother Nature laughs around;
When even the deep blue heavens look glad,
The golden gift that Nature did thee give
To fasten friends and feed them at thy will
With form and favour, taught me to believe
I.
MAN, being the servant and interpreter of Nature, can do and understand so much and so much only as he has observed in fact or in thought of the course of nature: beyond this he neither knows anything nor can do anything.
II.
The bird born in an aviary and raised in captivity
Can never live in Nature's World amongst the wild and free
Even the birds of it's own species will peck it till it die
How many times we say or do
Something that we thought was true
And then it made us sad;
(I) PROMETHEUS 1-
IT was the south : mid-everything,
-
(an Incident of Froom Valley)
"THY husband--poor, poor Heart!--is dead--
Dead, out by Moreford Rise;
The Sounds Of Nature
O, tis so sweet.
Who am I
The  whispers of the trees.
The ripples of the oceans.
The clapping of thunder.
The harp at Nature's advent strung
Has never ceased to play;
The song the stars of morning sung
It may indeed be fantasy when I
Essay to draw from all created things
Deep, heartfelt, inward joy that closely clings;
SHOW thee as I thought thee
When I early sought thee,
Omen-scouting,
Around the hub, the galaxies turn
Pinwheels scrubbed, in magnetic urn
Gravity attracts, while motion glides
When the early morning is born with heavenly blessed
When the bright sun rays shower through the misty clouds
When the birds choir being to chirp their songs on the trees
What being in rank-old nature should earlier have that breath been
That hére pérsonal tells off these heart-song powerful peals?—
A bush-browed, beetle-brówed bíllow is it?
Autumn leaves that turn to gold
Flowers that are bright and bold
Tremble in the cooling wind
From father to son
The mark of identity
The Y chromosome
Your relationship with Nature speaks volumes about you
Do you only see Nature as a means to financial gain or are you one of those who
Love Nature for her beauty and love her wildlife and her trees
The wind is trying to tell me something
Just softly murmuring and whispering
Gently touching my skin and  making me tingle
Dark smouldering eyes
Shiver ran up my spine
Seething anger inside
At a hermitage:
A cool fall night--
getting dinner, we peeled
471
A Night—there lay the Days between—
The Day that was Before—
------The sky is overcast
With a continuous cloud of texture close,
Heavy and wan, all whitened by the Moon,
Open the window, and let the air
Freshly blow upon face and hair,
And fill the room, as it fills the night,
Lo! where the Moon along the sky
Sails with her happy destiny;
Oft is she hid from mortal eye
There!  See the line of lights,
A chain of stars down either side the street --
Why can't you lift the chain and give it to me,
The sun has set and the shadows fled
The feathered flocks, flown to their nest
Weary men after the day's toil and care
April, and the last of the plum blossoms
scatters on the black grass
before dawn. The sycamore, the lime,
When biting Boreas, fell and doure,
Sharp shivers thro' the leafless bow'r;
When Phoebus gies a short-liv'd glow'r,
My window-pane is starred with frost,
The world is bitter cold to-night,
The moon is cruel, and the wind
I have been one acquainted with the night.
I have walked out in rain -  and back in rain.
I have outwalked the furthest city light.
"I have been one acquainted with the night" - Robert Frost
Rode in the train all night, in the sick light. A bird
Flew parallel with a singular will. In daydream's moods and
Epilogue to 'A Vision'
MIDNIGHT has come, and the great Christ Church Bell
And may a lesser bell sound through the room;
All out of doors looked darkly in at him
Through the thin frost, almost in separate stars,
That gathers on the pane in empty rooms.
In my Spanish cloak,
And old slouch hat,
And overshoes of felt,
Look, the eucalyptus, the Atlas pine,
the yellowing ash, all the trees
are gone, and I was older than
AS one who having wandered all night long
In a perplexed forest, comes at length
In the first hours, about the matin song,
960
As plan for Noon and plan for Night
So differ Life and Death
At night Chinamen jump
on Asia with a thump
while in our willful way
At night, when the sea cradles me
And the pale star gleam
Lies down on its broad waves,
We are apart; the city grows quiet between us,
She hushes herself, for midnight makes heavy her eyes,
The tangle of traffic is ended, the cars are empty,
At the mid hour of night, when stars are weeping, I fly
To the lone vale we loved, when life shone warm in thine eye;
And I think oft, if spirits can steal from the regions of air,
Awake at night--
the sound of the water jar
cracking in the cold.
drunk on the dark streets of some city,
it's night, you're lost, where's your
room?
.      By night when others soundly slept
And hath at once both ease and Rest,
My waking eyes were open kept
Cold night: the wild duck,
sick, falls from the sky
and sleeps awhile.
Inscribed to Robert Aiken, Esq.
Let not Ambition mock their useful toil,
Their homely joys and destiny obscure;
Through my heart's palace Thoughts unnumbered throng;
And there, most quiet and, as a child, most wise,
High-throned you sit, and gracious.  All day long
The cold slope is standing in darkness
But the south of the trees is dry to the touch
The heavy limbs climb into the moonlight bearing feathers
Deep in the night the cry of a swallow,
Under the stars he flew,
Keen as pain was his call to follow
Do not go gentle into that good night,
Old age should burn and rave at close of day;
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.
158
Dying! Dying in the night!
Won't somebody bring the light
Above us, stars.  Beneath us, constellations.
Five billion miles away, a galaxy dies
like a snowflake falling on water.  Below us,
Pigeons shake their wings on the copper church roof
out my window across the street, a bird perched on the cross
surveys the city's blue-grey clouds. Larry Rivers
Apple-green west and an orange bar,
And the crystal eye of a lone, one star . . .
And, "Child, take the shears and cut what you will,
Many ways to say good night.
Fireworks at a pier on the Fourth of July
spell it with red wheels and yellow spokes.
Good-night? ah! no; the hour is ill
Which severs those it should unite;
Let us remain together still,
What if this present were the world's last night?
Mark in my heart, O soul, where thou dost dwell,
The picture of Christ crucified, and tell
I heard the trailing garments of the Night
Sweep through her marble halls!
I saw her sable skirts all fringed with light
Longing for Death
Into the bosom of the earth,
Out of the Light's dominion,
I longed for companionship rather,
But my companions I always wished farther.
And now in the desolate night
In the secular night you wander around
alone in your house. It's two-thirty.
Everyone has deserted you,
Last night as I was sleeping,
I dreamt—marvelous error!—
that a spring was breaking
Last night I dreamed of chickens,
there were chickens everywhere,
they were standing on my stomach,
Last night I drove a car
not knowing how to drive
not owning a car
You brothers, who are mine,
Poor people, near and far,
Longing for every star,
Last night in the garden I offered you my youth's foaming wine. You
lifted the cup to your lips, you shut your eyes and smiled while
I raised your veil, unbound your tresses, drawing down upon my
I.
The grey sea and the long black land;
And the yellow half-moon large and low;
Why should such gloomy silence reign;
And why is all the house so drear,
When neither danger, sickness, pain,
i
My spectre around me night and day
Like a wild beast guards my way;
Night funeral
In Harlem:
Where did they get
Night is my sister, and how deep in love,
How drowned in love and weedily washed ashore,
There to be fretted by the drag and shove
Now as the train bears west,
Its rhythm rocks the earth,
And from my Pullman berth
Night-night moon
Night-night stars
Night-night noisy
Night. O you whose countenance, dissolved
in deepness, hovers above my face.
You who are the heaviest counterweight
Gaunt in gloom,
The pale stars their torches,
Enshrouded, wave.
There is nothing to be afraid of,
it is only the wind
changing to the east, it is only
SWIFTLY walk o'er the western wave,
Spirit of Night!
Out of the misty eastern cave,--
The sun descending in the west,
The evening star does shine;
The birds are silent in their nest,
Why didn’t she respond to call?
Was she really facing the wall?
Wanted to move out and roll the ball?
This night, agitated by the growing storm,
how it has suddenly expanded its dimensions--,
that ordinarily would have gone unnoticed,
after Juan Ramon
A child wakens in a cold apartment.
The windows are frosted. Outside he hears
OF him I love day and night, I dream'd I heard he was dead;
And I dream'd I went where they had buried him I love--but he was not
in that place;
Oft, in the stilly night,
Ere slumber's chain has bound me,
Fond memory brings the light
ON the beach at night alone,
As the old mother sways her to and fro, singing her husky song,
As I watch the bright stars shining--I think a thought of the clef of
ON the beach, at night,
Stands a child, with her father,
Watching the east, the autumn sky.
A night that cuts between you and you
and you and you and you
and me : jostles us apart, a man elbowing
1
I move my hand over
slopes, falls, lumps of sight,
Chatter of birds two by two raises a night song joining a litany of running water--sheer waters
showing the russet of old stones remembering many rains.
And the long willows drowse on the shoulders of the running water, and sleep from much music;
Before my bed
there is bright moonlight
So that it seems
Ghosts of all my lovely sins,
Who attend too well my pillow,
Gay the wanton rain begins;
Out in the sky the great dark clouds are massing;
I look far out into the pregnant night,
Where I can hear the solemn booming gun
Silent, silent night,
Quench the holy light
Of thy torches bright;
The night-flood rakes upon the stony shore;
Along the rugged cliffs and chalky caves
Mourns the hoarse Ocean, seeming to deplore
My hand, a little raised, might press a star-
Where I may look, the frosted peaks are spun,
So shaped before Olympus was begun,
The park is filled with night and fog,
The veils are drawn about the world,
The drowsy lights along the paths
In the wild soft summer darkness
How many and many a night we two together
Sat in the park and watched the Hudson
415
Sunset at Night—is natural—
But Sunset on the Dawn
SHE lived in storm and strife,
Her soul had such desire
For what proud death may bring
The moon rises. The red cubs rolling
In the ferns by the rotten oak
Stare over a marsh and a meadow
For those that never know the light,
The darkness is a sullen thing;
And they, the Children of the Night,
It is cold. The white moon
is up among her scattered stars--
like the bare thighs of
The common rain had come again
Slanting and colorless, pale and anonymous,
Fainting falling in the first evening
I wake up cold, I who
Prospered through dreams of heat
Wake to their residue,
No engines shrieking rescue storm the night,
And hose and hydrant cannot here avail;
The flames laugh high and fling their challenging light,
Some of us believe
We would have conceived romantic
Love out of our own passions
the night I was going to die
I was sweating on the bed
and I could hear the crickets
Ancient night and the unruly salt
beat at the walls of my house.
The shadow is all one, the sky
The night is darkening round me,
The wild winds coldly blow ;
But a tyrant spell has bound me,
My voice that is for you the languid one, and gentle,
Disturbs the velvet of the dark night's mantle,
By my bedside, a candle, my sad guard,
Most Holy Night, that still dost keep
The keys of all the doors of sleep,
To me when my tired eyelids close
Look at the stars! look, look up at the skies!
O look at all the fire-folk sitting in the air!
The bright boroughs, the circle-citadels there!
Lo, it is dark,
Save for the crystal spark
Of a virgin star o'er the purpling lea,
The binocular owl,
fastened to a limb
like a lantern
In this evil year, autumn comes early...
I walk by night in the field, alone, the rain clatters,
The wind on my hat...And you? And you, my friend?
Athwart the bed
I watch the moonbeams cast a trail
So bright, so cold, so frail,
Swiftly walk o'er the western wave,
Spirit of Night!
Out of the misty eastern cave,
To slip into your shadow under cover of night.
To follow your footsteps, your shadow at the window.
That shadow at the window is you and no one else;
PRELUDE.
Pleasant it was, when woods were green,
And winds were soft and low,
It snowed and snowed ,the whole world over,
Snow swept the world from end to end.
A candle burned on the table;
I am a net and I have to obey what Master says.
I also like to get a rest as the others
But he throws me into the water day & night for a big catch.
Can’t wait ‘till I’m gone, can rest in peace
Live forever without the stress and grief
Can’t push my feelings aside, I’ve died inside
A sailor return to an ocean
And always live in our memories
It was a true pleasure
I was stubborn by nature and addicted to perfect lines,
fought to the death to find words that startle.
Now in old age my poems flow out freely, the way
traveled through the lost
showered in the mist
purple skies blue
Even though we live,
an ocean apart,
somehow gradually,
Her right hand
lingers among my poems
collecting words
A vista touched by the hand of nature unsurpassed on Earth.
Now my imagination with my words take you to see it‘s worth.
Out into the horizon your eyes will see glorious Waves peaks.
Have you ever sailed on vast ocean,
With no island to see, and things are out of reach?
With dreams and mysteries filled this ocean,
An ocean of unseen tears
Pulsing through my veins,
Taking the rightful place of my boiling blood,
Flourishing on
Natural contours of land,
Variegating with rainbows,
1
As I ebb'd with the ocean of life,
As I wended the shores I know,
As is the globe embraced by ocean, so
Embraced is earthly life by dreams and fancies.
Night comes unsought, and at the shore's defences
At the bottom of the ocean
You will find the coral rief
And the divers
What lies beneath the ocean blue,
In depths of mariner's legends?
Where creatures hide in crevices,
How vast is the ocean?
I know it is in wide scope
How dangerous this ocean?
Oh how your eyes prove this life is worth living.
I swear there was a glimpse of the promise land
while I got lost in your gaze. It's a blue that reminds
The bubbles of the ocean are
very special to me
because the feeling of
Craig! Craig! my Love irradiant and divine!
Here on the solitary sands I lie
And see afar the lingering sunset die,
I’m not the person who walks with you through autumn leaves
In the old park near the school where children play in innocent reverie;
I’m not the man mingling souls with the lady of all his dreams,
Put your hand in ocean
And pour all the water in thy palm
Then can you find my love’s limit
Move aside, Keokra-Dong
Get out of my sight, Tazing-Dong
Let me see the sky-kissing Himalaya.
Had ocean been my confidant
I'd have given it
All of my truths for safekeeping
I am like the breeze on the ocean waves
Drinking from the breasts of the afar deep
Flowers from the glistening morning weep
Inky gear with million accessories
The - Wisps of clouds
Charismatic Moon
You  Time
don't try to hibernate
near my sand shores,
Beaming a Beatle tune, Across the Universe, is a fanciful idea,
It will take 431 years, at the speed of light, to reach the star of the north,
Permission was given by all those involved to NASA,
The continent's a tamed ox, with all its mountains,
Powerful and servile; here is for plowland, here is
for park and playground, this helpless
So the waves move.
We all find our groove.
Some with the silver spoon.
Mother, ocean of generous love,
Treasure of gentle passion and melody
of one tranquil confluence.
Broad sweep of branches, how they dip and swirl.
Contrasting trees, in unison they whirl.
Waves passing through these naked stalwart boughs,
I.
Sweet rural scene!
Of flocks and green!
She went to water;
she always did.
The heaving ocean
Calm cool waves my soul to sea
softy how they cling to me.
Afterthoughts gradually drifiting
As I Stare out into the Sea,
I can feel the soft oceans breeze
the warmth from the sun
Like the Ocean kissed The Sky
At the most beautiful place under the sun,
For true love is so hard to find
Your voice is like gentle whispers of the wind
Gently blowing in my ears.
The sun of your smile kisses my skin
I dive down into the depth of the ocean of forms,
hoping to gain the perfect pearl of the formless.
No more sailing from harbor to harbor with this my weather-beaten boat.
Orange slice
inside
my mouth
Ocean Of Man's Heart
The ocean of man's heart is deep
every now and then it will leak.
When one day missing you becomes unbearable
I will seek you out from deep within the ocean of my memories
Walk on the sands of time till it lead me to your sunkissed shores
Ocean of poems
I walk along your shore
with a paintbrush and canvas
As I drift through space alone,
I hear a man yell over the radio,
“It'll be ok! ”
An ocean of treasures nurtures
no greed or anger or any such
feelings for the sting rays of
Ocean, when I walk near you
I do not wear a shield or
arms to guard me
Ocean I do not want
to fight a battle on
your mighty realm,
Ocean Ocean,
You look so blue,
I can see a creture in you,
While sailing across the wide Indian Ocean,
My stomach queasy, from the rolling motion.
I took a stroll along the upper deck,
The ocean flows, loves flows but sometimes the wind ends the flow.Liquid dusk looking back through me
reflecting back the starlight that catches itself
tangling in droplets of water that freckle your skin
A depth of fantoms
Unknown
With life unable to be
inhaling the ocean breeze and feeling it empty my lungs makes me feel completely intact
i can taste the salt in its entirety on my tongue and i try to scrape it all off with my front teeth
i feel the waves roaring over my heart, liberating it from veins and its arteries, the sea filling the orifices of my organs
Wave after wave,
Each wave
a beat
Built from great constellations and long forgotten rivers
I give you my restless poems without regret.
Yes it’s true that I’ve been on the move lately
The hot noon sun rises up,
And the dry leaves of the season drop,
Cigarette smoke and the smell of tobacco rise,
So...why are my feet dry?
Why ask what I want to see,
Then click the remote on
OUT of the rolling ocean, the crowd, came a drop gently to me,
Whispering, I love you, before long I die,
I have travel'd a long way, merely to look on you, to touch you,
i wish i could swim the pacific ocean and back.
and when i came back to sit in front of a burning burning fire
until it dried me to the bone.
The
Pearl of the ocean
That
At Sunset,
I Watch
The Great Green Serpent
Enticing the freedom of the creviced earth
a young woman was fleeing the very
confines of her creature,
Ships are homing in for winter harbor
Now the sun is past its evening glow
Far in northern reaches where there's naught
The daylight is young from the ocean deep
Where earth things come alive in the sunrise,
When the blue from yonder opens and sigh
Unto the boundless Ocean of thy beauty
Runs this poor river, charg'd with streams of zeal:
Returning thee the tribute of my duty,
Shall I rebuke thee, Ocean, my old love,
That once, in rage, with the wild winds at strife,
Thou darest menace my unit of a life,
Life is like vast ocean,
Full of sorrow and pain,
Joy less and worry main,
Stole a starfish
from an ocean
snatched from the bottom
We saw the
Deep Ocean
For the first time
The iris
dances
unafraid
It's a beautiful the mistic ocean.
I‘m intoxicating because a unknown mystery.
The Ocean feel as my inside world and
The waves caress my feet
The sun beams down upon me
And the birds sound ever so sweet
I know it to be true
That the ocean sea is blue
I know it to be true
They went down to the sea in ships,
In ships they went down to the sea.
In boats hewn of oak-tree strips,
You make me want to sail in the ocean of your eyes.
The winds will carry me, I know not where,
To harbors unknown, and I fully realize
The
Ocean
Is
Hearing the sound of the ocean roar
The sun shinning on the sea shimmering
Watching the segul's soar
... Oceanward I am ever yearning,
Where far it rolls in its calm and grandeur,
The weight of mountain-like fogbanks bearing,
They that go down to the sea in ships, that do business in great waters, these see the works of the Lord, and his wonders in the deep.
~ Psalm cvii. 23, 24.
HE that in venturous barks hath been
Sitting by the water
On the docks
Watching the fish
Upon the crest of a wave I see
hidden memories held within.
New ones created, from every bough
The ocean said to me once,
"Look!
Yonder on the shore
To the solemn sea the old women come
With their shawls knotted around their necks
With their fragile feet cracking.
Unhappy about some far off things
That are not my affair, wandering
Along the coast and up the lean ridges,
Oh, Ocean!  You mighty Ocean!
Why you've so much of passion,
For this globe, you hug, so tight,
Ocean, if you were to give, a measure, a ferment, a fruit
of your gifts and destructions, into my hand,
I would choose your far-off repose, your contour of steel,
Where are the hapless shipmen?--disappeared,
Gone down, where witness none, save Night, hath been,
Ye deep, deep waves, of kneeling mothers feared,
It's thou dawning horizon
That dots the first sindhur
Lambent on earth's crinion
Waves of life lap an eternal beach
each one taking on its form
from moon and stars and sun
When the sun sets over the ocean
when the moon begins to rest
she sits at the ocean’s beach
The great white waves of the Pacific how loudly they do roar
And crash against the volcanic rocks that guard the ocean shore
The silver gulls above the beach are calling as they fly
Wings over the ocean
Footprints in the sand.
Quiet voices in the softest breeze
Your eyes are like a ocean,
Your hiar is the waves that lift the ocean,
Your heart is the core of the animal ocean that feels it up with love for the lovely ocean
Swimming away
swimming away
swimming away yeah
Far away on the ocean dreams,
I sailed on my memories' boat
camouflaged by the misty past
I'm turbulent
My waves surge to reach out
To the roof of my mind
Giving or not giving voice to the heretical words...
Understanding that the true love is a scarification.....
For being or not being....
Oh!   Deep  Wide Ocean
You fill my black eyes in blue
Oh!  little waves who drive you
ocean's pounding surf
reoccuring memories
trying to forget
Wind Whisked West;
An Undeniable Stretch
Of Realistic Form.
war memorial
reccuring, late dad's words
that war is a shame
Now, God be thanked Who has watched us with His hour,
And caught our youth, and wakened us from sleeping,
With hand made sure, clear eye, and sharpened power,
Love is so beautiful,
In love there is loss,
Life is still beautiful,
The church bells are ringing incessantly
Alerting earthlings to join the pilgrimage to pray
Across the sea, mountains and desert wastes,
Peace is not a betrayal of this  beloved
Peace is a not a mere  humming song.
Peace is my  lovely girl
When I wake up from my bed in the morning
My saturate eyes open slowly and welcomes the morning sun
Then I feel warm and comfortable at peace of mind
I threw pennies out to the pigeons,
This morning.
They did not know what to do!
How clear is the air found at a mountain's top,
And breathing this freshness, clarifies all things,
At such high altitude, oxygen can drop,
459
A Tooth upon Our Peace
The Peace cannot deface—
This is an angry poem.
About those weasel phrases
which blow like paper in the street
That night I laid beside you
With one hand upon your heart
It beat ever so gently
I HEAR the Shadowy Horses, their long manes a-shake,
Their hoofs heavy with tumult, their eyes glimmering white;
The North unfolds above them clinging, creeping night,
I find no peace, and all my war is done.
I fear and hope. I burn and freeze like ice.
I fly above the wind, yet can I not arise;
I many times thought Peace had come
When Peace was far away—
As Wrecked Men—deem they sight the Land—
Now, God be thanked Who has matched us with His hour,
And caught our youth, and wakened us from sleeping,
With hand made sure, clear eye, and sharpened power,
63
If pain for peace prepares
Lo, what "Augustan" years
Men say the world is full of fear and hate,
And all life's ripening harvest-fields await
The restless sickle of relentless fate.
So much has been written
About peace in the world,
Peace on earth, peace be with you,
(Judges, vi.25)
Jesus! whose blood so freely stream'd
To satisfy the law's demand;
Sometimes a light surprises
The Christian while he sings;
It is the Lord who rises
Sometimes a light surprises
The Christian while he sings;
It is the Lord who rises
We are fighting for justice and peace for all,
And our young men are answering the call.
They are giving their lives for you and for me,
Rising pasture as if viewed from angel flight
A mind-blowing beautiful East West imagery
The central topography high up on the hill
When you look for peace
then the peace lies within you
When you search for peace
Let us live in peace
Among ourselves
That is our natural instinct
My love for you,
How rich in depth?
For joy to cherish,
Why should such gloomy silence reign;
And why is all the house so drear,
When neither danger, sickness, pain,
My child wafts peace.
When I lean over him,
It is not just the smell of soap.
Where the mountains touch the sky,
Where poets DREAM, where eagles fly,
A secret place above the crowd,
On the scene came Christ The Lord, not with peace but with a sword.
The sword was The Word of Truth, and to many it became a reproof.
To many hearts Truth would come, to acknowledge God’s Only Son.
O SUN of real peace! O hastening light!
O free and extatic! O what I here, preparing, warble for!
O the sun of the world will ascend, dazzling, and take his height--
I.
She comes, benign enchantress, heav'n born PEACE!
With mercy beaming in her radiant eye;
______ Sacerdos
Fronde super mitram, & felici comptus oliva.
Virg.
How far is it to peace, the piper sighed,
The solitary, sweating as he paused.
Asphalt the noon; the ravens, terrified,
Part in peace: is day before us?
Praise His Name for life and light;
Are the shadows lengthening o’er us?
He stood, a worn-out City clerk —
Who'd toil'd, and seen no holiday,
For forty years from dawn to dark —
When darkness long has veil'd my mind,
And smiling day once more appears,
Then, my Redeemer, then I find
Peace
Peace and peace
Peace and peace of mind
Peace O peace let it be, let it be,
among Islands near and far,
with colour and creed no bar
Oh God! I need a quiet place,
Where flows the nectar of peace,
Not that kind of dead peace,
The man was seated in a pew,
sandwiched between
his wife and children,
Here in the flamin' thick of thick of things,
With Death across the way, 'n' traps
What little Fritz the German flings
a gentle breeze blows ocean side
the easter lilies usher in the spring
and there you are with your guitar
You think you hurt and that life has treated you so unkindly
Friend let me tell you about someone who endured so much more
He endured more than any human upon this earth has before
Peace, everywhere, peace today!
Peace in lands of scruffy trees and pine,
Peace in lands of olives and wine,
912
Peace is a fiction of our Faith—
The Bells a Winter Night
The poor young girl
with beach blonde hair
and pale white skin
Great cities seldom rest; if there be none
T' invade from far, they'll find worse foes at home.Within the boundaries of hope,
There are no walls,
Nor is there barrier,
He took a frayed hat from his head,
And “Peace on Earth” was what he said.
“A morsel out of what you’re worth,
The Archer is wake!
The Swan is flying!
Gold against blue
Their skin soaks up the heat
Leaving it as black as the midnight sky,
Their eyes wide, white, pleading
Who are they?
The terrorist
They spared none,
Peace, peace, peace,
World wants peace,
You are right Nandita
Peace,
Bring it on
Peace, peace
In the Bible-God says, let there
be peace among all nations.
Peace is something to cherish
I'm having a bit of a nightmare,
Before I even sleep tonight.
I'm plagued by many torments,
Suddenly bells and flags!
Suddenly -- door to door --
Tidings!  Can we believe,
Peace is a flower,
Peace is a bird.
Peace is the sun,
Peace is letting life's cares
Roll over your head while
Stamping on them with both feet.
Sweet Peace, where dost thou dwell? I humbly crave,
Let me once know.
I sought thee in a secret cave,
When will you ever, Peace, wild wooddove, shy wings shut,
Your round me roaming end, and under be my boughs?
When, when, Peace, will you, Peace? I’ll not play hypocrite
I
IN EXCELSIS
Two dwellings, Peace, are thine.
1     My Soul, there is a country
2         Afar beyond the stars,
3     Where stands a winged sentry
After Stuart Merrill
Trembling of purple banners in the fight,
Wild neigh of horses in destruction's path,
And sometimes I am sorry when the grass
Is growing over the stones in quiet hollows
And the cocksfoot leans across the rutted cart-pass
Now, God be thanked Who has watched us with His hour,
And caught our youth, and wakened us from sleeping,
With hand made sure, clear eye, and sharpened power,
Peace flows into me
As the tide to the pool by the shore;
It is mine forevermore,
AH, that Time could touch a form
That could show what Homer's age
Bred to be a hero's wage.
You virgins, that did late despair
To keep your wealth from cruel men,
Tie up in silk your careless hair:
PEACE! what do tears avail?
She lies all dumb and pale,
And from her eye
The tempest calmed after bending the branches of the trees and leaning heavily upon the grain in the field. The stars appeared as broken remnants of lightning, but now silence prevailed over all, as if Nature's war had never been fought.
At that hour a young woman entered her chamber and knelt by her bed sobbing bitterly. Her heart flamed with agony but she could finally open her lips and say, "Oh Lord, bring him home safely to me. I have exhausted my tears and can offer no more, oh Lord, full of love and mercy. My patience is drained and calamity is seeking possession of my heart. Save him, oh Lord, from the iron paws of War; deliver him from such unmerciful Death, for he is weak, governed by the strong. Oh Lord, save my beloved, who is Thine own son, from the foe, who is Thy foe. Keep him from the forced pathway to Death's door; let him see me, or come and take me to him."
Quietly a young man entered. His head was wrapped in bandage soaked with escaping life.
Oh dear peace, you peace us,
Whole day and night we search,
No war we need, we need you,
Alas, I've searched the world to find
That Peace begins within the mind.
It doesnot rest in other men.
Folks greeting those they meet.
Children playing in the street.
People working hand in hand
The heads of strong old age are beautiful
Beyond all grace of youth. They have strange quiet,
Integrity, health, soundness, to the full
No more for you the city's thorny ways,
The ugly corners of the Negro belt;
The miseries and pains of these harsh days
Sweet Peace! ah, lead me from the thorny dale,
Where desolate my wand'ring steps have fled;
Far from the sunny paths which others tread,
'What happened to your teeth',
she said with eyes that were alert.
'One thousand love bites really,
I opened the ink-well and smoke filled the room.
The smoke formed the giant frog-cat of my doom.
His web feet left dreadful slime tracks on the floor.
(Isaiah, ix. 15-20)
Hear what God the Lord hath spoken,
"O my people, faint and few,
Peace, my heart, let the time for
the parting be sweet.
Let it not be a death but completeness.
Trust and treachery, wisdom, folly,
Madness, mirth and melancholy,
Love and hatred, thrift and pillage,
The Word came down to Dives in Torment where he lay:
'Our World is full of wickedness, My Children maim and slay,
'And the Saint and Seer and Prophet
We as Believers are admonished to pray for the peace of Jerusalem,
But how or when, to this troubled city, could true peace ever come?
It has had more bloodshed than any other city in the history of man,
When despair grows in me
and I wake in the night at the least sound
in fear of what my life and my children's lives may be,
On the Mountains of the Prairie,
On the great Red Pipe-stone Quarry,
Gitche Manito, the mighty,
You can’t rely on the peace train,
always jumping the tracks
or taking the wrong one
Peace without Justice is a low estate,-
A coward cringing to an iron Fate!
But Peace through Justice is the great ideal,-
Peace will come
When Mankind
Is so deadIF Michael, leader of God's host
When Heaven and Hell are met,
Looked down on you from Heaven's door-post
People wish to be settled. Only as long as they are unsettled is there any hope for them.
-- Thoreau
My life has been
We have been given an unnatural peace
By using alcohol and other drugs.
They are nothing but mind and body snatchers:
"This war is a terrible thing," he said,
"With its countless numbers of needless dead;
A futile warfare it seems to me,
War is Peace
Peace is War
War unites against
When love spills out of the heart, peace rushes in , where there's
peace, and love within! When confronting another individual with
peace, then love return, when there's peace, and love within! When
When I cast a look around the world,
I marvel at what I see and hear.
Why, I ponder , is the world at war?
WORLD PEACE, is what we now NEED.
Forget the STRIFE! Let go of GREED.
Give up your ANGER, and abandon HATE!
The meadow nourished in softest
Sedges scattered amid violet milk weeds
Incredible flowered attractions
When the time is right and everyone’s the same
Our world will be perfect with no one left to blame
Rage and hate will be a torn up page
My friend the  gardener who manages
to combine romantic or ex-romantic
with realist and fine poet and
We had this priest come and talk to us on the feast day of St. Joseph and so strangely he mentioned a girl would know the right guy because he'd be willing to sacrifice his dreams for hers and for God's. Not only am I not a god, requiring sacrifice, but my dreams so often don't follow the path I imagine God would dream of. I suppose, at one point, it's Him or me.
Seven deadly pink roses waiting on my windowsill;
terrorized in their muted fuchsia,
An umbrella being dragged at the day's end.
A seagull churns its wings,
avoiding sunlight,
A beautiful dozen of pink roses
were delivered to our home today.
I didn't know who sent them
Unlock all the doors
To your imagination
Reject all the crap
The waves roll back and forth,
crashing. Always crashing.
It crests and then falls,
A posy of pink roses
stand on the alter of my church.
The roses maybe artificial,
could my loved one ever forgive me
in that sin witch i so carelessly alowed to happen
i never thought that i could be so blind not even i could have seen
It's just a new obsession
A color which makes me go insane
Pink is not any kind of fiction
Among us none stood
moving like magic
gliding feet
Just to let everyone know that my ebook
entitled 'Pink Ribbons' is now available for
download (PDF)   from Lulu.How am I supposed to be myself, Daddy
When you want me to be someone else?
How am I supposed to act like nothing fazes me, Daddy
I sit on the bed...
waiting to finally meet you..
my heart's racing..
6
Frequently the wood are pink—
Frequently are brown.
Frequently the wood mix pink -
More often not to wood on ground,
Hands color, of the root I, stumble on.
Sakura pixels
perpetuate seasonal
pink of perfection
I dream I’m in a Parisian café
With a dark-haired girl
Wearing a yellow skirt revealing
When you leave me
I feel wounded, uneasy and yet unshaken
I feel sad, unhappy but never forsaken.
I see the red pink nebulas of Orion
that only You are able to unravel
where other stars still are forming
Petronella the Pig, quickly tried on her wig.
‘What a picture, I look’, she exclaimed, and partook,
of a large glass of wine, which tasted quite divine.
to my grandparents
in bubble-gum pink, reading old comics
we sipped our summers slowly while
So Davies wrote: ' This leaves me in the pink. '
Then scrawled his name: ' Your loving sweetheart Willie '
With crosses for a hug. He'd had a drink
I’m In the Cresta Lodge Botswana
It was 10h00 at night – sudden need for ice cold coke
Down to the bar – Coke and Ice Please
I wish the rain pours out today
Like the way it did on a summer day,
Cold as it was, dark as it can be,
Like a beautiful pink camellia that's how you appear to me
That bloom in chilly August on it's dark green mother tree
So bright and fresh and pretty in the wintery wind and rain
Your territory whence your'I'
Looks into the whole world
Blinking for hopeful knowing
Pink and delicate
this rose belongs
to my heart
Above a sea of pink..
I drift by...
and you open the sky....
to my Grandmother, Lucy W. Young
and to my mother, Mary Adalyn Young Douglas
ah breathlessly exquisite the carnation nosegay, pink spiced
Pretty as a picture
In her brand new summer dress;
Not that she is interested,
Early on an April day
In the land of morning calm
Azaleas bloom pink
A pink bellflower dangling on her strap
shouldering pain, blue veins strangling
the seeds of desire it's Queen heart
Unfurled flitting pink
butterfly flags flutter
in forests
He was lookin’ kinda cool
Against his ‘pink Cadillac’
Looking on ahead of him
The pink coat
She put on when it was cold
The pink coat
It happened once in amazon
The wooden boat set sail alone
With little kids and mom and dad
"They are fools who kiss and tell" --
Wisely has the poet sung.
Man may hold all sorts of posts
Pink-edged clouds,
sunset sun.
Bedimming light.
Pink eucalyptus flowers
(The flowers are out)
Are scented honey sweet
Pink flower is beautiful
Always so much of anything
Playfully and never dull
Do not text me or think otherwise
I am just picking flowers from my garden.
Last evening I picked a red rose but
Does not making you happy, with a snappier pink,
make you excited? Snap, snap...your lips did they...purse
this word, or discard it...?
Pink pants and rosy plants
Pink blouses, never failing to arouse spouses
Pink hot feverish lips
In the shade of my live oak tree,
Drinking pink lemonade.
Just about as laid back as can be,
There's this similarity with all the girls,
They want perfection in 2 things to unfurl.
First a set of 32 sparkling pearls
She asked
Do you want a drink?
I said yes I do I think....
Pink panther
Do love being a famous movie star?
Is your life a paradise?
Pink-Pearl  Driver
Still, the  red roses do not grow - in  hothouses,
For them,  until then neon lamps are  ridiculously.Pink Pearl Necklace; and heaven is this.
My island an afterthought mornings glow,
and pink sands there coral waves grow.
pink pink
Confirmed that it was armed
pink pink
There she sat, head tilted back in elegance
Pushed
By her father in her
Pink is the new Black.
Salmon shirt for your office, goes well this season with that tie.
Father's Day gift from Macy's or did you find out from GQ.
Feather light wings that float softly through the air tickled by specks of dust.
Bright white light inflamed with pink and laced with gold.
Raising flowers, changing seasons,
At night I think pink looks depressing…
Like a school girls lumpy blancmange
There is something churlish un-exotic
A blush of pink:
She'd caught a roving eye -
He gave a wink.
Pink handkerchief
'Pink' username
Pink bag
Torn, slapped stamped and burned
How far will you suffer girl?
Why do you cover the scratches and wounds that still bleed?
The Pink butterfly
looking like pink shirts,
My pink thoughts
Now what would you think,
Of a party all pink,
With pink iguanas,
Palpated her breast, a lump in the throat.
The monster that mama and aunty smote.
Toyed with the pages of a letter she wrote,
One lump or two?
Ma'am….your coffee?
One lump or two?
Pink ribbons span the evening sky
And trim your feathered bed
Now I will sing a lullaby
Like a beautiful pink rose
She is in prime to bulldoze
Where ever she goes
I love every single color of roses
The gardeners have created
Beauty of a rose certainly
I wash my hands, in your ink, fast between a
valley, it clings to me, lives in me, my pen.
and Waves, that run, i float on, the rose and hand,
When took a dip in Ganga
that pink sari
imbibed a lot of Advaitha.
Two years ago...
A spritely
Human angel in a little pale pink nighty and slippers
This Jesus thing,
anti-gay,
Uganda, Arizona,
I stand at watch, this dream caught.
Issued in, hers, it wiggles, in a gasp, free.
Disguised the hand, mediums, one portal.
All decked out on 'Easter Sunday'
She's 'Pretty in pink' it would be said
Back to blouse n' jeans come Monday
Shell of defenselessness
i rip it brutally
open
Red Lips, are one plan
and the fires they light
burn too hot..Pink lips,
lives in thorne
smiles in thorne
sleeps on thorne
Say goodbye
In pink satin
A schoolgirl grown
How many shades of pink are there?
My fingers typed.
That can't be the start of a poem
I grew even pinker, with each
passing verb, she tossed and
slung at me.
I sometimes wear shocking pink underwear.
It is my act of rebellion against those who
always tell me that I am too pale for bright colours.
We have to be careful
with whatever we say
as it might happen to us one day.
The astrologer a babaji,
An Indian babaji,
Dressed in red or red,
The emo in pink
She tries to hide
How she really feels
I was always late to the banquet,
Or the fabled buffet ran out of food too soon.
The bridesmaid shoes dyed hot pink,
The pink and orange hues of evening
sky,
are beautiful yet sad, as all goodbyes.
When I was in Junior High
A term for Middle School in a time gone by
My Mother bought me a briefcase of pink
I may walk until I’m fainting, I may write until I’m blinded,
I might drink until my back teeth are afloat,
But I can’t forget my ruin and the happy days behind it,
Fair one, you did on me bestow
Comparisons too sweet to ow;
And but I found them sent from you
The rain drizzles down,
Soft and sun-kissed
Falling lazily through a sacrosanct sunbeam
A dainty little girl skipped across the park
Dressed in pink from ribbons to shoes
Her Mother followed close behind
The sky is pink
The grass is blue
Up is down
This peach is pink with such a pink
As suits the peach divinely;
The cunning colour rarely spread
Pink Sands Beach
the lady's pink swimming suit
painted orange
refreshing dawn mist, crisp air
and sunshine tiptoe through tender lips,
shower their warmth over a secluded valley
There was an old saying a long time ago
When your life was at a place
That was absolutely perfect
I am really shocked to behold the pink city
Blood when flows near by  the green field
From the ill fatted souls of their mother’s womb
It was hard daddy
Getting off of these pills
I took it out on the cat
From whispers to heavy noise
My art of love as it melted
In fine connections invisible
The pink of the sunset was like the droop
From the shoulders like the folds in soft
Rays gleamed like diamonds in gold red
My eyes set their gaze across the horizon
The sun is setting in late fall afternoon
Cold snap in the air as the leaves swirl about
The ex-Marine walked
into Coach’s bar…
260 pounds…
I’m a restless and corrupted one
Hoping for eternal darkness
And an end to they bright shining sun
Neither straight, nor curved,
The longest line
On Earth!Globalization.................................A period of extreme poverty of the lower working classes
As they worked to the death the rich sat politely on their arses
London’s poor tried to scrape a living doing jobs the devil created
Pining for a much better quality of life,
Opened to great suffering and pain.
Violence and hate, society's distain.
I do not care how much they would
give to buy me if they could.
I am poor and often starving,
A room I saw
where the babu of poverty had been a frequent visitor
few walls were stark naked as if they never wore anything
We are proud to say we are poor
We are telling about our poverty
We are getting nowhere.
THE post-boy drove with fierce career,
For threatening clouds the moon had drowned;
When, as we hurried on, my ear
And what is poverty
In which we are busy
in discussing so much?
Poverty is not so easy to attain.
It is not all misery-belly-pinching brats,
motherless, naked and dirty, let loose
Not every beggar is a poor man or                                     A poor woman anytime...                                              Not every poor man is a beggar                                        Anytime...                                                           Beggars versus poor people...                                        Poor people never beg for money or                                    Anything anytime...                                                  Beggary is a bad deed that makes                                      Someone behaves badly and unwisely...                                Poverty is not beggary and beggary                                    Is not poverty anytime...                                            Beggars are mostly greedy and liars                                   Simply because they beg for their                                     Greed and not for their poverty...                                   Most poor people never beg for money                                  And for anything else in life...                                     Poverty is not a mistake, but beggary                                 Is a grave, ugly, and bad mistake...                                 Most of those who beg don't need                                      To beg anytime simply because they                                    Are greedy anywhere and everywhere...Give us your deprived, your malleable muddled masses
hoping for a gentler taskmaster
Welcome to the multi-trillion dollar industry, Poverty
Born in poverty,
Raised in poverty,
Still living in poverty!It's so strange.
They speak about it.
Pizza! burgers! chicken! meat!
Arrows of poverty darting from throes
Thorns of destitution germinating from thrones
Flood of orphans sprouting on ghettos of misery
Nothing wrong has been done
By Dana Majhi of Kalahandi.
He has just taken away
life
large stereotypes
will
End poverty
In the world now
Please
Havoc being played upon an earth of people as they struggle
to live from day to day.
Making ends meet is no longer a tangible way of being.
I hate poverty
Money paves the way to health
Peace and happinessthere is no poverty in poetry: it is a rich world
of flowers
and magic, of images that imaginations create
Keeps away poverty
Make no mistakes
You shall stake
One way to be very happy is to be very rich
For then you can buy orchids by the quire and bacon by the flitch.
And yet at the same time People don't mind if you only tip them a dime,
All things being equal I'd rather be rich,
However, thing don't always work out,
So I'm resigned to spend my time in poverty,
Those who raise their voices for equality,
Obviously, they are not considered; equal,
Those who seek freedom; they are slave,
Was I so poor
in those damned days
that I went in the dark
I over heard two fellows arguing about poverty
Whilst I sat in the cafe drinking coffee
And in truth I could not help but overhear them
Poverty seems like a repellent stuck on the poor
Whose only fault lies in owning no property or asset to parade
Among wealth admirers and worshippers to whom poverty seems dour
Their skin soaks up the heat
Leaving it as black as the midnight sky,
Their eyes wide, white, pleading
Neither have I measured the life with coffee spoon
Nor did hips ever become a drum to beat, at noon
Cruel hunger like autumn paved the path for spring
Long ago there was a king,
Sober, sublime and sincere,
One Saturday night, came an angel,
When I went to orphan house I met lot of children
They didn't see their mother nor did their Father
They don't know about god and his kingdom
My poverty
And it is my poverty
That is making me
Drive out poverty
And illiteracy
From the country
Poverty and misrule
Wolves are same all over
You need to think it over
Poverty is like an iron cover with several holes in it
Through which pass some invisible rays
They fall upon you and you slowly go dry
Who with a little cannot be content,
Endures an everlasting punishment.The stork flew over a town one day,
And back of each wing an infant lay;
One to a rich man’s home he brought,
Poverty and Crime
desperation starvation
and economic crime,
Poverty crone
Dancing with open belly
Along with croon.'momma, i'm hungry! '
'i cant find you. where are you? '
'momma! please! momma! '
Fill the rivers,
With poverty’s tears,
Only then will they be filled with innocent water.
By your wall falling lots of garbages
Neither you cleanse nor you use,
The garbages stir by every wind
Wild horses we
Pricked at the wind,
Never to know, alas;
Mom and dad depressed.
Children's bellies extended.
This is poverty.
Poverty, hunger and want of resources,
Still do the rounds,
Human hunger
An egotistical backlog
of creditors
waiting in line
Father, poverty is a gift
Ask any bird taking a rain bath.
Son, don't make's me laugh
It is true poverty is a relative thing
A poor bloke buys his girlfriend a ten dollar ring
But to a pauper one with ten dollars is not poor at all
Poverty is disguise in blessings
In the sense it has essential feature of tracing
Happiness and joy to which his fortune might lay
It's killing me bit by bit
It enhances my frustration
I'm lonely because of it
Poverty is not a great shame, but                                      It's a shame upon those who're behind it,                               There are poor people everywhere because                                  Of the greedy people who steal everything,                               Poor people are the products of failed                                    Regimes that steal everything and everyone,                               Poverty talks loudly because it's huge                                    Anytime, anywhere, and everywhere,                                   When there people steal other people                                      It means poverty will prevail and rule,                                   Poverty is a bitter enemy that must be                                   Fought with all might and with all weapons,                            The poor people suffer too much in life                                         Because there are thieves who are stealing                              Them everyday, everywhere, and anywhere,                                          The poor people's fault is the greedy people                                Who are not replenished with everything they take, and                  Poverty is a deadly poison that spreads everywhere.An infectious disease
spread through the air
or blood.
It may be buried memories from my past
Though still fresh and striking to my heart
How I wish its effects ceases to last
Poor people can not eat                                               All kinds of subs and sandwiches                                          Simply because they don't have money                                       To buy them anytime, anywhere, and everywhere,                               They can not eat any kind of fast food,                                    Cooked food, or any kind of food, but                                   They can eat only ready-made food from the garbage                        Or left food on the sidewalks,                                           They don't eat good foods because simply they can't                            Buy any kind of food anytime, anywhere, and everywhere,                  I went everywhere in our pretty world and I saw these                    Poor people eating from the garbage and they go inside                    Just to pick some left food,                                             These poor people when they pick the left or thrown food                   In the garbage or on the sidewalks and these people look                     Like birds picking their food in the same way,                                   The poor people regretfully can't get good food because                     They are poor and they have no choice at all anytime,                   Poor people suffer simply because they lack money and they                 Lack the world's attention though some people have a lot of food,    Our world is greatly unfair about the poor people and may be           Not caring about the poor and their abject poverty anytime, and       Greatly all the world is surely responsible directly or indirectly    Towards all the poor people anywhere, everywhere, and anywhere.I am a proud man
Not because of my wealth
But for my poverty which provides me
Water simmers on the stove
Grater is turning to pieces, a dry clove
Eyes shimmer with vapour at the door
Small lines
Poverty
Misery
Eradication of poverty all over the world
A must and justice to the people
Poverty is not at all a curse or to blame
When we talk each other
As a subject and object
Not as a brother and sister
I hate this grinding poverty—
To toil, and pinch, and borrow,
And be for ever haunted by
Every night you question your poverty,
while rich people enjoy their frivolity.
To you life just doesn't seem fair,
I saw an old cottage of clay,
And only of mud was the floor;
It was all falling into decay,
The poor
The homeless
The mother
O poverty, thou hast made me great.
Thou hast made me honoured like Christ
With his crown of thorns. Thou hast given me
The poor
The homeless
The mother
There's smoke in the air
I walk stupefied;
For, I just witnessed a horrendous sight.
It’s the 21st century,
World has advanced in many ways, yet poverty still cries.
Looking at the little boy with tears in eyes,
Poverty
Poverty is female
-can conceive, deliver
he was born poor..
his whole life..
he lived..plagued by po(v)  erty..
The entity that is dreaded by all but ever present everywhere, a non-respecter of age,
Poverty does not have regard for race, nor nationality, as it is present in every part of the globe,
Poverty breeds diseases, it has siblings like misery, ignorance, illiteracy, dejection, rejection, degradation, agony,
As in the house I sate,
Alone and desolate,
No creature but the fire and I,
The world with its people,
People in different religion,
Religion with various festivals,
This animal is there,
Waiting with cruel claws,
The teeth are sharp,
Swarms of ants
Spotted dead
Starving for food
Poverty is the curse of life
but some time it is gift for life
if you have no car
Poverty
Is an baleful curse.
A more terrible curse than the plaque.
POVERTY: WAR OF TODAY
melvin banggollay
Poverty abound everywhere
If I would own nothing, poverty would be my name
If I would acquire wealth, with it a name
Now I pass by my friends of old
Men speak of riches and poverty, two extremes of our reality,
But, for many, it would seem, they never enter either extreme,
Some, attaining all they require, never seek to rise any higher,
you look at the poverty of other people
romancing it like a metaphor in your poetry
the color of a man's unwashed shirt with mud
Alack, what poverty my Muse brings forth,
That having such a scope to show her pride,
The argument all bare is of more worth
O, Poverty! though from thy haggard eye,
Thy cheerless mien, of every charm bereft,
Thy brow that Hope's last traces long have left,
The horrific specter called Poverty,
Ruining most illustrious of men;
Denying them much of their liberty;
A birth in poverty is luck supreme!
A death in poverty, a great blessing;
A life of poverty is rare a dream;
الفقير                                                                 ما بيشحد و لو بدو يموت                                                 لأن الشحادة عيب                                                        و اللي بيشحد مانو فقير                                                 الشحاد بيمد ايدو متر                                                   ليشحد من هون و هون                                                    و الفقير ابي النفس                                                     و لكن الايام غلبتو                                                     و يمكن اشياء و اشياء خلتو فقير...........                              الفقر ليس عيبا                                                        و انما الشحادة اكبر عيب...                                             في ناس الشحادة عندون مكسب                                              لأننون ماخسرانين شي                                                     اذا مدو ايدون شبر و لامتر                                                في ناس بتبزء بوشون                                                     بيئولوا عما تمطر...                                                   في ناس كتير....                                                        ماشفت فقير عم يشحد                                                     بس شفت ناس بتشحد                                                      و ما بحاجة للمصاري او الفلوس...                                       عيب... انتي اللي عم تشحد                                              زوء على حالك...                                                      بس الفقير فئرو                                                         الو الف سبب و سبب                                                     و الله ما بيترك حدا                                                      كل مين جايلو رزئو...                                                  الفقر مش عيب                                                          الشحادة عيب...                                                       21-08-2014                                                            - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -At least spare a thought for the children the children of Poverty Street
They are homeless as young teenagers and against the odds they must compete
Their parents serving time for robbery and narcotic offences and most of their role models in jail
Poverty
Poverty is a curse for human society
Poverty prevails there where the injustice is
THE IMPACT OF POVERTY ON EDUCATION.
INTRODUCTION
There are so many different tools that have been thought relevant in people’s developmental projects both at individual and societal levels. Education is one of such practical tools. Importantly to note, there are also various meanings that denote the broad term ‘education’. In this essay, however, we are mainly interested in defining formal education since our discussion will dwell much on it. According to Nwomonoh (1998) , formal education is the process of gaining knowledge, attitudes, information and skills during the course of life especially at school.
I met her on the Umbrian hills,
Her hair unbound, her feet unshod:
As one whom secret glory fills
Above our  heads is the bright  moon
Is she busy now   with honey-moon?
Under her is the clumsy   poverty crone
(he shouts about politics, while we have here about poetry)
....he read that
mine poetry about this poverty
Profit and loss sheets are spread
separated by hyperboles and conjectures
upon my desktop and the poverty of my brain
the poverty of the world
the hunger of the children
will always be here
Freedom in our land not gives us enough food,
Freedom in our land not has enough work,
Freedom in our land creates the lazy cowards,
If the rich people
Becomes more sympathetic
There will be no poorIt has no joy—
No bells to ring.
No songs for
What does poverty really entail?
How bad does it have to get?
For some a bad economy
299
Your Riches—taught me—Poverty.
Myself—a Millionaire
ଖୋଲା ଆକାଶ ତଳେ
ଖରା, ବର୍ଷା, ଶୀତକୁଆଲିଗଂନ କରି
ଝାଳ ବୁହାଇ ଚାଲେ
Seeking the healing power of sleep,
I find no respite in my dreams...
Sinking into slumber deep,
the power of God is truly amazing, he never dissapoints us.  Even when we think he may have forgotten us, he shows his hand and the glory of his love.
I had many family issues in the last few weeks and just couldn't take it anymore so I did what I consider to be the obvious.  I gave all my troubles to God and left them in his hands, my daughter did the same.
I decided to write a prayer letting Satan know he doesn't scare me and at the end of that prayer when I dotted the last period, I heard someone at the door and there was my long lost son.
When the rain falls from the sky above,
It is God showering you with tears of love.
When the sun shines on a  bright sunny day.
You-
Stand by the ocean, shouting, trying to
drown out the cry of the waves
A POET LOSES HIS POWER FOR POETRY
A poet loses his power for poetry
He can put down words
When we would convince men of any error by
the strength of truth, let us additionally pour
the sweet balm of love upon their heads. Truth
We will build a tower
With unbridled spring-water attitudes
Flowing with fires of charity
come
lets kiss and rejoice
you..
Ah power! Power
Goeth away
and wealth
'Twas at the royal feast for Persia won
By Philip's warlike son—
Aloft in awful state
I am beyond the help of prayer...I am in the abyss of a double life
One which I brought upon myself and another Fate has dealt me
I was preyed upon and cast into the belly of the Beast
The unction cools my brow; the candle shines
and braids a line of sacramental brede;
the priest half-chants the text, and makes the signs,
The sea invades the coastal cliffs,
Battling against its stalwart stone,
Devouring its surface bit by bit,
I never turned anyone into a pig.
Some people are pigs; I make them
Look like pigs.
I happen to be terrified
By cut-throat competition
And sinister backroom deals
The word power is ambiguous and mystifying
Power is interrelated and measurable
The word power is vague and ambivalent
Fighting wars just like before
Hate to think how many more
Hour by hour, dying for power
I love someone for the influence I have.
I love playing where I employ my force.
I love judging to assert my power.
HAD I the power that have the will,
The enfeebled will - a modern curse -
This book of mine should blossom still
Jesus is coming to set all straight and you may have no time to wait.
For no one knows the day or hour when He’ll return in all His Power.
And every eye will see that day when all His power He does display.
His Power bounded, greater is in might,
Than if let loose, 'twere wholly infinite.
He could have made an endless sea by this,
U Fooled me
U Cheated on me
U let me go
540
I took my Power in my Hand—
And went against the World—
There cames a time
When you face the tougest of figths
Seaching for a light
Kisses upon kisses
Teases upon teases
Certain madness fills the air
Three or four repetitions
of a mental picture
of the location
They've got a libdo and a desire
That can't be controled
They've got the power
They say her words were like balloons
with strings I could not hold,
that her love was something in a shop
How the time passes by.
We are unable to arrest it.
How quick the people are leaving this world.
O Thou dread Power, who reign'st above,
I know thou wilt me hear,
When for this scene of peace and love
Bead-String in one hand and Book in another hand
Goddess Saraswathi sits on a White Lotus
Victoriously invoking art with her beautiful Veena
A bad habit they form as a young girl or boy
To have power over others some people enjoy
With personal power some are not satisfied
Power can tackle power,
Power can go deep in to the air.
And in the air, we find only fire.
It is a fact that human beings cannot live without money
People go to work everyday because of money
The more money we have the greater the influence
Once in jungle a rat was very frightened by a cat
Somehow it escaped from the attack,
There the rat met a Saint and prayed
Power is love and strength
Showered on others at any length
Power is a woman
Looking into the distant future
something my stupid past didn’t see.
May the outcome of my experience
Love, indeed thy strength is mighty
Thus, alone, such strife to bear --
Three 'gainst one, and never ceasing --
I drank and feasted on the table of love
They laughed, cried and shared
They stood in unity and cared
I must love her more than she does,
The husband wants.
I must love him more than he does,
In silence the flower buds gently bloom,
In silence they waft their sweet perfume.
In silence grows the blades of grass,
Death be not proud
for you have no hold over my life,
Death be not proud
The lonliness of the night,
Is matched by the emptiness of my bed.
The emptiness of my heart,
A Word is capable of anything
It is capable of changing enemies
into friends.
Written words are powerful
Able to influence and elicit change
More powerful yet are spoken words
Power or no power
Tuesday, March 27,2018
6: 40 AM
The mighty sound of forests murmuring
In answer to the dread command;
The stars that shudder when their king
The power of truth is in the belief
The power of love in the heart
The power of faith is felt in the mind
To some power is guns
To some power is knifes
To some power is the ability to read, and write.
deceiver of nations,
controller of men,
destruction, destroyer,
There is a power in taking
But more power in giving
There is a power in revenge
Power! Power! ! Power! ! !
Madness;
Mankind on earth!
Far far away
Deep in space
To a sexy galaxy you will go
Set tongues to wagging
Now sucking harder then ever before
Swallowed in space
Where the world goes
Where the power goes
Power the great power
Remember him, whom Passion's power
Severely---deeply---vainly proved:
Remember thou that dangerous hour,
O thou, my lovely boy, who in thy power
Dost hold Time's fickle glass his fickle hour;
Who hast by waning grown, and therein show'st
O, from what power hast thou this powerful might
With insufficiency my heart to sway?
To make me give the lie to my true sight,
XXXIX
Because thou hast the power and own'st the grace
To look through and behind this mask of me
They that have power to hurt and will do none,
That do not do the thing, they most do show,
Who, moving others, are themselves as stone,
How change of chairs makes human beings queer!
That power corrupts minds is truly true;
No lion can ever become a deer;
They that have power to hurt and will do none,
That do not do the thing they most do show,
Who, moving others, are themselves as stone,
Because thou hast the power and own'st the grace
To look through and behind this mask of me
(Against which years have beat thus blanchingly
They that have power to hurt and will do none,
That do not do the thing they most do show,
Who, moving others, are themselves as stone,
Each man on Earth who strives for good
And seeks to bless the neighbourhood
Should ask himself what gifts he owns
To have the right to dream
and to follow it each day
until some tiny part of it
When you look at your life
With your trophy wife
Do you feel fulfilled?
The lust for power and money to corruption lead
And some cheat and lie to satisfy their greed
And big Corporations do not have a soul
The lust for power is an addiction the Government their own praises do sing
And rubbish their main opposition as to Government they try to cling
The voters bombarded with propaganda right up until election day
Beyond that plant you may see the shanties in a row without the electricity
And the poor parents read pamphlets of family planning under the moonlight
While they think of their multiplying children.The little power we have to others we give away
They rule our lives for us we go by what they say
The media they control and only lies from them we hear
Litter of puppies
Glitters the garden.
Slither and snuggled
Connected to God, in tune with nature,
heartfelt passions spoken in a line.
What better place to find serenity
The power of Armies is a visible thing,
Formal, and circumscribed in time and space;
But who the limits of that power shall trace
Not human art, but living gods alone
Can fashion beauties that by changing live,--
Her buds to spring, his fruits to autumn give,
Pain is the feeling you endure when you are alone,
It is great torture when you have no friends at all
Pain is the feeling you endure when you break a bone,
Cruel friend
Trust built on lies
Holding on to the wound
The power of ideas are immeasurable
They are the hidden treasures which lies
Deep within each and everyone of us
Love lives and gives itself to us all!
Love lives and gives itself to us all!
Teaching us what to do!
Inside a tree a squirrel sat,
he was well-nourished, even fat.
He spotted then the owl who, wise,
One song can spark a moment,
One whisper can wake the dream.
One tree can start a forest,
One second might not tell
When held against an hour
One hour might not count
You pray a lot and take pride
That your prayers are granted
And you pray some more
or, The First Steamboat up the Alabama.
You, Dinah!  Come and set me whar de ribber-roads does meet.
De Lord, HE made dese black-jack roots to twis' into a seat.
The old man had been channeling Albert for days
He had managed to make contact with him
while taking his morning constitution in the back
The foaming stream from out the rock
With thunder roar begins to rush,--
The oak falls prostrate at the shock,
When a tiny melody catches your breath
And wonderful lyrics impound your brain
The clarity of a voice stirs your heart
It was a special time indeed, when Christ chose to died upon a tree,
For He didn't die because of a crime, but He died for you and me.
On the morning before He died, as the garden was quiet and still,
There is sorrow enough in the natural way
From men and women to fill our day;
And when we are certain of sorrow in store,
Mighty art thou, because of the peaceful charms of thy presence;
That which the silent does not, never the boastful can do.
Vigor in man I expect, the law in its honors maintaining,
'Tis a strange mystery, the power of words!
Life is in them, and death. A word can send
The crimson colour hurrying to the cheek.
464
The power to be true to You,
Until upon my face
The power u think u have ova me,
is not as strong as u think
I jus let u think dat bcuz I love u.....
You have heard of the wonderful one-hoss shay
That was built in such a logical way
It ran a hundred years to a day.
'Tis sad to think that many with power abuse it those with power who abuse it weak not strong
There is nothing wrong with having power in the first place it is the abuse of it that is all wrong
For the abuse of power leads to serious crimes against the powerless though power in good hands it is quite okay
677
To be alive—is Power—
Existence—in itself—
To have power over others is something one does not need
For tis only by good example that one can ever lead
And many with power over others their power they do abuse
From them only negative stuff we do hear
They tell us who to trust and tell us who to fear
We want to believe the lies to us they tell
V-8 engines pushing tin
Up and down to run and win
Circled race yet powers in
The Power of Love
- Sense it
- Feel it
their coarse voices
Wow! Chinaman s-peak-s En-gli-sh
amplified
Sexism • Ageism
Religious intolerance • Xenophobia
Ableism • Adultism • Biphobia • Classism
I was in my office one day
And an old black truck driver came my way
As we were talking a ganster walked in
Anti-racism,
Anti-racism demos,
Okay,
The matter is over,
They have erred
And for this the court is there
beware two wrongs do not make a right
reverse racism is still racism
bigotry prejudice intolerance injusticeNot much so far done
More needs to be done
To tame this demon-
Direct Racism In Fake Humanity
April 13, 2020
"Black not,
The eyes of hate stares down at you
with so much dispproval and it makes you
feel uncomfortible and unwelcome,
We all must bring our
Racism to end.
A message to all, I long to send.
A lightning bolt thought
caused in his mind prism
a shift... a May schism..
Geography and Racism
I have only seen
Africa from the deck
How long will you go
Doing
Racism, anti-racism,
disease gutter journalism
raises ugly head distorts
headline news coverage
Racism persists when
Prejudice and ignorance
Flourish together.the silence
between his hockey stories...
a banana
Globe,
Lobe,
Robe! ! ! !
How long will the mayhem continue to,
Rioting and chaos,
Anti-racism protests
We are fed up with this
Brand of protesters,
This looters brigade,
I saw its ugly head
And witnessed its action.
I saw the color of its forehead
We have met before
And you closed the door
Imagine the pain I had to endure
I am what I am and your not.
It was said by someone
that once she lets me inside
When those  victims of racism are cruelly abused,
Their faces look so sad and they don't know they are used.
A fear of things makes them inept to protect their space.
lessons in racism
should be taken to heart
never crime repeatedWill someone please say it’s a rumor and not true,
That professional woman’s golf is not going to,
Require that players who play in any LPGA events,
It was heart breaking to leave great grandfathers area;
Blood sucking land grabbers and from their phobia!
Loved those trees, fields, own homestead with fence;
No, no to racism,
No, no to racial prejudice and hypocrisy,
Say no, no to any sort of discrimination.
Racism has no place
in poetry
dear poets
If you love me,
Let it come from your heart and, let it show on your face;
No racism! ! !they need help around the arrogant world
against racism the poor and blacks.
during history they always have pointed
There once was a scruffy old pig,
he loved wearing his barrister's wig.
Made from hair of a mare
I always feel disappointed when of racism I read
And when I read of it in Ireland I feel very sad indeed
For racism in society should never have a place
.
What racist named her a racist?
What bigot underscored her bigotry?
Wondering at the rudeness in people of power, thinking
they are better than those they are supposed to be
serving.
Prejudice
I don't like him or her or them
because they are
Pressure of racism flows from mouths of those who proclaim
to be politically correct and who are in fact, just the
opposite.
Arizona!  The land of sand n' fun
Passed a law that opened up a door
Allowing cops to draw n’ point a gun
racism is the rich man's lash
on the poor man's back!
yea, it's hard down in the projects.
A newborn babe is racist free.
Racist levels that fill one's mind
Come from others like family,
Racism and Rank are humanity's shame
All people should be equal and the same
But in my lifetime this will never be
We must be aware…..,
Of the Culture Of Racism….,
It’s a slur and a swear….,
Racism is the deadliest form of cancer
For our society, it is a serious danger
Racism is a form of terror
some people
lick racism like
an ice creamfor Abraham Joshua Heschel who proclaims that Racism is man's gravest threat to man.
'those slanted eyes'
in the room silence
Racism has a human heart,
An artery of cruelty & death,
It has blood of anger, & evil…,
It would seem racism abounds
everywhere. In this century
and from the earliest times.
racism in any form
is a crime against
entire ethnic diversity
Prejudice cannot be hidden,
Arrogance for the color of skin.
Its ugly head is here again
Racism
It is bad
It is bad
Of human ignorance I am almost in despair
For racism is around me everywhere
But like they say sheer ignorance is bliss
Wise words from a wise old fellow for as long as I live I'll recall
He said if you are a Racist to one Race then you are a racist to all
You cannot be a racist to one Race and claim you are not racist in any way
Ever since modern man
drove the last
neanderthals
People from different places come to America
They have different backgrounds and have different skin
But they are in America
Racism is still alive
They just be concealing it
Inequality is still prevalent
Some things never change suppose life is this way
Racism is still rife in the Human World of today
Racism through religion and nationality and culture and race
I was born and reared in Southern Illinois. That region of Illinois then a part of the Segregated South. The schools I attended were not as functional as those the white kids enjoyed. Appreciating movies at the local Roxy Theatre required a lonely climb upstairs to the balcony. I've sipped water from fountains designated 'Negro Only, ' and well remember the 'Colored' signs at the rear of the 'Tri-City' bus. At an advanced age, in the center of one of the World's most renowned regions, where least expected, I've heard the disparaging word 'nigger' directed my way on separate occasions.
As an activated USMC Reservist during the Korean Conflict, I was deployed to Parris Island, South Carolina. Arriving in Beaufort soon after daybreak, famished, amid thoughts centered on an uncertain future, I was oblivious to the cultural mores around me. Dressed in full military regalia, toting a fully packed sea-bag, I entered the nearest restaurant seeking a mere breakfast meal. I was met at the door with words I shall never forget, 'We don't serve Colored People here.' My Country had just ordered me to submit my life to protect it, with death if necessary, yet found it convenient to deny me a decent meal in a comfortable setting.
Racial insensitivity, once experienced, remains indelibly ingrained, precisely defining bigotry whenever and wherever it appears. I've seen its presence in proliferated acts of political expediency. Known it denied in spite of the critical obvious. Have witnessed those who claim to abhor the practice, sit silently in tacit approval. Folks who observe, yet fail to condemn are as culpable, I'm convinced, as any committing the overt act.
Racist people,
Are the saddest these days.
Racist people,
We have to master the art of tolerance and endurance
give honesty and love a place in our hearts
then the colours black, brown, yellow, red and white
I write and put down on paper whats on my mind, I'll say  a few words none to be kind. I hate racism people of that act, I do not care what color you are. You could be white, brown, or black.A paradox has open it's door, people think who started this war.Inorgance is very bliss your conscience is telling you to listen to this, your heart we need to make a new start take part and be hate free. It's start with a vocie, it begins with me. It is time to put our hearts to  the test  and see if it brings out our best and lets  put racism to rest. Our anger and hatered have been release, cease! ! , And bring peace. Pray to god and ask him above, ''Do you  not  think it is time to spread the love ''. Make yourself proud speak up loud let it be known let the love be shown. Racism needs to end.Racism on it does not have gender or colour or creed
And the Human World of it is surely not in need
The greatness in 'the fair go' the racist seems to miss
there are two things that i fear
one that i could not see
the other i would rather not see
okay okay okay okay
good no good no
love love loveRacism, Racism, Racism
You give a human sorrow and hate
Racism, Racism, Racism
Racist prejudice had blinded the minds of mankind,
Thus forgetting the enormous contributions of one another on this earth;
Is it the colour of my skin or the colour of your skin?
Racial explosives are
more dangerous than
Nuclear Explosives
black holocaust hell
racial hate
venom born of fatethe cold emotion of a species
fuming in rage against God
who allowed colour to appear
Racism
Of my eyes two stream
I had read
Stalking the corridors of life,
Black, frustrated minds
Scream for release
Racism
Eats you up inside.
Plays upon
racism is everywhere
racism is all around you
so lets end racism
Racism
Racism all great foolishness to those that perish,
Black and White,
I'm not a racist, I just don't want, to live with them
What makes you think, they want to live with you,
See, it's them, they are bloody racists,
little jimmy
had a willy
he was rather fond of
The racist cloaks his loathing thoughts
behind deceiving eyes
Those men who once wore hoods and robes
We the black people,
The workin folk
Bus drivers, waiters, garbage men
Water is searching the path—
Lost its way—
We are dancing, laughing,
yes I know what you mean
yes I understand how you feel
yes some events in world history...
racism perpetrated in the name
of past injustices is still racism
racism justified now in the name
reverse racism back lash counter swing
pendulum momentum counter swings
racist evil deeds sow hate bigotry dark seeds
Signs appearing in the middle of an afternoon rush
at Wendy's.
People of all colors, creeds, religions, and races
What happend next after the GOP, cherry noses that indicate popped capillarys
from habitual drinking the Mayor is forced to leave.
Pacing back and forth on state road yellow lines that prisons are paid by to the state
Racism is both systemic and systematic
Racism is a systemic and endemic cancer
Racism is a very painful and odious chancre
Children are born blind to hate and bigotry
With their big smiles and loving ways
They are taught ugliness
I see the sad color of racism not every other day
But every minutes of the day
I see the serious mental and physical damages
Friend,
How long will this
Racism,
How long will the hooligans,
Vandalizers,
Looters,
I was once invited to participate,
In a seminar.
To discuss the effects of racism,
It hides the facts,
And exposes insecurities.
With a remorse,
The racism erases
the beautiful memories
and it believes
They knew of racism and police abuse
And for retalitation the Kellys they had an excuse
Ned and Dan Kelly's sister Kate was raped by a man of the law
Thinking was I of this newest scare
That has stolen away people's dare—
The deadly virus COVID nineteen
আমি প্রায় হতাশ মানুষের মুর্খতা নিয়ে
কেননা আমার চারপাশে জাতিবিদ্বেষ সবখানে রয়েছে ছড়িয়ে
কিন্তু ঐভাবে লোকে যেমন বলে ডাহা অজ্ঞতায় রয়েছে বেহেশতী সঞ্জীবনী
There once was a young, male recruit,
he was smart rather tall, also cute.
At the first interview
In the Human World it does not belong
We do not need racism since it is so wrong
The racists in their ways are so very small
Yes tell me it is not called the third world!
It is called the developing world? Developing?
Yes tell me it is not rich people exploiting the poor!
Weeding,
whispered the Great Spirit,
is plant racism.Racism finds no home
in the heart
of an enlightened soul.
Righteous habitation! !
Following after righteous laws;
Able to overcome and, to help others!
Instruct,
Teach,
Sheaf! !
A dark cloud of rain
drifted into my life
And for some time,
I want to fall on you like rain
upon a wildflower
Opening new reason from you
Open the window, and let the air
Freshly blow upon face and hair,
And fill the room, as it fills the night,
Rain-days are funny
Funnier, rain-nights
The sky assumes
The tree tops are Dead
and so are the Roots
It's the rain they Dread
From true rain
Drought floats, beyond
The fire cloud,
One Chinese lantern,
forgotten when the lawn party
was spoiled by a summer downpour,
THE rain has ceased, and in my room
The sunshine pours an airy flood;
And on the church's dizzy vane
There trudges one to a merry-making
With sturdy swing,
On whom the rain comes down.
The April rain, the April rain,
Comes slanting down in fitful showers,
Then from the furrow shoots the grain,
Let the rain kiss you
Let the rain beat upon your head with silver liquid drops
Let the rain sing you a lullaby
the rain, it comes
down in so many ways
straight, slanted, hurried
Suddenly, from all the green around you,
something-you don't know what-has disappeared;
you feel it creeping closer to the window,
E knew it would rain, for all the morn
A spirit on slender ropes of mist
Was lowering its golden buckets down
Sleep falls, with limpid drops of rain,
Upon the steep cliffs of the town.
Sleep falls; men are at peace again
Beloved, let us once more praise the rain.
Let us discover some new alphabet,
For this, the often praised; and be ourselves,
When I'm lying awake, listening to rain
hammering on the roof,
the phrase comes back to me,
Different
Little different days
Mysteries
He’s written his rules
In invisible ink
She’s thirsty for answers
THEY sing their dearest songs--
He, she, all of them--yea,
Treble and tenor and bass.
Early summer rain--
houses facing the river,
two of them.
What will suffice for a true-love knot? Even the rain?
But he has bought grief's lottery, bought even the rain.
"our glosses / wanting in this world" "Can you remember?"
First winter rain--
even the monkey
seems to want a raincoat.
Oh, Marcia,
I want your long blonde beauty
to be taught in high school,
Let us sit by a hissing steam radiator a winter's day, gray wind pattering frozen raindrops on the window,
And let us talk about milk wagon drivers and grocery delivery boys.
Let us keep our feet in wool slippers and mix hot punches--and talk about mail carriers and
Sitting for what seems hours
listening to the rain
I find myself hypnotized
I thought it would rain today
sky hanging low & threatening
but like a bully w/o balls
The children of men have come to me,
They say to me
'Give us our word for the rain,
In spring rain
a pretty girl
yawning.
When shall it again rain upon
this parched and thirsty land?
Will any come off divining
Like the touch of rain she was
On a man's flesh and hair and eyes
When the joy of walking thus
A slight rain comes, bathed in dawn light.
I hear it among treetop leaves before mist
Arrives. Soon it sprinkles the soil and,
When I wake up my sleepy head
I've got my trousers on in bed
I'm first at the breakfast table
Oh, gray and tender is the rain,
That drips, drips on the pane!
A hundred things come in the door,
885
Our little Kinsmen—after Rain
In plenty may be seen,
Wan white mists upon the sea,
East wind harping mournfully
All the sunken reefs along,
A ROBIN in the morning,
In the morning early,
Sang a song of warning,
Well, I'm listening to the pitter-patter of the rain
Alone in the middle of the night
My ol'heart begins to feel the pain
Rain go away, Rain come here
Friday,19th July 2019
O, dear Lord!
Rain has fallen all the day.
O come among the laden trees:
The leaves lie thick upon the way
How beautiful is the rain!
After the dust and heat,
In the broad and fiery street,
Comes from the dark cloud
That makes a noise loud
Rain, cold rain
Rain on me, my God
Rain on me.
Make me naked.
Now on the hill
The fitful wind is so still
That never a wimpling mist uplifts,
the vultures at the zoo
(all three of them)
sit very quietly in their
Rain passes, washing the face of the mountain.
Clouds come, the mountain's in a dream.
Clouds and rain come and go as they please.
Beautiful river, down from the sky
Beauty, as the clouds do cry
The sacred bringer of all life
a symphony orchestra.Roads not yet glistening, rain slight,
Broken clouds darken after thinning away.
Where they drift, purple cliffs blacken.
Rain, midnight rain, nothing but the wild rain
On this bleak hut, and solitude, and me
Remembering again that I shall die
Suddenly this defeat.
This rain.
The blues gone gray
Sitting in the rain as it falls on my face,
Thinking about making love is a wondrous place.
As the rain falls down my chest,
The rain is raining all around,
It falls on field and tree,
It rains on the umbrellas here,
Rain...Rain...
how sweet and lovely is a water from sky..
Rain..Rain..
Bid adieu to the hot waves
As the cold breeze have set in,
Bringing joy to our minds
POEM IS HIDDEN. CANNOT BE READ WITHOUT THE PERMISSION OF THE AUTHORRain go away, Rain come here
Friday,19th July 2019
O, dear Lord!
Rain, Rain! !
Fall in drops
On the parched earth
Rain, Rain please pour on me
Rain, Rain please set me free
Rain, Rain don't let the sun shine through
Rain, rain, fall today,
Wash away my debts to pay,
Cleanse me of my sins I pray,
Raindrops release sweet musical notes
Pigeons coo from inside their cozy cotes
Swelling rivers play with tethered boatsRain Rain Rain,
Up above from the skies
Youu come,
Rain, torrential rain lashing,
It ran down my neck making my collar
Damp and sticky drippy wet.
Rain, rain, rain
on pain's pane which is shuttered quite.
Though I would that my eye could spy
Rain, Rain, Rain, come again and again,
In the winter, in the summer and in spring,
Come with joy, fall with happiness and go with sorrow,
Rain on tinned roof
Rain on concrete
Rain soaking into sands
At first I couldn't get enough,
Now I just can't make it stop.
No rain in the desert that was rough,
The great light cage has broken up in the air,
freeing, I think, about a million birds
whose wild ascending shadows will not be back,
Night,
and the yellow pleasure of candle-light....
old brown books and the kind, fine face of the clock
Light rain-drops fall and wrinkle the sea,
Then vanish, and die utterly.
One would not know that rain-drops fell
The storm came up so very quick
It couldn't have been quicker.
I should have brought my hat along,
Spring rain
leaking through the roof
dripping from the wasps' nest.
I thought I had forgotten,
But it all came back again
To-night with the first spring thunder
Still falls the Rain---
Dark as the world of man, black as our loss---
Blind as the nineteen hundred and forty nails
You ever had seen summer rain.
It comes like a wild reflection.
It goes like a bird fly away in a yawning sky.
I look above
Hot tears kiss my face
The sky is crying
The common rain had come again
Slanting and colorless, pale and anonymous,
Fainting falling in the first evening
The first rain reminds me
Of the rising summer dust.
The rain doesn't remember the rain of yesteryear.
The fitful alternations of the rain,
When the chill wind, languid as with pain
Of its own heavy moisture, here and there
The snow floats down upon us, mingled with rain...
It eddies around pale lilac lamps, and falls
Down golden-windowed walls.
THE latter rain, it falls in anxious haste
Upon the sun-dried fields and branches bare,
Loosening with searching drops the rigid waste
The melancholy year is dead with rain.
Drop after drop on every branch pursues.
From far away beyond the drizzled flues
The moon still shines like that of ages old,
holding distant secrets like a tale yet to be told,
The sun in all its blinding beauty continues to lend us its rays,
(all my evening sessions
have been set to torches-
the day ends in recession
The rain and the wind, the wind and the rain --
They are with us like a disease:
They worry the heart, they work the brain,
Rain on the green grass,
And rain on the tree,
And rain on the house top,
Rain on the green grass,
And rain on the tree,
And rain on the house top,
All night the sound had
come back again,
and again falls
I hear leaves drinking rain;
I hear rich leaves on top
Giving the poor beneath
In that desolate land and lone,
Where the Big Horn and Yellowstone
Roar down their mountain path,
My books I'd fain cast off, I cannot read,
'Twixt every page my thoughts go stray at large
Down in the meadow, where is richer feed,
There will come soft rain and the smell of the ground,
And swallows circling with their shimmering sound;
And frogs in the pools singing at night,
Thicker than rain-drops on November thorn.I hear the tap . . . , tap . . . , tap . . . ,
of the tropical rain,
way down south . . .
An assortment of coloured umbrellas,
Fending off the rain,
I wonder if those, concealed underneath,
I love the rain,
The way it gracefully falls from the leaves,
To plop soundlessly on an unforgiving ground,
call it the greenhouse effect or whatever
but it just doesn't rain like it used to.
I particularly remember the rains of the
When the rain drops fall on my head
Then I feel the greatness of the nature
When the heat on earth vaporized
WHEN the sun comes after rain
And the bird is in the blue,
The girls go down the lane
You come to me quiet as rain not yet fallen
Afraid of how you might fail yourself your
dress seven summers old is kept open
Rainbow of sunset
Glowing on edge of darkness
Then splashing below
Sun and humming birds
Mingle while rainbows arch high
Drawing eyes skywardas a Child
I picked up shells
and kept in my manor
The sun sinks golden o’er the sea
The stars begin to sparkle bright
Across the sand you walk with me
The golden sun sets o’er the sea
Across the sand you walk with me
The stars begin to fill the skies
A Rainbow is…
An undeniable natural beauty,
Appearing mysteriously,
Leave Behind Drab-Disapproving Crowds
Run In  Rainbow-Mist, A Bright-Prism-Cloud
Where Iridescence Gleams Unbound
She's not the end of my rainbow
she's its beginning-
I am blinded by her colors-
A groan still roars
In the private quarters
Of many slowly healing
Romance
to Bloom
let me wait
Run after a rainbow
and catch it
put the rainbow
If I could place a song in every rainbow
so it could strum its tune in colored melody.
After all the storm clouds rolled away in your life
A timid rainbow
falls from the sky in your eyes
so hesitantlyclouds and is already starting to rain
rainy morning
greyness behind my window
The word goes round Repins,
the murmur goes round Lorenzinis,
at Tattersalls, men look up from sheets of numbers,
Breath  when sheathed by the web of ebbs
I still remember the rainbow by the blue moon
Your ripples when slither by the resonance
You came to me, in confidence,
calling my name, half-teasingly,
but you never said anything more.
At the end of the rainbow
lies our dream of reverie.
At the end of the rainbow
At the end of the rainbow in fable 'tis told
The Leprechaun he hides his bronze pot of gold
And if you should catch him hold on to him tight
The rain drops fall
The sun comes out
And all thats left is a beautiful rainbow
Chasing Rainbow
i am chasing rainbows, this indigo girl
hoping to find in the end
A rainbow does not stay too long,
for everyone to see. So I hurry to
the end of it, to what awaits for me.
I talked to Grammy yesterday
about a girl I know.
Her skin’s a different color
It was childhood enchantment in the form of song
Which first awoke in me, the rainbow-lover
Entranced as ‘Dorothy’ sang of
R.ainbows in the sky reminders of you
A.lways feeling sheltered with the colours shining through
I.n my psyche you are here
Leaving rainbows in my sleep
Only vision softly creeps
Venus slain to rise again
Words can fail like magnets not sticking to the fridge
and we all complain when the rent is due again.
Pay your bills and meet the obligations of
Of the rainbow
With all the colors
Our faces
Gloomy rainbow...
Oh how the pain doesn't seize to grow...
Watching the days go by...
There is a Bow in the Sky
It has all the Colors inside
after every Rain that passes by
Colours of the earth
a pot of gold shining bright
Rainbows given birth.Rainbow oh rainbow
You be in my dreams somehow
Golden spectrum browRainbow, Rainbow
that was her nickname.
A name she had obtained,
I hold the rainbow in my hands
And the colour of the rainbow
Is beautiful
I never touched a Rainbow.
But seen I quite a few...
I've never seen the Dawn's wet grass,
The dhuppatta of the Indian angel
Sprawling over there far in the ether
A half-saree rather arched providential
She woos and coos with all her secrets
Leaving all in her universe own opened sacred
Through ages and eons slowly descending
There’s no such thing as a nice shade of brown
I don’t want a pastel or grey coloured crown
Purple, that’s more like it, and not in tones muted
all my life I lived in grey and black, blue and red.
black was depression
gray was numbness
my rainbow has changed
for it has faded
for now it just many shades of grey
I have a Rainbow Garden
For inside of it you’ll see
Every color you would find
Ah...fallen woman
amongst brambles and nettles
both scratched & stung on your bum &...
194
On this long storm the Rainbow rose—
On this late Morn—the Sun—
Over the rainbow,
a kaleidoscope of colors mingle.
Reflecting the morning sun.
The morning rays of the Sun cling
On the upper bow of the Rainbow
Emerge after a moment ‘s dusk
Play with Rainbow, wear the Rainbow
Ride the Rainbow high and low
Spread the color of Rainbow wherever you go
After the rain, the drops from heaven,
Comes the rainbow, a ray from heaven,
Seven colours fly high together,
I feel like talking
Telling everyone about you
About the love we have both found
Life is like a Rainbow
Every colour gives us energy
Changes our mood
RAINBOW CURLING
I swear and swear me when rainbow curling
In the premises of her love and life delight
Amazing lady you..
like  you has never been..
like him has never seen..
Hazy and misty sky turns (into)   bright
Sun shines faintly in the rain ere long
Lovely girl’s lovely eyes
(Jackson County, Ky)
We liked to go there
dropp down beside its cascading waters
Morning breaks.
Shafts of rainbow's light
flood the stained windows
Rainbow up in the sky
Full of colors to make you smile
After the rain in sightRed, orange, yellow
green, blue, indigo- violet
mystic vision arcs
Gods made me earths rainbow maker
I pour the colors from His paint cans.
He gives us all this beauty after a storm
What wonderful colors surround us
As we enter the summer season
Tiny buds have opened up
Rainbow Rainbow,
Where do you end,
With a pot of money at the end,
Colors of
Rainbow
seven wonders
As the ruby roses blossom
In the inner field of my bosom,
Allow my potpourri of best wishes
Seven colors of rainbow
Looks like a embow
Embow without a vow
Raindrops sparkle any day
Look up the sky for a ray
You may find a rainbow
The stillness
After the storm
Comes into view
Rainbow
I raised the elbow
I have seen the rainbow
Colorful wedding band
From the proud sky
To the blushing earthI know as I look at you out from my window
Tomorrow you retreat back to your shadow
Today stripes of colors brighten my disco
I saw a rainbow silhouette from the sky
I know the reason and its purpose why
God in His infinite goodness and love
Through rainbow tears I see love's true colors
Shining bright amongst them above all others...
Red, Green, Yellow, violet and blue...
If Rainbow Walker wonders how long?
Not long
Time now seems an eternity
If I walk to the end of my rainbow
will there be a pot of gold?
Will rainbow travel be worth
She was like a rainbow
A delight after a storm
Shimmering so elegantly
Josie it´s been a long hard day
Down the road to where it´s at
I must have lost my way
64
Some Rainbow—coming from the Fair!
Some Vision of the World Cashmere—
SPECKLES OF RAINBOW
time yet flies by the shadow
sun still strong by its swanky walks
I can compare the beauty of my life in a rainbow
And I will laugh and day “oh”
‘Cause it’s perfect to have a comparison
The shepherd boy's tattered red kite entangles in the rainbow
And he cries while sitting on the burning earth like a motherless child.
He knows the rainbow is short-lived
A Cowboy, Neath A Rainbow
Rode The Range, Far and Free
Holding Lightning Reins, and A Lasso
Once I saw a rainbow
Over the ocean blue
Encompassed by a shadow
Then on the twenty first
Then let the tangent
Showers of water in tungsten
THERE'S a fabulous story
Full of splendor and glory,
That Arabian legends transcends;
I cry, but the tears dont even stay by my side.
Sometimes I feel like I am all alone, and I have no help fighting of the cold.
But Lord I know you're here, what do I do to break this mold?
somewhere
in the sky
on a moist day
Today I saw a rainbow
with bright colors in the sky.
I couldn’t see its start or end,
97
The rainbow never tells me
That gust and storm are by,
Over the rainbow bluebirds scatter,
Nothing's there to really matter.
A shaft of light born of love,
In the face of the sun are great thunderbolts hurled,
And the storm-clouds have shut out its light;
But a Rainbow of Promise now shines on the world,
After the tempest in the sky
How sweet yon rainbow to the eye!
Come, my Matilda, now while some
I do set my bow in the cloud, and it shall be for a token of a covenant between me and the earth.
Genesis ix. 13.
SOFT falls the mild, reviving shower
The  rainbow appears in the blue sky after the rains,
It is a vista of hope in the dark and pains.
The rainbow comprises of seven colours i.e. vibgyor.
Moist, bright, and green, the landscape laughs around.
Full swell the woods; their every music wakes,
Mix'd in wild concert, with the warbling brooks
The rainbow of colors
So merry and bright
Each color has a purpose
Watch the white dawn gleam,
To the thunder of hidden guns.
I hear the hot shells scream
I love the rainbow with its shades of green and blue,
I love the way the rainbow tells itself to you.
I love the way the rainbow lights up a sunny sky,
let me fly....
Why should I have broken wings? ! ! ! !
My dreams appear there...
I hear you
and feel your touch
on the keyboard each night.
Triumphal arch, that fill'st the sky
When storms prepare to part,
I ask not proud Philosophy
Lord when I look at the Rainbow you have placed in sky so
blue, it reminds me that all your promises are true
Your Rainbow reminds me that those who believe on you
Tides have rushed in and taken
the time that was given to us, it
marched in and captured the very
Oh, if that rainbow up there,
Spanning the sky past the hill,
Slenderly, tenderly fair
she dug a hole
planted some seeds
kept them watered
chinese wedding
two red candles burn
though the night
There you were a sight to behold,
quietly sleeping, in shimmering folds.
No heart to disturb your precious rest,
Did you ever see a barrel of wine
With the ruby red liquid trickling down?
Just the thought of the delicious taste
I have bright red angry screams.
Not within the voice of me.
But in the cuts on my arms.
He was just a little kid
In a kid’s kind of world
Examining the places
74
A Lady red—amid the Hill
Her annual secret keeps!
Your lips are like a southern lily red,
Wet with the soft rain-kisses of the night,
In which the brown bee buries deep its head,
You're in this dream of cotton plants.
You raise a hoe, swing, and the first weeds
Fall with a sigh. You take another step,
O my Luve's like a red, red rose
That's newly sprung in June;
O my Luve's like the melodie
your eyes shine like dawn sky
your smile a field of light grass
tiptoeing in the spring wind
Rest and look at this goddamned wheelbarrow. Whatever
It is. Dogs and crocodiles, sunlamps. Not
For their significance.
A single red rose
lays on a grave,
for someone buried there.
Staring at a single read rose, so much beauty
not as much to be wasted on someone as beautiful
each thorn a reminder, love can hurt
Across the red sky two birds flying,
Flying with drooping wings.
Silent and solitary their ominous flight.
Among the red guns,
In the hearts of soldiers
Running free blood
Captive! Is there a hell to him like this?
A taunt more galling than the Huron's hiss?
He--proud and scornful, he--who laughed at law,
When the king of Egypt,
Let the Israelites go,
God led them not straight
You know Ken Copeland, Ben Hinn, and Joyce Meyer,
Paula White, Eddie Long, and Creflo Dollar,
But do you recall the most tele-evangelist of all,
The Yangtze flows east
Washing away
A thousand ages of great men
Is the Black man’s blood black,
Or the Black Crow’s blood black?
Is the White Man’s blood white,
i  swim in the blood red waves,
not noticing the monster deep within,
i float on the blood red waves,
Sometimes she walks through the village in her
little red dress
all absorbed in restraining herself,
Code Orange Code Red, today these warnings echo throughout our land,
But these warnings just focus our attention on the wickedness of man.
Look and see how we have let sin and immorality prosper in our land,
Red is deep anger that never comes out
Red is believing, and then having doubt.
Red reeks of revenge, of suffering and hate.
Jingle verse enjoy.  In reversed jest
our game is hid - no orchestra in song, -
no signature, as no fit, link, strung strong
I’ll nettle you from behind
I’ll striddle you from the side
I’ll stalk you in the light
Double red daisies, they’re my flowers,
Which nobody else may grow.
In a big quarrelsome house like ours
She stood at the alter
A gown of white she did wear
With a bouquet of red roses
Give me the blood red poppy,
With one black beady eye
Bobbing in the wind
in the new washroom
teaching grandchild to brush teeth
old toothless granny
RED balloon
floating through frames
of Thirties celluloid
I LOVE to be warm by the red fireside,
I love to be wet with rain:
I love to be welcome at lamplit doors,
In a moment of silence
I ponder
Thinking of the pressure that I’m under
595
Like Mighty Foot Lights—burned the Red
At Bases of the Trees—
Walking to Grandma’s house was such a chore
For nymphomaniac Little Red Riding Whore
The woods were boring and devoid of decent men
May …
Our Brothers and Sisters
Enjoy these gifts
Many red devils ran from my heart
And out upon the page,
They were so tiny
MF: your initials hit me
striking hard - blinding
RosesAreRed - that they are
MO CAILIN ALAINN RUA
(My Beautiful Red Haired Girl)
Your hair
Ahhh...you're candy apple red.
You're breakfast in bed.
You're all the nice things that didn't
I have a little red car,
that fits five quite comfortably,
but members of my family
My love is like a red, red rose,
You just call her
And she will come,
Here I write a red poem,
Sophie Tucker red,
'The last of the red hot mama's red'
So beautiful and so fragrant
I'm so proud of them, you see
I've had them for a few years
O bring to me a red, red Rose
A symbol of your love
And bring to me a rainbow soft
I want to be from there
I want to live there when the sun rise
I want to spend my life there
For our white and our excellent nights--for the nights of swift
running,
Fair ranging, far seeing, good hunting, sure cunning!
This harpie with dry red curls
talked openly of her husband,
his impotence, his death, the death
Red flags the reason for pretty flags.
And ribbons.
Ribbons of flags
THE old brown thorn-trees break in two high over Cummen Strand,
Under a bitter black wind that blows from the left hand;
Our courage breaks like an old tree in a black wind and dies,
Red lips are not so red
As the stained stones kissed by the English dead.
Kindness of wooed and wooer
Red is the colour of tomato sauce dripping down the side of your hamburger
Red is the feeling after exercise
Red is the sound of silence
OH HOW I LOVE THE COLOUR RED
Especially dripping from my head,
I SHOULD LIKE TO PAINT WITH IT
i like
red
it dances
(Edited by Heather Burns - Error Free)
I
Viola, I'm the galloping horse in a battle,
(Poet's Word: Dear fellow Amigo! This is a very revolutionary poem which has come from Marina trench of my heart spontaneously - like the flow of brook, when I read lot of novels and real life biographies of comrades, socialists, etc. who were (are)      always immersed in battles of blood for betterment of the poor and down trodden sections of the society in various developing countries.I hope lot of writers read this and write their suggestions, comments and criticism. Wish a happy reading to all the COMRADES!)
I am a trumpeting elephant and high tide,
I am a galloping horse to ride.
Fighting is my Label,
I am a red rebel.........
I am in trouble and in double.
Red, red gold, a kingdom's ransom, child,
To weave thy yellow hair she bade them spin.
At early dawn the gossamer spiders toiled,
Red, red rose, she blew her breath
Fingers, it’s stem she caressed
Then she closed her eyes and breathed the fragrance in
The beauty of this lovely garden,
The beauty of this lonely rose,
Red, Red Rose!
It isn’t hard to image
What exactly she’s doing there
A dingy motel with a
A stem with a reddish bud on,
A crown among the fairest in the sun;
It's the rose you all can see,
Red Rose Red Lips
Red color of red rose match with your soft lips
I want to caress, kiss all the petals with passion
Red Rose,
Red rose,
Where to go
Poets may praise a wattle thatch
Doubtfully waterproof;
Let me uplift my lowly latch
2222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222 22222222222222I'm nervous on the sidewalk,
pacing back and forth
in my ruby red stilletos.
I sit alone, it's all too much,
Why can't i just be dead,
I need to free the hurt inside,
Sitting on the curb
Wondering why she does this-it was her
Pale, skin grave
It is not for them to criticize too minutely the methods the Irish followed, though they might deplore some of their results. During the past few years Ireland had been going through what was tantamount to a revolution. -- EARL SPENCER
Red Earl, and will ye take for guide
The silly camel-birds,
What was the blackest sight to me
Of all that campaign?
A naked woman tied to a tree
Across the Eastern sky has glowed
The flicker of a blood-red dawn,
Once more the clarion cock has crowed,
a ping rings so slight
off our submarine hull
faces go white
The meaning of just one red rose
It's plain for all to see
It is just this, my love for you
The evil demons
Scream inside
Nowhere to run
The fidelity of the day
Runs along the chrome gills
Of her highway,
Closeted I stare at this red door.
Ajar, but as open to me as a vault.
My nightmare is my salvation.
I always saw, I always said
If I were grown and free,
I'd have a gown of reddest red
In the pleasant time of Pentecost,
By the little river Kyll,
I followed the angler's winding path
There was a red-haired man who had no eyes or ears.
Neither did he have any hair, so he was called red-haired theoretically.
He couldn't speak, since he didn't have a mouth. Neither did he have a nose.
Sudden as a mirror, the red house
jumped from behind fluffed trees;
windowed four-square and flat slated
The great thing
is not having
a mind. Feelings:
The red rose wept for long
Upon the autumn sad song
And then recovered from grief
You offer me a red rose
The little prince loved her
I hold her carefully
my rose...
as the red rose in my life you are...
always young...
If I gave 5 birds
each 4 eyes
I would be blind
I love your faces I saw the many years
I drank your milk and filled my mouth
With your home talk, slept in your house
The twilight heavens are flushed with gathering light,
And o'er wet roofs and huddling streets below
Hang with a strange Apocalyptic glow
so much depends
upon
a red wheel
469
The Red—Blaze—is the Morning—
The Violet—is Noon—
When the palefaces came in their whitewing'd canoes,
Long ago, from the sun-rising sea
When they ask'd for a lodge, and we did not refuse
There was something she thought again in his mysterious smile,
She tried to forget him but it was not possible even for a little while
She got out of her bed and walked around in the corridor
He is said to have been the last Red man
In Action. And the Miller is said to have laughed--
If you like to call such a sound a laugh.
(For Alden March)
With drooping sail and pennant
That never a wind may reach,
First, grant me my sense of history:
I did it for posterity,
for kindergarten teachers
This red balloon with broken string is floating into the sky,
I watch it swaying and jerking, as it enters the atmosphere,
Lost sadly to this earth of ours, it now says a last goodbye,
Laid out for dead, let thy last kindness be
With leaves and moss-work for to cover me;
And while the wood-nymphs my cold corpse inter,
A smile on my face - Will never reach my eyes
You see laughs and jokes - they see all the lies
You bleed red and I bleed black
As the years rolled past and his hair turned gray,
He never was lonely again,
For often he caught that fragrance so sweet
Look at the moon
Shining so bright
Look at the sun
Inside the river are
the sky, the cloud, and the sun.
In my hands’ bowl is the river.
The rivers edge
becomes a pledge
Rapids, riptides, undertows
Can’t stop looking at your picture,
hypnotized.
Your beauty a blaze from within.
The sorrow of riverside blossoms inexplicable,
And nowhere to complain -- I've gone half crazy.
I look up our southern neighbor. But my friend in wine
along the river fuji
bright, where a mountain
stands before me tall
Shall we gather at the river,
Where bright angel feet have trod,
With its crystal tide for ever flowing
Because living is a river of ordinary moments,
each moment connected to the next,
there is nowhere we can go to escape
The moon shimmers in green water.
White herons fly through the moonlight.
The young man hears a girl gathering water-chestnuts:
And he showed me a pure River of Water of Life, clear as crystal, proceeding out of the Throne of God and of the Lamb." -- Rev. xxii. 1
Shall we gather at the river
Where bright angel feet have trod;
There is a hill ahead,
And Death is behind the hill;
I urge the horses onward, onward....
Beside the raging river rhyme
poetry florets flower with prose.
Scripted sweet petals grow and entwine
Why hurry little river?
Off to the sea.
All there is to do, tis'sink in blue,
Carrying gentle peace and bliss
Gifted by God for selflessness,
Love you carry for infinite times,
WHEN by the broad stream thou dost dwell,
Oft shallow is its sluggish flood;
Then, when thy fields thou tendest well,
Hot, long lazy days
Sun dazed dragonflies skimming
Light filters through leaves
FLOW on, ye lays so loved, so fair,
On to Oblivion's ocean flow!
May no rapt boy recall you e'er,
By the river I stand
Waves amass together with ease
Along the river banks sand
I was a young man my trade was a deck hand
my first love the clipper the old Rosalea
we sailed from the old town down by the river
Down by the river we did go
hand in hand in a lovers
hold
Hark, the sound of it drawing nearer,
Clink of hobble and brazen bell;
Mark the passage of stalwart shearer,
Do not look for the stones
in water above the mud,
the boat is gone.
forbidden waters
makes one weak
a drowning man
The river does not walk on its
journey struggling to get
to its destination because
blood rushing within
keeps my cold heart beating
keeps me living
Kabul town's by Kabul river --
Blow the bugle, draw the sword --
There I lef' my mate for ever,
I dream of a heaven overlooking the river Nile
The Pyramids at a distance
Fishermen in rickety feluccas
By the river I stand:
Waves amass together
Will ease;
I hear a river thro' the valley wander
Whose water runs, the song alone remaining.
A rainbow stands and summer passes under.Clear Ancor, on whose silver-sanded shore
My soul-shrin'd saint, my fair Idea lies,
O blessed brook, whose milk-white swans adore
Enter this cavern Stranger! the ascent
Is long and steep and toilsome; here awhile
Thou mayest repose thee, from the noontide heat
When the time keeps passing and the world goes round
and the sea is crashing at the cliffs and the sounds
erupting as the seabirds cry, you can watch the river
AS slowly wanders thy forsaken stream,
Wenbeck! the mossy-scatter'd rocks among,
In fancy's ear still making plaintive song
KNOW you the river near to Grez,
A river deep and clear?
Among the lilies all the way,
Koening knew now there was no one on the river.
Entering its brown mouth choking with lilies
and curtained with midges, Koenig poled the shallop
Remember the folks who first came to our shores,
Fleeing from floods, famine, starvation and wars.
Remember they cleared the forests, pushed back the sea.
Toward even when the day leans down,
To kiss the upturned face of night,
Out just beyond the loud-voiced town
FLOW soft RIVER, gently stray,
Still a silent waving tide
O'er thy glitt'ring carpet glide,
Smooth it glides upon its travel,
Here a wimple, there a gleam--
O the clean gravel!
I have to go back
to long ago
back accross
My River runs to thee—
Blue Sea! Wilt welcome me?
My River wait reply—
Oh Jordan River Lord Say Lay My Burdens On Thee
Oh Jordan River down yonder where the
Black sea sings,
Ten miles down Reedy River
A pool of water lies,
And all the year it mirrors
Under the light of the silver moon
We two sat, when our hearts were young;
The night was warm with the breath of June,
I’LL be an otter, and I’ll let you swim
A mate beside me; we will venture down
A deep, dark river, when the sky above
The more we live, more brief appear
Our life's succeeding stages;
A day to childhood seems a year,
Arrows! Against these chain mail
is effective to repel the sharpness
of their flighted points.
The river below us:
nitrogen, phosphorous, petrochemicals,
dioxin from the paper mills,
What do you mean by river?
Is it only mere water?
Is it flood water or dry river?
Let the crows go by hawking their caw and caw.
They have been swimming in midnights of coal mines somewhere.
Let 'em hawk their caw and caw.
MUSKOKA
A stream of tender gladness,
Of filmy sun, and opal tinted skies;
This winter dusk, the wild goose's cry
disappears into the stone cliff:
stillness.Where first by Eden Tree
The Four Great Rivers ran,
To each was appointed a Man
Dear native Brook! wild Streamlet of the West!
How many various-fated years have past,
What happy and what mournful hours, since last
MY love o'er the water bends dreaming;
It glideth and glideth away:
She sees there her own beauty, gleaming
The gulls are mad-in-love with the river,
And the river unveils her face and smiles.
In her sleep-brooding eyes they mirror their shining wings.
We sink into the dust,
Baba and me,
Beneath brush of prickly leaves;
The broad river flows fierce than an ocean.
In front of the longest bridge
Both of us at the two ends and the sign board says
The current of time's river
Will carry off all human deeds
And sink into oblivion
'Twas in the year of 1887, and on the 28th of September,
Which many people of Honan, in China, will long remember;
Especially those that survived the mighty deluge,
I know a green grass path that leaves the field,
And like a running river, winds along
Into a leafy wood where is no throng
There was movement at the station, for the word had passed around
That the colt from old Regret had got away,
And had joined the wild bush horses - he was worth a thousand pound,
and the gulf enters the sea and so forth,
none of them emptying anything,
all of them carrying yesterday
And they shook their sweetness out in their sleep
On the brink of that beautiful stream,
But it wandered along with a wearisome song
Then run along the riverside
upon a time a French King's pride
viewed vast breadth and gentle ripples;
Her gown was simple woven wool,
But, in repayment,
Her body sweet made beautiful
After Li Po
While my hair was still cut straight
across my forehead
In a dream I returned to the river of bees
Five orange trees by the bridge and
Beside two mills my house
As I stood upon the Dean Bridge and viewed the beautiful scenery,
I felt fascinated and my heart was full of glee,
And I exclaimed in an ecstasy of delight,
The more we live, more brief appear
Our life's succeeding stages;
A day to childhood seems a year,
There is a great river this side of Stygia
Before one comes to the first black cataracts
And trees that lack the intelligence of trees.
The river of time keeps on flowing
O'er wishes and dreams gone unknown,
The worst thing is wanting and knowing
The river led me to you though the way was hard and long,
It saw me through adversity and taught me to be strong,
For when the doubts beset me that you would be waiting there,
I watch the river flowing down towards the deep blue sea,
At the end of its winding path I know you wait for me,
Like the mountains and the valleys and the sun up in the sky,
I am a river flowing from God’s sea
Through devious ways. He mapped my course for me;
I cannot change it; mine alone the toil
Down through bare fields and by many a hedgerow the streams from the high country flow
Down to join and swell the big river that into a huge water-way grow
On it's long journey to the ocean it babbles along night and day
In my first sleep
I came to the river
And looked down
The river I have under my tongue,
Unimaginable water, my little boat,
And curtains lowered, let's speak.I came from the sunny valleys
And sought for the open sea,
For I thought in its gray expanses
Today I met a woman
Who died four years ago
She spoke to me for hours
I'M now disposed to give a pretty tale;
Love laughs at what I've sworn and will prevail;
Men, gods, and all, his mighty influence know,
The river sings
A voice rises above
Fairer than the water, rings
follows the river as it bends
along the valley floor,
going the way it must.
The river tumbles onwards to the sea,
And rushes, racing over rocks and stones,
And boulders, branches, pebbles, sand and scree,
The skies are brass and the plains are bare,
Death and ruin are everywhere --
And all that is left of the last year's flood
I
Said the Watcher by the Way
To the young and the unladen,
There is a river we all must cross,
Thousands will pass it tomorrow;
Some will go down to its waters with joy,
Time is not a river
Nor a ticking clock
Nor an hourglass
I wonder if the river gets tired?
It runs and runs but never stops,
It rushes onward toward the sea,
River! that in silence windest
Through the meadows, bright and free,
Till at length thy rest thou findest
Dear native brook! wild streamlet of the West!
How many various-fated years have passed,
What happy and what mournful hours, since last
Fair river! in thy bright, clear flow
Of crystal, wandering water,
Thou art an emblem of the glow
Upon the shaded river bank
Where willows weep on water's edge,
And drape the sympathetic shore
O TWEED! a stranger, that with wand'ring feet
O'er hill and dale has journey'd many a mile,
(If so his weary thoughts he might beguile)
I THOUGHT of Thee, my partner and my guide,
As being pass'd away.--Vain sympathies!
For, backward, Duddon! as I cast my eyes,
i come here to look
for the hearts of the city
and thank God find
Wash of cold river
in a glacial land,
Ionian water,
Where'er the sweetest river flows
I long that land to be my home,
Where I shall walk with my true love
WILD SOCIETY
kingfisher
flash of blue
This is one of my wirdest dreams
Walking by the river thinking things out,
I see a girl crying and one with a pout.
Mills and Boon, Mills and Boon,
ravish me - but not too soon...
Boon and Mills, Boon and Mills,
This I know... I have one!
She is very special
I think she’s beautiful
I cannot explain the way I feel about you
Girl, you're always on my mind
Everytime I often think of you
She watched him from the shadows
Too shy to say 'hi' she was still suffering
From teenage gawkiness and feared
Romance
to Bloom
let me wait
Tempered by the friction, of each others loneliness.
Brightly wooed, in our own glad glorious way.
We chasing each other, along those milky ways.
A sturdy fellow, with a sunburnt face,
And thews and sinews of a giant mould;
A genial mind, that harboured nothing base,—
How does one make the life so romantic?
No problem even if your friends are living beyond Atlantic
There is no distance barrier and one sees directly
He looks at me with a madman's eyes -
It's your house and porch I know so well.
He gives me a kiss with his crimson lips -
She was only ever ‘that girl’,
The one who always awoke instantly from the sound of:
An angry door slamming,
A sombre romance
~
Dying flowers in a vase
The air cold, crisp to the lung
Breath circles skyward bound
Days fall short, shadowed by the night
'Tis now that softening hour
When love hath deepest power,
To stir the fond heart with its dreams of delight;
There were thick leaves above me and around,
And low sweet sighs like those of childhood's sleep,
Amidst their dimness, and a fitful sound
Uh oh! wakin' up from a dream
Wishin you were here with me
Jump up and down, now clap ya hands
The memories embracing me, you see
as beautiful as they might be
they're tearing me apart
Love is pain
So scars remain
Mind and body,
Every once in awhile,
you hear a funny story,
and sometimes you wonder
Yesterday I wrote a joke poem,
Booby Prize Or A Fine Romance,
it told the story of how I met my wife,
Its me you love,
And this I know,
Its him your with,
Multicolored monarch fly,
Flower to flower vie,
Tipples nectar,
As we stood by the lake side
An expanse so wide
For us to see
That man
Is having a
Canadian Romance
There is heaven in rosy looks
Hell lies in gloomy glance
There is sunshine all around
A shot at romance
She was only ever ‘that girl’,
The one who always awoke instantly from the sound of:
Is the Dance Of Romance….,
Sometimes you’re not sure….,
But you must take the chance….,
The definition of love
Is when the woman
You're with
The shock makes me shake……,
When I’m in your embrace…..,
Sends me like a rocket into outer space…..,
BOOK I
A thing of beauty is a joy for ever:
Its loveliness increases; it will never
Sister once of weeds & a dark water that held still
In ditches reflecting the odd,
Abstaining clouds that passed, & kept
So you want a piece of my
Rosy, cushy, juicy pie
I’m afraid, without romance on supply
Life is full of enterprise and romance
It must be tested and understood at once
We are here to prove our worth and excel
She hosed away the grime of time
The garden of love is now quite sublime.
Fresh roses of all colours bloom
Maybe a little romance is needed
Lightening our days in all this grey
To place a smile on our faces
Romance
came at morning
love story without end
It’s February and romance is in the air.
Shops are filled with things to give your lady fair.
Heart shaped items to express I love you
It’s a kamikaze romance
With our hearts strapped in the seats
And we wage a war called Love
Let romance be romance
Every dark night be morning
And love our 2nd chance
Like a lone Arab, old and blind,
Some caravan had left behind,
Who sits beside a ruin'd well,
She is May,
And I am December.
She appeared one day,
I wanted to tell you
how it is that I love you
it used to be so easy
My romance is not hard or odd.
Since I've got it to give.
It's here for you...
669
No Romance sold unto
Could so enthrall a Man
I am truly scared for him,
I am not sure that I would vote for him,
I believe he needs experience,
The lady at the corner wicket
Sold me a stamp, I stooped to lick it,
And on the envelope to stick it;
Radio romance ridicules soul,
soldiers beat is the only motion I know.
The power of pride I will always show,
Dear, you learn by mind
Memoirs of yesterdays
Dear, know me again
Old fashioned movies
With true love to gain
Always remember romance
Beneath the pink horizon of dusk,
Parting words will be spoken
Over my shadowy grave;
Hand blessed hand, caressed.
A blushing rose, her face;
Her breast alive;
Forty words:
Today is such a romantic day
the warmth is simply inspiring,
It started with a little smile
A flirt and bat of the eye
For Elaine saw the man
YOU stood beside the flowers,
Yourself a flower;
And on your face
Feminine...the 'dreamy' kind
every man adores her,
beautiful in summer sun
Romance In Your Pants….,
Most times you can tell….,
With only a glance….,
Romance is dead
It fell to the ground
With a bullet in its head
A glass of cheap vodka tastes just like depression -
It hurts to be sober tonight.
The mirror reflects such a hideous expression
Tracks of rain and light linger in
the spongy greens of a nature whose
flickering mountain--bulging nearer,
a boy and girl walking home from school one day.
girl-so what are we doing tonight
boy-i dont know want to watch a movie
Change is life, though he loves status quo
Unwilling perhaps yet he accepts to bow
Before the authority's command for change
Who will wed the Dowager’s youngest daughter,
The Captain? filled with ale?
He moored his expected boat to a stake in the water
It was Dunois, the young and brave, was bound for Palestine,
But first he made his orisons before Saint Mary's shrine:
'And grant, immortal Queen of Heaven,' was still the Soldierâ€™s prayer;
The pages of the years
Are crying of the same;
Each word - each silent sound reminds of you,
the moon who wrote by candle light,
he whispered low his love, to whom he adored-
in a romantic game of follow the leader
MY Love dwelt in a Northern land.
A gray tower in a forest green
Was hers, and far on either hand
When you are seventeen you aren't really serious.
- One fine evening, you've had enough of beer and lemonade,
And the rowdy cafes with their dazzling lights!
the bud firmly holds
the ecstasy of the kiss,
in fast bloom
Of old, on her terrace at evening
...not here...in some long-gone kingdom
O, folded close to her breast!...
To clasp you now and feel your head close-pressed,
Scented and warm against my beating breast;
To whisper soft and quivering your name,
Romance, who loves to nod and sing,
With drowsy head and folded wing,
Among the green leaves as they shake
We talk forever day and night
Embrace in the insipid moonlight
It’s impossible to deny fate
Yo me estava reposando,
durmiendo como solía.
Recordé, triste, llorando
I WILL make you brooches and toys for your delight
Of bird-song at morning and star-shine at night.
I will make a palace fit for you and me,
Romance the charming wine of love
Emollient lubricant of heart
To incept and pulsate
'Talk of pluck!' pursued the Sailor,
Set at euchre on his elbow,
'I was on the wharf at Charleston,
ROMANCE POINT [2]
esspeecee. …11.10.08.
Lending from
ROMANCE POINT [3]
esspeecee … [12.10.08]
O floral bed
Tipped toe-ly
Dusk droops,
Plays with
ROMANCE POINT [5]
esspeecee …11.06.09.
Why browse
Green, how I want you green.
Green wind. Green branches.
The ship out on the sea
The era of romance, its beginning.
Dice used by the players was startling
In the game of numbers on chess board
Touch of rain drops makes me giggle.
like a lover, it tickle.
and makes me laugh and wiggle
Unlike lingerie that’s strictly for fantasy,
Look beneath at the Secrets.
Lace faces have Faux Vintage.
I'm hopelessly in love, every much a part of you.
I'm hopeless in love, very much apart from you.
I had your heart clenched in my hand,
1903
I watch you as coldly as never,
But can’t keep this pine in my breast,
'On the east coast, towards Tunis, the Moors still preserve the key of their ancestors' houses in Spain; to which country they still express the hopes of one day returning and again planting the crescent on the ancient walls of the Alhambra.'
—Scott's
Travels in Morocco and Algiers.
You rule the kingdom of hopes & dreams
with your tales of romance you carefully weave
And then when it seems there could be no more
I'LL tell you a story ; but pass the 'jack',
And let us make merry to-night, my men.
Aye, those were the days when my beard was black—
There was a young patrolman who
Had large but tender feet;
They always hurt him badly when
The pleasing sweets of spring and summer past,
The falling leaf flies in the sultry blast,
The fields resign their spangling orbs of gold,
The river else doesn’t wholly reign,
But pale-blue ice is drowned now;
And clouds are not blue again,
Parent of golden dreams, Romance!
Auspicious Queen of childish joys,
Who lead'st along, in airy dance,
Thy face is far from this our war,
Our call and counter-cry,
I shall not find Thee quick and kind,
A sapling in a severe drought
what she needs is moisture to survive?
The Ogre shows a goodwill and who crawls
Yesterday afternoon, while I was walking on Worth Street,
A gust of wind blew my hat off.
I swore, petulantly, but somewhat noisily.
A letter to his love:
Meet me tonight by the water of dreams
In the moonlight ~ this is my plea.
She said that one day she might come back
But this is how it's been for years
I walk on tight ropes and stay too close to the glass
She wears a black bar over her eyes so you don't have to see her
Or at least she believes so if she can't see you
And her skin sticks to her clothing, pulsing sweat from the sunlight
Huge amount of intensity,
Physically, emotionally and personally,
Surprisingly, makes more romantic
‘ROMANCE POINT’ [1]
esspeecee … [06.10.08.]
Questing the fragrance
Fun of passionate enjoyment of romantic pleasure between
Two beautifully attractive souls is a great fortune for
Them to experience in the life of human world quite rare!
And where is that poem I sensed in sleep?
It may be caught within a swirling wind and
cannot come to rest, or trapped in the crevice
Dreams and imaginations foster romantic mood
Influenced and inspired by beauty of Nature.
Emotion and sentiments occupy romantic life;
I'd like to write a romantic comedy
in four acts like Will Shakespeare did
Tragedy's not for me, you can see
Sky lamp glints on us
An amorous dusk it was
We're merged with the starsA romantic
Evening
Just
He holds a heart full of romance,
He does not want to miss any chance,
Of displaying his romantic manner,
Sentimental, emotional, great characters love romantic life;
Passionate, engaged and attached they like to live long life;
Fun, entertainment and amusements they have in romance;
Romantic guys
Live according to Nature
Lucky life!
A romantic man
Took his
Girl friend
You come in and sit down while looking around
I tell you don’t be afraid just relax for this is your night
I’ve prepared all day for this one perfect night
Shall I just stand and let the eyes drink,
The wine in the petals is shocking pink,
Inhale your aroma and watch your dance,
A romantic song I dedicate,
To you from my heart's gate,
Tender love is what I want,
A Romantic (Translated)
You can see the house, or what was
A house, there, in the field that was a field
On such a cloudy day why you are far away?
Lightning is writing in sky what I want to say
The cloudy sky is like my gloomy face
A pre marriage courtship is a lovely adventure,
Being attracted to beauty, playing hides and seeks,
Waiting for hours on the road opposite to a bedroom,
Hostel farewell party on the last day of college
All felt much for departing once and for all sure
Moving to different places to embark on working life
The whole world is just
One romantic dramatic comedy
Horror after another
For love…
I will do anything and everything
I will do all  I am capable of
I sat down to write
a romantic poem
confessing I love you.
Why you are searching me
among the lillies
You won't find me in the valleys
After I
Ruminate,
Debate,
she is still a romantic
will love with loyalty
will love with intensity
I'm lost everytime I look into those eyes.
And yet you never let me peer through your disguise.
You leave my heart in disarray.
She has attained the permanence
She dreamed of, where old stones lie sunning.
Untended stalks blow over her
Good imagery in SILENCE
SILENTLY! ! ! ! ! ! !
but
dry sticks in the wind,
how have they made this from your music?
I can't pretend to like them for it.
Ain't givin'
Up on you
Crazy doll
The romantic one is the rarest one
And he is just not like the other folks
You must learn, my dear, how to talk
I get a bit,
Romantic.
I get a bit,
Rizvi who used to teach English
And had been the Principal of
Tilak College, Bareilly, U.P.
Iftikhar Hussain Rizvi is one of those Indian English poets
Of the seventies
Who seek to adhere to and perfect
Born and dead on Avon the same date,23rd April
Romantic playwright Shakespeare none can ignore!
He ever lives in his 32 Plays and 154 Sonnets......!
we could and should write a book about elite family photo fashion albums
it is worth a review those with a gypsy spirit will flush rules down the loo
pursue wealth at cost of love calculated cold reap loss live to heartfelt rue
She said:
'In defense of Love I have only Faith and Necessity to offer;
without Romantic Love I fear the species dies.'
I’ve written this poem to impress you.
Will you give your heart in exchange for a poem?
Perhaps you don’t even know how much you worth!
Poetess is very happy today and in romantic mood
For her love is the only passion and food
She has Chris on hand to go with
On doggerel rime dedicated to you, catch my soul in narcotic romance,
In rash I'll be disjointed; in a flash,  my spirit gratifies in hypnotic trance;
For in my verse I find joy in my voice as you're my Hobson's choice!
Little romantic
I am hasmukh* by name
And can claim
It is a feeling which cannot be explained,
When your mind stops working and your heart is over-strained.
You are in a state of absolute delight,
In a moment it makes me romantic
Remove all sadness and show to be fantastic
The poems are made as my heaven
My heart loves you
My soul loves you
My eyes are missing you
My wife says I'm not romantic,
I don't suppose I am
I think I'm just an average bloke
Lovers love
to smile and dance
as it's the first step to
And this reft house is that the which he built,
Lamented Jack ! And here his malt he pil'd,
Cautious in vain ! These rats that squeak so wild,
After a long time
I have taken my diary
To compose some verses
People are romantic
Friday,15th June 2018
The love has its own way
THERE’S a rare Soul of Poesy which may be
But concentrated by the chastened dreams
Of constant hearts. Where’er the ministry
We become sentimental
And go on the dark side of moral
Why not we think of sunny side?
Candle lights, a bed of petals
A sprinkle of roses
A table with the candles lit
You're eyes are blue,
The Sky is too,
Can love be also,
All dreams of all people are not the same in world life;
Beautiful and best dreams of heart never die very soon;
Combination of heart, mind and soul produce unique dreams;
In a candle lit room
with an open fires glow,
you sit arm in arm
How deep romantic feeling,
Our lives can often change,
A look, a touch and reeling,
She
your dream girl is sexy
man
Your breath
Easy as a sleeping sea
Serenity
Romantic heroine,
In the absence of her,
How to be a romantic?
You told me once
My care is amazing
You enlightened me
Romance is full of challenges to deal with;
Romantic hero and heroine take them well!
Romantic story captures the hearts of youths;
Love is not of minds alone;
Love is not of hearts that yearn;
Love is not of bodies entwined;
Love the heart of all romance,
Must be of the sacred, laughing brook,
It must be of the eternal dance.
Romance is a must for most young hearts
Gestures of love broken in tiny parts
A dozen roses, a chocolate heart,
You and me, we both look like a fire
Every time we look into each other's eyes, the flame goes higher and  higher
Lets hold each other hands to keep the fire alive
inhale a moment
hold it and it holds your breath
till you’ll meet your deathThe opportunity to love is common to all
Adults, the able-bodied, the infirm and children
Who love from the bottom of their hearts in a romantic mall.
The most exciting moments,
The ones the heart loves best,
Those deep romantic moments,
Poets are of romantic nature
They see beautiful colors of future
Every object seems of unique importance
He told me
To be
Romantic
Romantic,
Romantic,
Who is a romantic,
ROMANTIC POET AND MEMORY OF MAGIC REALISM
life still fact of dream small village
in unfinished seas  a sailor can not visit the land
Romantic poet
Sunday, January 14,2018
8: 25 AM
with casual gesture is raising
the goblet overfilled
with the cascade of words
A winsome youth, whose visage bore
A galaxy of pimples on the forehead,
Noticed a girl running ahead
Melancholy heart wavers
Like a sinking ship
From inward disappointment
Romantic Rose,
Rose of love!
Rose of joy,
She said, You have to get me out of here.
Grabbing me close to whisper in my ear.
I realize you're only what I hold dear,
I love writing
With emotional fighting
To add something unusual
You are my whole on my trip,
I love to travel on your ship.
My hope is to reach that land,
essence and colors of twilight
ceased my heart,
yet still I have looped
You've got me on a tightrope and trembling too!
This is not...
Romantic understanding.
Roses are red,
Violets are blue,
they wouldn't be red or blue,
Russian poets are not romantic.
Because nights here are very cold.
And to catch just one moment ecstatic -
That day, God sent her to me
Just for 30 minutes, it is momentary.
Young, charming and lovely
★Sour, Sweet, Bitter Are Romantic Love.
☆Luo Zhihai Lyrics & Translation
Listened to you murmured on the phone.
NICE ONE... ALL IN A PARK
we have a PARK*
adjoining
Do you know who started
Buy two one for free
A guy and woman
Sun who can make nine planets happy
was honored  with the smallest and most far  Pluto
then people think this who worships the sun is lunatic
My heart overflows
With sweet romantic feelings
When I think of youThe romantic hut
Sights holding
As from a bud
When I was young
Bloody hot-blooded
I fancied there could be
Whisper some Shakespeare in my ear.
Maybe a scene from A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Or better yet, copy a sonnet, longhand, complete
There comes a time in everybody's life
When one keeps floating and flowing
In a dreamy
This one is entering her teens,
Ripe for sentimental scenes,
Has picked a gangling unripe male,
The romantic,
How to get myself popular,
You say it,
'Silly girl, listen!'
But she doesn't listen
While the village roofs glisten,
To Robert Penn Warren
You hold your eager head
Too high in the air, you walk
I have looked at them long,
My eyes blur; sourceless light
Keeps them forever young
With a romantic heart I love you
With a knowing soul sincerely care
Meet me at our secret rendezvous
Midnight
peace doth abide
but only in dreams dear
And surgeons disagreed with each other
Dr / Hussam: excise all the tumors
Dr / Salah: treat him by radiotherapy and chemotherapy
A Black Rose,
Glistening in the rain,
A sign, a symbol,
Act IV, scene iii
A cypress-bough and a rose-wreath sweet,
A wedding robe, and a winding-sheet,
O Rose! who dares to name thee?
No longer roseate now, nor soft, nor sweet;
But pale, and hard, and dry, as stubble-wheat,---
It was a little budding rose,
Round like a fairy globe,
And shyly did its leaves unclose
O my Luve's like a red, red rose
That's newly sprung in June;
O my Luve's like the melodie
I'm a disgrace to the life
I lived as a girl—
she would be ashamed
A rose is a rose every day, every night
You too are the same, except different in my sight
You are like a rose, such a beautiful creation
A Rose is a Rose is a Rose
A Rose will I give to you,
A rose bloomed in an arbor,
Sir, can you answer
This question I pose.....
What on this earth is
hold the camera
as the rose's petals
fall
A rose is not designed for heroes
Neither for hardened fellows
A rose for a guy will score a zero
Until tonight they were separate specialties,
different stories, the best of their own worst.
Riding my warm cabin home, I remember Betsy's
THE red rose whispers of passion,
And the white rose breathes of love;
O, the red rose is a falcon,
My little daughter is a tea-rose,
Satin to the touch,
Wine to the lips,
You look like a black rose
in full bloom.
Your pose and the clothes you wear
Consider
a girl who keeps slipping off,
arms limp as old carrots,
Drift upon the breeze
like gentle whispers heard in the wind.
Taking you high through the trees
He
Fill your bowl with roses: the bowl, too, have of crystal.
Sit at the western window. Take the sun
I want more lives in which to love
This world so full of beauty,
I want more days to use the ways
Despite the open window in the room of long absence, the odor of the rose is still linked with the
breath that was there. Once again we are without previous experience, newcomers, in love. The
rose! The field of its ways would dispel even the effrontery of death. No grating stands in the way.
Caress
Wisdom’s
Blushing
Go, lovely rose!
Tell her that wastes her time and me
That now she knows,
Herself a rose, who bore the Rose,
She bore the Rose and felt its thorn.
All loveliness new-born
I rose up at the dawn of day--
`Get thee away! get thee away!
Pray'st thou for riches? Away! away!
616
I rose—because He sank—
I thought it would be opposite—
179
If I could bribe them by a Rose
I'd bring them every flower that grows
I’ll tell you how the sun rose, -
A ribbon at a time.
The steeples swam in amethyst,
La tombe dit à la rose :
- Des pleurs dont l'aube t'arrose
Que fais-tu, fleur des amours ?
If I were a rose and you were a leaf,
the thorns would not grow upon my tree.
You would bask in the glory of beauty spent.
If I were gusty April now,
How I would blow at laughing Rose;
I'd make her ribbons slip their knots,
A flower was offered to me,
Such a flower as May never bore;
But I said 'I've a pretty rose tree,'
No rose that in a garden ever grew,
In Homer's or in Omar's or in mine,
Though buried under centuries of fine
35
Nobody knows this little Rose—
It might a pilgrim be
O gather me the rose, the rose,
While yet in flower we find it,
For summer smiles, but summer goes,
LESTENYT, lordynges, both elde and yinge,
How this rose began to sprynge;
Swych a rose to myn lykynge
Lestenyt, lordynges, both elde and yinge,
How this rose began to sprynge;
Swych a rose to myn lykynge
194
On this long storm the Rainbow rose—
On this late Morn—the Sun—
A single flow'r he sent me, since we met.
All tenderly his messenger he chose;
Deep-hearted, pure, with scented dew still wet -
A rose made of blood
where the thorn cruelly cuts me
blossoms in my palm.
Ah, what avails the sceptred race!
Ah, what the form divine!
What every virtue, every grace!
Rose-cheek'd Laura, come,
Sing thou smoothly with thy beauty's
Silent music, either other
Oh haste while roses bloom below,
Oh haste while pale and bright above
The sun and moon alternate glow,
When they shall close my careless eyes
And look their last upon my face,
I fear that some will say: "her lies
Sweet water-moons, blown into lights
Of flying gold on pool and creek,
And many sounds and many sights
I. -- Red.
Would that my songs might be
What roses make by day and night --
1.
Rose of beauty and fine appearance
And flower of happiness and pleasure,
A saturated meadow,
Sun-shaped and jewel-small,
A circle scarcely wider
Rose, harsh rose,
marred and with stint of petals,
meagre flower, thin,
732
She rose to His Requirement—dropt
The Playthings of Her Life
F Zeus chose us a King of the flowers in his mirth,
He would call to the rose, and would royally crown it;
For the rose, ho, the rose! is the grace of the earth,
XXXII
The first time that the sun rose on thine oath
To love me, I looked forward to the moon
No rose that in a garden ever grew,
In Homer's or in Omar's or in mine,
Though buried under centuries of fine
SWEET PICTURE of Life's chequer'd hour!
Ah, wherefore droop thy blushing head?
Tell me, oh tell me, hap'less flow'r,
You’re really  fearless and want to hunt
You’re really want to make us to teach
You’re really lover of wild
Has summer come without the rose,
Or left the bird behind?
Is the blue changed above thee,
THE angler rose, he took his rod,
He kneeled and made his prayers to God.
The living God sat overhead:
The Rose was sick, and smiling died;
And, being to be sanctified,
About the bed, there sighing stood
The Grave said to the Rose,
"What of the dews of dawn,
Love's flower, what end is theirs?"
That strain again? It seems to tell
Of something like a joy departed;
I love its mourning accents well,
The last rose of summer lingers of a soft fragrance
as the days of summer fade into days only remembered
over the fires embers that stir yesterdays moment.
'O WHICH is the last rose?'
A blossom of no name.
At midnight the snow came;
The meaning of just one red rose
It's plain for all to see
It is just this, my love for you
ALL things uncomely and broken, all things worn out and old,
The cry of a child by the roadway, the creak of a lumbering cart,
The heavy steps of the ploughman, splashing the wintry mould,
If you have seen a richer glow,
Pray, tell me where your roses blow!
Look! coral-leaved! and -- mark these spots
The red rose wept for long
Upon the autumn sad song
And then recovered from grief
You offer me a red rose
The little prince loved her
I hold her carefully
IF I were a bee and you were a rose,
Would you let me in when the gray wind blows?
Would you hold your petals wide apart,
Out of the seething cauldron of my woes,
Where sweets and salt and bitterness I flung;
Where charmed music gathered from my tongue,
The rose is a rose,
And was always a rose.
But the theory now goes
O flower at my window
Why blossom you so fair,
With your green and purple cup
O lesson well and wisely taught
Stay with me to the last,
That all my life may better be
All things uncomely and broken,
All things worn-out and old,
The cry of a child by the roadway,
ROSE of all Roses, Rose of all the World!
The tall thought-woven sails, that flap unfurled
Above the tide of hours, trouble the air,
The moon is now an opening flower,
The sky a cliff of blue.
The moon is now a silver rose;
IF Michael, leader of God's host
When Heaven and Hell are met,
Looked down on you from Heaven's door-post
WHO dreamed that beauty passes like a dream?
For these red lips, with all their mournful pride,
Mournful that no new wonder may betide,
The Rose was given to man for this:
He, sudden seeing it in later years,
Should swift remember Love's first lingering kiss
See, Mignonne, hath not the Rose,
That this morning did unclose
Her purple mantle to the light,
I.
Sweet serene skye-like Flower,
Haste to adorn her Bower :
Beneath my chamber window
Pierrot was singing, singing;
I heard his lute the whole night thru
A ROSE, as fair as ever saw the North,
Grew in a little garden all alone;
A sweeter flower did Nature ne'er put forth,
Did you hear about the rose that grew from a crack in the concrete?
Proving nature's law is wrong it learned to walk with out having feet.
Funny it seems, but by keeping it's dreams, it learned to breathe fresh air.
'O WORDS are lightly spoken,'
Said Pearse to Connolly,
'Maybe a breath of politic words
FAR-OFF, most secret, and inviolate Rose,
Enfold me in my hour of hours; where those
Who sought thee in the Holy Sepulchre,
To sighs of morning air, that froze,-
(With her lips opened for a say),
How curiously has smiled the rose
O Rose, thou art sick!
The invisible worm
That flies in the night,
The wide Pacific waters
And the Atlantic meet.
With cries of joy they mingle,
The white rose and the red rose,
So sisters two were named, yes, named.
The white one was so quiet,
From the depths of the green garden-closes
Where the summer in darkness dozes
Till autumn pluck from his hand
This rose - red, scented, rich, without price  –
is it speaking to me?
I cannot hear what it says. And yet…
Tis the last rose of summer
Left blooming alone;
All her lovely companions
When I laid aside the verses of Mimnermus,
I lived a life of canned heat and raw hands,
alone, not far from my body did I wander,
I.
Sweet serene skye-like flower,
Haste to adorn her bower;
Go, happy Rose, and interwove
With other flowers, bind my Love.
Tell her, too, she must not be
Red Rose, proud Rose, sad Rose of all my days!
Come near me, while I sing the ancient ways:
Cuchulain battling with the bitter tide;
I asked my heart to say
Some word whose worth my love's devoir might pay
Upon my Lady's natal day.
After the movie, when the lights come up,
He takes her powdered hand behind the wings;
She, all in yellow, like a buttercup,
A rose can say I love you and want you to be mine,
A rose can say I thank you for being so very kind,
A rose can say congratulations, whatever the occasion may be,
When the rose is faded,
Memory may still dwell on
Her beauty shadowed,
We could not have counted on it,
those days when we were children young in years
but rich with a thousand hopes
Here comes another year
While the old one goes by
Bringing with it new events
It’s  been  twelve  years  in  this  school
And  memories  reign  in  my  heart.
It’s  now  that  I  feel  you,  miss  you,
Oh no I’m late for school
The alarm woke me up late in the morn
Oh how could this happen?
Where are you, boys and girls
of Miss Lindahl's 5th grade class?
What became of you
I remember my first days at school
How the building seemed so big
I remember where I hung my coat
I remember in the fifties, I stayed for my school dinners
At six sided tables, with six chairs to match
I remember on walls, having all the art class winners
You’re a funny one aren’t you.
A mustachioed cowboy,
And look, a badge too.
Seeds expelled to wander the desert air
Finding refuge in burial soil of a promised land.
An opened petal soon dies;
School Is Not So Cool
School, School, School,
A school is not cool
Prelude to "Stalky & Co."
"Let us now praise famous men"--
Men of little showing--
I come, ye little noisy Crew,
Not long your pastime to prevent;
I heard the blessing which to you
When will the bell ring, and end this weariness?
How long have they tugged the leash, and strained apart
My pack of unruly hounds: I cannot start
I walk through life,
Day-by-day.
Full of never-ending strife,
I WALK through the long schoolroom questioning;
A kind old nun in a white hood replies;
The children learn to cipher and to sing,
I found an old country Cowboy Valentine
that was made so very long ago.
It was signed at the bottom in crayon
at the School of Sternness
there's a class on 'How to Frown'
Ms. Leech doesn't like me
Black holes or big bang
Gravitational forces
Prove you can't have both
On this rolling planet ever have you seen
A home so like a palace waiting for its queen? --
A dwelling place so fair,
I’ll nettle you from behind
I’ll striddle you from the side
I’ll stalk you in the light
Our evergreen school days
will not come back again
From the nursery to high school
A millionbillionwillion miles from home
Waiting for the bell to go. (To go where?)
Why are they all so big, other children?
first day at school
the first real five  hours
away from mom
I am as invisible as the wind...
no one knows me but they know i'm around...
they don't talk to me, they'd rather look at the ground...
early in the morning,
school is calling,
time to hop out of bed,
The boat ploughed on. Now Alcatraz was past
And all the grey waves flamed to red again
At the dead sun's last glimmer. Far and vast
Going to a new school somewhere I never went,
This couldn't happen to me, this I never even dreamt
Thoughts line up in my head,
Did you see them pass to-day, Billy, Kate and Robin,
All astride upon the back of old grey Dobbin?
Jigging, jogging off to school, down the dusty track -
first day at school
the other children look into me
for sign of similar fear
The Dutch are pleasant
too bad that those pretenders
are so pathetic.
The Freshman girl, oh, so shy,
Sits and watches the Sophomore guy,
The Sophomore guy, his head in a whirl,
theres a name thats lost
Maybe someone I never met
Everyone knows them
She was a high school slinger
Six times winner. She's the
dame of all the books that you'd read
I am a young school boy,
With a white shirt and black tie,
I dream to fly high,
I don't want to go into school today; Mum,
I don't feel like school work today.
Oh,  don't make me go to school today, Mum
I sent my child to school today
With his little lunch box
When he came home he said his friend
Still sits the school-house by the road,
A ragged beggar sleeping;
Around it still the sumachs grow,
in school,
when  i  saw  you
i  intuited  i  have  found
Being a translation of the song that was made by a Mohammedan schoolmaster of Bengal Infantry (some time on service at Suakim) when he heard that Kitchener was taking money from the English to build a Madrissa for Hubshees -- or a college for the Sudanese.
Oh Hubshee, carry your shoes in your hand and bow your head on your breast!
This is the message of Kitchener who did not break you in jest.
It's the final day as we all take photographs and say goodbye; a thought goes through my mind.
I may never see any of you again. I don't want to let go of the many memories we have made.
Yet I know that will not happen as the memories we have created have been engraved on my heart and left a deep impression in my mind.
'And has the Sun his flaming chariot driven
Two hundred times around the ring of heaven,
Since Science first, with all her sacred train,
He made a line on the blackboard,
one bold stroke from right to left
diagonally downward and stood back
Oh, it came so fast like a speedy train,
in the month of heavy rain,
when the birds of joy just flew away,
More than half a century ago,
the Monsoon showers had just brought relief from the sweltering summer,
just when I was dreaming of playing soccer whole day outdoors,
It was expected to belong.
A boy who has his sights
aimed high,
I was caught by the principal,
'Hey! What are you doing here?
Don't you know this is a center for children
O the pressures of school
It is so heavy I feel like a mule
Slave everyday
and for a fleeting moment
when viewing each picture
a silent wish quickly expiresI guess we all have old memories
Way back when we were in school
We tried our best to get passing grades
AN old man's thought of School;
An old man, gathering youthful memories and blooms, that youth itself
cannot.
She caught the school bus
every day,
Margaret Kennedy,
You go to school
everyday
just to be told
He never went to school
But he was no fool
He was simply playing Mr Cool
Starting with when i was a kid
when i was not so big
everything was so cool, like soft water in a pool
School, School, School,
A school is not so cool
We're here 5 days a week
School  we need it
school, friends
school you have teachers
School,
Some things you like, Some you hate.
School,
School, it is stressing at times.
Many times I don't even have it on my mind.
School is good, and it is bad, there are times I think that I'm
My poetic side
At full force
Suicidal thoughts
Why do we go to school?
We have to learn
We have to strive harder
The room is cold-
I see the sun shine bright outside
I cannot escape the room's tight hold.
School can be fun...school can be boring
school can bring friends...school can bring enemies
school can bring Kiri...school can bring Jake porter
School is fun,
School is great,
Even if your late.
Before, Vick became my name
Before, Sad thoughts set in
Before, Girls started to say no
School what can i say
School im there like all day
School can be cool at some points
love school very much
! Good child.
I dream about school
school
school is the best
my english teacher rocks
waking up for school,
getting to school going to school,
I used to think school was
one day it was my big day all packed up
but the on dear then i say my worst sight ever
it was school i never went up in a smile ever again
O academic muse that hast for long
Charmed all the world with thy disciples’ song,
As myrtle bushes must give place to trees,
Every school has a name but
school is so lame
school what can I say
Some of your classes might be boring,
But don’t you dare get caught snoring.
Get your homework done,
My teacher asks me to study
Get up early every morning
Time table for each day
end of summer
school bell rings-
empty cereal bowls
I
My child and I hold hands on the way to school,
And when I leave him at the first-grade door
First day we stepped into a school was great-
In uniform with school-bag, looking cute!
We could not walk or run and had a slate;
Stay in school, don't be a fool
A dropout gets left out
A dropout gets pushed out
You know that if there was one thing,
That you could take from school,
It wouldn't be art or math or history,
Up at my school
everyone is different
yet we are treated
School Days
Crazy, boring
Work! Work! Work! Too much work!
When storm-clouds rumble in the sky and June showers come down.
The moist east wind comes marching over the heath to blow its
bagpipes among the bamboos.
It  now is time.
I'll have to tell the world.
And never did I ever
Those school days, when I was a student
Remembering my days with my wonderful teachers
Teaching lessons for us was not difficult for them
O what a joyous joyous day
Is that on which we come
At the recess from school away,
When our semi-conductor
Raised his baton, we sat there
Gaping at Marche Militaire,
See the flying French depart
Like the bees of Bonaparte,
Swarming up with a most venomous vitality.
It was built of bark and poles, and the floor was full of holes
Where each leak in rainy weather made a pool;
And the walls were mostly cracks lined with calico and sacks –
The old school gate still stands here though
The school has long since gone,
It stands amongst the hedgerow now
In old school house yard at Ruby a dark brown shorthorn cow
And leghorn pullets cackling beneath the cypress bough
This school must hold good memories and memories live somehow
In a wild moraine of forgotten books,
On the glacier of years gone by,
As I plied my rake for order's sake,
--Was it for this
That one, the fairest of all Rivers, lov'd
To blend his murmurs with my Nurse's song,
.  Thus far, O Friend! have we, though leaving much
Unvisited, endeavour'd to retrace
My life through its first years, and measured back
Auditæ voces, vagitus et ingens,Infantunque animæ flentes in limine primo. Virg.ADVERTISEMENT
What particulars in Spenser were imagined most proper for the author's imitationon this occasion, are his language, his simplicity, his manner of description,and a peculiar tenderness of sentiment remarkable throughout his works.
Ah me! full sorely is my heart forlorn,
Executioner happy to explain
How his wristwatch works
As he shadows me on the street.
It was a remote village,
A school teacher single,
With boys of assorted age,
When you were born it was an instant love affair
I rocked you, swaddled you, sang to you,
Read to you and walked you round and round
If only you knew how much i love you
if only you cared that i was alive
but theres no way you would care if you knew
This is it everything that you have gone through is now memories.
All of your happy and sad times in high school have now faded.
A new life has begun on your own.
This is it everything that you have gone through us now memories.
All of your happy and sad times in high school have now faded.
A new life has begun on your own.
Yes it's still situated in the same place.
And it's very hard to find.
Surrounding almost changed.
To Ernest Brace
"And when the seven thunders had uttered their voices, I was
about to write: and I heard a voice from heaven saying unto
There are certain things - as, a spider, a ghost,
The income-tax, gout, an umbrella for three -
That I hate, but the thing that I hate the most
By Sidney and Clifford Lanier.
O wish that's vainer than the plash
Of these wave-whimsies on the shore:
We walked beside the sea,
After a day which perished silently
Of its own glory---like the Princess weird
(For one of his own pictures)
Her lute hangs shadowed in the apple-tree,
While flashing fingers weave the sweet-strung spell
A pathetic tale of the sea I will unfold,
Enough to make one's blood run cold;
Concerning four fishermen cast adrift in a dory.
Across the sea, along the shore,
In numbers more and ever more,
From lonely hut and busy town,
AFTER the Sea-Ship--after the whistling winds;
After the white-gray sails, taut to their spars and ropes,
Below, a myriad, myriad waves, hastening, lifting up their necks,
Alone i lay on a wooden raft
Alone i stay in the dark
Alone i pray to survive
Ye sons of Mars, come list to me,
And I will relate to ye
A great and heroic naval fight,
825
An Hour is a Sea
Between a few, and me—
695
As if the Sea should part
And show a further Sea—
When the investing darkness growls,
And deep reverberates to deep;
When keyhole whines and chimney howls,
As night hath stars, more rare than ships
In ocean, faint from pole to pole,
So all the wonder of her lips
'Farewell and adieu' was the burden prevailing
Long since in the chant of a home-faring crew;
And the heart in us echoes, with laughing or wailing,
When I was down beside the sea
A wooden spade they gave to me
To dig the sandy shore.
Beyond the sea, beyond the sea,
My heart is gone, far, far from me;
And ever on its track will flee
Why does the sea moan evermore?
Shut out from heaven it makes its moan,
It frets against the boundary shore;
I started early, took my dog,
And visited the sea;
The mermaids in the basement
Beside an ebbing northern sea
While stars awaken one by one,
We walk together, I and he.
SILENCE deep rules o'er the waters,
Calmly slumb'ring lies the main,
While the sailor views with trouble
My father and mother, two tiny figures,
side by side, facing the clouds that move
in from the Atlantic. August, '33.
Come o'er the sea,
Maiden with me,
Mine through sunshine, storm, and snows;
O HAPPY dames! that may embrace
The fruit of your delight,
Help to bewail the woful case
A man came slowly from the setting sun,
To Emer, raddling raiment in her dun,
And said, "I am that swineherd whom you bid
'Twas a fearful night -- the tempest raved
With loud and wrathful pride,
The storm-king harnessed his lightning steeds,
The pulsing sound
of moving sea;
The ocean surf-
Science, that simple saint, cannot be bothered
Figuring what anything is for:
Enough for her devotions that things are
FAIR Isle at Sea - thy lovely name
Soft in my ear like music came.
That sea I loved, and once or twice
(After Valery)
This hushed surface where the doves parade
Amid the pines vibrates, amid the graves;
All beauty calls you to me, and you seem,
Past twice a thousand miles of shifting sea,
To reach me. You are as the wind I breathe
Nobly, nobly Cape Saint Vincent to the North-west died away;
Sunset ran, one glorious blood-red, reeking into Cadiz Bay;
Bluish 'mid the burning water, full in face Trafalgar lay;
How tuneful is the voice of sea,
What true accord in ocean's murmur,
And in the reed's light, rhythmic tremour
I have loved hours at sea, gray cities,
The fragile secret of a flower,
Music, the making of a poem
IN cabin'd ships, at sea,
The boundless blue on every side expanding,
With whistling winds and music of the waves--the large imperious
In the sea caves
there's a thirst there's a love
there's an ecstasy
SWIFT o'er the bounding deep the VESSEL glides,
Its streamers flutt'ring in the summer gales,
The lofty mast the breezy air derides,
Fair is the castle up on the hill--
Hushaby, sweet my own!
The night is fair, and the waves are still,
Out of the delicate dream of the distance an emerald emerges
Veiled in the violet folds of the air of the sea;
Softly the dream grows awakening -- shimmering white of a city,
You are the moon, dear love, and I the sea:
The tide of hope swells high within my breast,
And hides the rough dark rocks of life’s unrest
Let me stop here. Let me, too, look at nature awhile.
The brilliant blue of the morning sea, of the cloudless sky,
the yellow shore; all lovely,
Oh Sea, why do you deliberately pound the rocks along the bay,
Sending showers of white foam up, in a cascade of spray,
Can you not cease your travels, churning incessantly,
We passed each other, turned and stopped for half an hour, then went our way,
I who make other women smile did not make you--
But no man can move mountains in a day.
It keeps eternal whisperings around
Desolate shores, and with its mighty swell
Gluts twice ten thousand Caverns, till the spell
OR, from that Sea of Time,
Spray, blown by the wind--a double winrow-drift of weeds and shells;
(O little shells, so curious-convolute! so limpid-cold and voiceless!
Over the sea our galleys went,
With cleaving prows in order brave,
To a speeding wind and a bounding wave,
Under the light of the silver moon
We two sat, when our hearts were young;
The night was warm with the breath of June,
You are the ocean, endless
I am but a tiny grain of sand
After being bathed countless times
White caped waves
In the curl of the sea
Smell of the ocean air
The flesh is sad, Alas! and I have read all the books.
Let’s go! Far off. Let’s go! I sense
that the birds, intoxicated, fly
How still,
How strangely still
The water is today,
A city clerk, but gently born and bred;
His wife, an unknown artist's orphan child-
One babe was theirs, a Margaret, three years old:
it was right after your sister's fiancée
died.  i drove to your house in
my dad's cadillac.
A thousand miles beyond this sun-steeped wall
Somewhere the waves creep cool along the sand,
The ebbing tide forsakes the listless land
Tide be runnin' the great world over:
'Twas only last June month I mind that we
Was thinkin' the toss and the call in the breast of the lover
The old moon is tarnished
With smoke of the flood,
The dead leaves are varnished
Amber husk
fluted with gold,
fruit on the sand
Rose, harsh rose,
marred and with stint of petals,
meagre flower, thin,
OUT of the cradle endlessly rocking,
Out of the mocking-bird's throat, the musical shuttle,
Out of the Ninth-month midnight,
On up the sea slant,
On up the horizon,
The ship limps.
A gallant city has been builded far
In the pied heaven,
Bannered with crimson, sentinelled by star
The sea-wash never ends.
The sea-wash repeats, repeats.
Only old songs? Is that all the sea knows?
There dwells a wife by the Northern Gate,
And a wealthy wife is she;
She breeds a breed o' rovin' men
(Capri, Piccola Marina)
Timeless sea breezes,
sea-wind of the night:
When the sun sets over the long blue wave
I spring from my couch of rest,
And I hurtle and boom over leagues of foam
Since brass, nor stone, nor earth, nor boundless sea,
But sad mortality o'ersways their power,
How with this rage shall beauty hold a plea,
You are the daughter of the sea, oregano's first cousin.
Swimmer, your body is pure as the water;
cook, your blood is quick as the soil.
The sea awoke at midnight from its sleep,
And round the pebbly beaches far and wide
I heard the first wave of the rising tide
It is a matter of a black cat
On a bare cliff top in March
Whose eyes anticipate
I
To none the city bends a servile knee;
Purse-proud and scornful, on her heights she stands,
Lo! Death has reared himself a throne
In a strange city lying alone
Far down within the dim West,
The dead child lay in the shroud,
And the widow watched beside;
And her mother slept, and the Channel swept
The earth grows white with harvest; all day long
The sickles gleam, until the darkness weaves
Her web of silence o'er the thankful song
Whilst the moon decks herself in Neptune's glass
And ponders over her image in the sea,
Her cloudy locks smoothing from off her face
From my window I can see,
Where the sandhills dip,
One far glimpse of open sea.
Who hath desired the Sea? -- the sight of salt water unbounded --
The heave and the halt and the hurl and the crash of the comber wind-hounded?
The sleek-barrelled swell before storm, grey, foamless, enormous, and growing --
You will not tame this sea
either by humility or rapture.
But you can laugh
On ear and ear two noises too old to end
Trench—right, the tide that ramps against the shore;
With a flood or a fall, low lull-off or all roar,
HE crawls to the cliff and plays on a brink
Where every eye but his own would shrink;
No music he hears but the billow’s noise,
Where are your monuments, your battles, martyrs?
Where is your tribal memory? Sirs,
in that gray vault. The sea. The sea
THE SEA! the sea! the open sea!
The blue, the fresh, the ever free!
Without a mark, without a bound,
Who lay against the sea, and fled,
Who lightly loved the wave,
Shall never know, when he is dead,
There are certain things -a spider, a ghost,
The income-tax, gout, an umbrella for three -
That I hate, but the thing that I hate the most
I smile o'er the wrinkled blue­
Lo! the sea is fair,
Smooth as the flow of a maiden's hair;
The sea, my mother, is singing to me,
She is singing the old refrain,
Of passion, of love, and of mystery,
Lo, I have loved thee long, long have I yearned and entreated!
Tell me how I may win thee, tell me how I must woo.
Shall I creep to thy white feet, in guise of a humble lover ?
The sea took pity: it interposed with doom:
‘I have tall daughters dear that heed my hand:
Let Winter wed one, sow them in her womb,
There dwells a wife by the Northern Gate,
And a wealthy wife is she;
She breeds a breed o' rovin' men
Shades of green and aqua blue
The sea painted a thousand hues
Beneath thundering ocean wave
The sea awoke at midnight from its sleep,
And round the pebbly beaches far and wide
I heard the first wave of the rising tide
These sea slugs,
they just don't seem
Japanese.
Friend of my chamber--O thou spiral shell
That murmurest of the ever-murmuring sea!
Repeating with eternal constancy
When in the large compartment,
Everyone was seated.
And all the luggage  loaded,
SHALL I thus ever long, and be no whit the neare?
And shall I still complain to thee, the which me will not hear?
Alas! say nay! say nay! and be no more so dumb,
"What says the sea, little shell?
What says the sea?
Long has our brother been silent to us,
With ships the sea was sprinkled far and nigh,
Like stars in heaven, and joyously it showed;
Some lying fast at anchor in the road,
WITH ships the sea was sprinkled far and nigh,
Like stars in heaven, and joyously it showed;
Some lying fast at anchor in the road,
The sea is never still.
It pounds on the shore
Restless as a young heart,
Candlelight. Always candlelight
We smile at the delicate eccentricity of our Friday folly
Our working week worked, still you court reflections.
It's very hard to pronounce and the prince's name is Legerdemain.
His patchy wallet contains a picture of Madonna and full of rubbish.
He is not a cherub it seems.
Only an ugly silver bullet                                               Can kill a pretty soul because                                         The other nasty bullets don't kill,                                       Only a silver bullet can perish                                            An innocent soul somewhere on earth,                                     Only a superstitious silver bullet                                          Can turn a sweet soul into a deadly one,                                 Only a bitter death comes with the silver                                 Bullet anytime, anywhere, and everywhere,                                 All other bullets are rusty and fake except                               The silver one which kills immediately an                                  Innocent refugee or an innocent soul somewhere, and                      In a word, a nasty silver bullet can turn the                                Good soul into a dead soul immediately anywhere.The milk has the hidden butter,
And this is a known factor,
But only when it's churned,
the silver platter is what your family gives you
your father makes it and you mother polishes it
and you are given what you need
She'd sent me stars, two handfuls in that myst'ry package.
And when I opened  to unpack they came like swarms
of silver insects, bright and ready to invade.
for my  former housemates who are now in their chosen fields,
ka roland barce, michael, gary, ka noel plaza, ka jerry ablon, ka joel salas, ka elmer balatayo.ka dongdong falcon, ka reverend romulo villanon, ka jun batto amd bonsing (deceased)
Stillness made peculiar in this avenue
An everywhere of silver,
With ropes of sand
To keep it from effacing
884
As Everywhere of Silver
With Ropes of Sand
I am standing in the cemetery at Byrds, Texas.
What did Judy say? 'God-forsaken is beautiful, too.'
A very old man who has cancer on his face and takes
Margaret Daalman,52, a woman that is Dutch,
Margaret, outside her insatiable appetite, she didn't complain to much.
Ms. Daalman had an unusual  craving for many utensils.
Those were the days of toil, turmoil;
Those were the years of learning joy;
Those were the times of challenges;
If the days are long and dark is the night, it is not worth crying
For, Every Cloud has a Silver Lining
If the faith is low, making you low
There is darkness all around,
It’s only silence no sound,
In the black it looks like,
The new trend is misery
The new look, reeks of despair...
The life-size Barbie doll
You met me
and I had given up.
You met me
Sail on silver waves,
Reflecting purest of thoughts
- Summer be fruitful!I heard youth's silver clarion call to Fate,
And looking forth beheld his flower-fair face,
Framed in his shining helmet as he sat
It leaves behind
Impression so kind
To bear in heart
In time of silver rain
The earth puts forth new life again,
Green grasses grow
When thou dost eat from off this plate,
I charge thee be thou temperate;
Unto thine elders at the board
My hair is laced with silver now
For time has seized my youth
I’ve lost the count of seasons passed -
I am a Phantom of the opera
My breeze it unties the air
I have blue whispered vison's
If I were a nickel
Then I would like to be a dime
That could rise up to be a quarter
Mother's hair has turned to silver
Her skin is all wrinkled and cold
But i'd never trade my mother
Just look at that sweet thang
wearing that tight silver wrap!
At a table nearby, he sat, inhaling
Parliamentary democracy is shield to cheat
With smile on face when they collectively meet
Countless hours are wasted on stalling the business
Not in a silver casket cool with pearls
Or rich with red corundum or with blue,
Locked, and the key withheld, as other girls
THE dark hour turns so slowly and so sweet,
The last still hour soft-fallen from the stars.
To-morrow I may kneel and touch thy feet,
The look in your eyes, often tries
And succeeds in showing
you care
Somewhere over the rainbow
beyond the naked eye. There's
a place one day my soul shall go.
The well is full
but it not  overflows
a draining mechanism
A quarter century has gone,
Since we had become medicos!
We can't believe the fleeting time
Smile spread across features
As love traces a pathway
Finding itself inside my heart
Silence adrift with golden sunset.
Fallen shadows cast upon mankind.
Silent hopes and dreams of reality.
Silver coins piled on the table
just enough to get him through
nights of sleeping in the stable
Silver Cup!
In the land of your muse;
Life!
When you fall in love with love
your heart and soul will tell you true,
and if you wear your silver earrings
gold gold is the fever metal
for the love of gold shining in their eyes
men resort to violent base morals
I closed the door to my heart
threw the silver little key
into the great big rapied waves
Silver Kisses of Moonlight
Chase The Shadows From Your Face
All Around Is Darkness
Across the silver lake of dreams,
a malevolent pixie sits,
with rod in hand,
In the dark
Dark clouds and tides
Revolving round
Nothing should be remembered
If that was not offered
Nothing should be thought over
Sky was studded with dark clouds,
Rushing all over with big sounds,
Impeded danger of heavy down pour,
They say every cloud
has a silver lining
and every true friend
Master Cat's
slimy
silver maya -
Silver mid- night moon
At the window with som- spoon
Oh! Her touch a boon!
Shimmering orb of mystic light
Flowing energy into me
My earthly spirit to take flight
My Lady comes to me in lucid dreams
Just as the mantle clock chimes midnight
She wears a gown of silver moonbeams
A man was crucified. He came to the city a stranger,
was accused, and nailed to a cross. He lingered hanging.
Laughed at the crowd. "The nails are iron," he
I cannot think anymore, as happy as if’
I were with a woman, in the banking of the
Higher earths, amidst the alabaster aspens,
Silver is silver in colour.Slowly, silently, now the moon
Walks the night in her silver shoon;
This way, and that, she peers, and sees
Silver things are pretty things
they fill us with such delight.
Like the tinsel on a Christmas tree
Forty words:
We have seen the rapeseed yellow
beneath an azure sky.
managers producers
editors slicing waste scenes
Marilyn Monroe takes
The Buddha
Illuminated
Or she has the illuminations
The goddess of white silver
On long slabs of stones
Reflection of light
Layers and layers
Silk slipping
From legs
Make and remake
Heart lines
On the soft sands
Thus that contemplation
Led
To the discovery
From the large eye
The sun through rays
Peeped
Stylized
Draped and dressed
Half nude
Reflection in black and white
Across the wall
In the crevices
Legs on the bare wall
Dreaming hard long
Butterflies leaving
Within the silver shadows
are locked our golden dreams
waiting patiently for us
Sometimes when the night is falling.
I can hear them softly calling.
Come and dance the night away
A night I will commit
A most ungodly thing
I will commit suicide
I bought a pair of silver sneakers
So I could run on God's golden road.
The laces were spun of shinny silver thread
Silver spoon, or no food on the spoon,
Well to do, or merciless goon?
Noon day sun, or midnight gloom,
Moonlight shatters
The crystals disperse
Flakes of winter
Everywhere you go
and no matter what you do,
you will find a silver-tongued devil
My silver tongued harlot,
Lie your lieing tongue upon mine,
let our tongues dance be revered,
Sometimes our destiny
rides the silver trail to nowhere,
and then we find ourselves
Silver Wedding
The party is over and I sit among
The flotsam that its passing leaves,
DO you know how the dream looms? how if summer misses one of us the two of us miss summer-
Summer when the lungs of the earth take a long breath for the change to low contralto singing mornings when the green corn leaves first break through the black loam-
And another long breath for the silver soprano melody of the moon songs in the light nights when the earth is lighter than a feather, the iron mountains lighter than a goose down-
I ofetn ly awake and wonder
while outside the stars are shining
well, on this earth someone sure loves me
As from the darkening gloom a silver dove
Upsoars, and darts into the eastern light,
On pinions that nought moves but pure delight,
You can say words that                                                     Can make people very happy and                                             You can say words that can make                                          Some people very upset,                                                What you say reflects your pretty                                         Thoughts or your ugly thoughts,                                         People judge you depending on what                                         You utter at a certain time,                                             If you say pretty words anytime, then                                       Your words are reflected in the mirror of life                             Otherwise all your words are nonsensical,                                 Words can win hearts and minds and at the                                  Same time can lead to bad things, so                                    What you utter reflects a pretty thing or                                       An ugly thing anytime and anywhere.Well,—it was two days after my husband died—
Two days!  And the earth still raw above him.
And I was sweeping the carpet in their hall.
HOLY Lord Jesus, Thou wilt search till Thou find
This lost piece of silver,--this treasure enshrined
In casket or bosom, once of such store;
The moon in silver glory shone,
And not a cloud in sight;
When suddenly a shade begun
They bade you softly,
They bade you so -
'Do not go, do not go, '
"Come, rest with me now, my silver horn!
My melodious joy, my silver horn!
These many long years my constant friend,
To James First Bishop of Shrewsbury on the 25th Year of his Episcopate July 28. 1876
1
Though no high-hung bells or din
The nights have grown cool again, like the nights
Of early spring, and quiet again. Will
Speech disturb you? We're
Tho' youth may boast the curls that flow,
In sunny waves of auburn glow;
As graceful on thy hoary head,
The silver moon is set;
The Pleiades are gone;
Half the long night is spent, and yet
These are twelve rose buds
in the bouquet
I give to you.
The silver rings that bind the hearts
I'd rather have one true love
Than a thousand sweet words
The silver swan, who living had no note,
When death approach'd, unlock'd her silent throat;
Leaning her breast against the reedy shore,
Relating to the silver valley here is not my
cup of tea, I dont welcome the excess bagage
that mother of nature has given me
The spider holds a Silver Ball
In unperceived Hands--
And dancing softly to Himself
The spider knits its silver web,
In hope to seize a falling star,
While all the while the moon does ebb,
THIRTY PIECES OF SILVER
Those early Roman days, were not much
different,
A glorious city spired gleams up there
With mountain ranges, silver peaks background
The wayfarer much wonder-struck does stare
Colors, colors everywhere
Colors all around
Reds and purples and blues are there
He not only listens but pays
Complete attention with silver rays
Make your path smooth and easy
Do we have any option?
To play the part in relation
The role assigned is unknown
She always likes to annoy me
And says I am very sweet
She keeps giving me kisses
The ocean breeze with it's special aroma permeated the air.
I felt lonely, empty, my sister's ashes now flow there.
In my mind's eye, I saw her face and beautiful golden hair.
When we talked yesterday
your pain was so apparent
even though
I'm glad I have a sister
and happy you're the one
that fills my life with laughter,
A sister is your guardian angel if she's older,
and your constant shadow if she's younger.
She's your best friend in all your endevours.
I will always love you no matter what
There is just that bond that can't be cut
Though we sometimes fight with each other
Go, go, my naughty girl, and kiss
Your little sister dear;
I must not have such things as this,
Abuse
He was little at the time,
She was only a child,
You say he broke your heart and you can’t go on?
You cry all day and night until you think you’re going to drown?
Well, stop your sniffling sister,
The shorn moon trembling indistinct on her path,
Frail as a scar upon the pale blue sky,
Draws towards the downward slope: some sorrow hath
"SISTER, sister, go to bed!
Go and rest your weary head."
Thus the prudent brother said.
men-
they like to see us smile
no doubt
I went toa Catholic school named St. Florian High School.
The school was under the authority of the Felician Nuns.
All the nuns carried the same middle name, Mary.
You tell me that you need to know
how I truly feel
How can I possibly tell you that
Sister is
Not only
Sister...
Your radiant smile brought sunshine in my life
your thoughtfulness exceeded all expectations
I am lost without you like the babes in the forest
5 half-moons rising
on the hand that strokes my hair
bracelets like music
Sister
Do I dare to compare your love
To the lighthouse engulfed in fog
Someone who will understand
Who knows the way I feel
In every situation
I can no longer tell people that I have a little sister,
Now I must say that I have a younger sister,
Because you’re old enough to no longer be a ‘little sister’,
Hold on to your sister
She is a part of you.
Hold on to your sister
Hold on to your sister
She is a part of you.
Hold on to your sister
Being schooled in Parochial Catholic Schools I find it hard to imagine,
The thought of that I had would be nude on FACEBOOK.
It’s been,
I’m ever so numb
So why cant you see
That not only do I not but now I hate my family
Every Morning,
When i open up my eyes
Love-wrapped whispers greet me.
If you cry my sister,
I am always there to wipe out
Your tickling tears
it is a story,
i always wanted to tell,
Once upon a time, i had a sister,
My name is Olaf Dangelmaier
I am accused to be a liar,
a traitor to the King at that
As I listen to that guitar scream
Sounds ring out my destiny
A stronger power grabs ahold of me
Ba(ar) ck in Hamtramck, which a city surrounded by Detroit,
(Detroit was the place the Nation of Islam was formed) ,
I was perusing my sister’s books;
Mr. Peter & my sister
This poem goes out to Mr. Peter
Who is a friend of my sister
Today, while I sit in my rocking chair to rest
Reminiscing the time that I loved the best,
In my vision I can once more see,
She’s lying on the bed, comatose
No familiar faces around, she could stare
Ironic, there was a smell of calitos
I dedicate this poem to my sister.  who I love so much.
My Dear Sister
You may fall but I have your back
My father buried my sister today
My soul burns red with pain
No longer will I touch her face
Greatness of a person is not measured by riches
Real importance lies in what the heart truly wishes
Accomplishing big things without love is useless
My little sister is
always there when you need her.
My little sister is the
I never met my only sister
Never saw her save in dreams.
Sometimes she dressed in drifting mists,
MY PERFECT SISTER
My perfect sister holds me tight
My perfect sister kisses me goodnight
I love my sister so dear to my heart,
I love my sister even if we are apart.
She does not feel my love for her,
My sister please dont cry
My sister dry your eyes
My sister don't end your life
My sister Laura's bigger than me
And lifts me up quite easily.
I can't lift her, I've tried and tried;
You're the best sister I could have asked for
I pray thanks to god, that he gave you to me
We laugh together, and we cry together
Today, I feel like I've spent all of my life wandering
Waiting for some kind of miracle, for someone or something,
I feel like being a unique child was written in my fate
My sister my sister,
Is not the best.
My sister my sister,
My sister holds me tight
My sister kisses me goodnight
My sister knows when I’m mad
Here, I sit full of gloom
All alone in my very own room
It's enough to make me weep..
Memories shared -
Intense feelings of closeness -
Total honesy -
My sister
She is my sister, not by blood
But rather by love
In Memory of Audrey (wherever she may be)
I remember my sister;
For as the years past we grew.
*Note*
I wrote this poem for my older sister Wendi. I worte it this year for her for Mother's Day. I love you sis! !
*Poem*
My sister always
is not
a good listener.
My sister: helicopter
rescue carrier
floating in sea that others
My sister says i hate her,
she does, she does!
My sister says she hates me,
She has a new sister who writes poetry
A poet I will never be
I am writing this poem as a plea
The anticipation grows each day
To see my little sister appear and say
Carolyn I love you so
Night is my sister, and how deep in love,
How drowned in love and weedily washed ashore,
There to be fretted by the drag and shove
On this thy natal day permit a friend -
A brother - with thy joys his own to blend:
In all gladness he would wish to share
14
One Sister have I in our house,
And one, a hedge away.
She was always  up early before sunrise
Prepared her teaching kit  and some provision
To catch an early ride is a prize
SISTER, awake! close not your eyes!
The day her light discloses,
And the bright morning doth arise
Love
Touch life with the charm of soul
Love as star shines
Cat stands at the fridge,
Cries loudly for milk.
But I've filled her bowl.
Sister
Do I dare to compare your love
To the lighthouse engulfed in fog
Sister, Friend, Why!
Sister, friend, you are so beautiful.
Why do you let him put you down?
"Why did you melt your waxen man
Sister Helen?
To-day is the third since you began."
Sister-in-law has got special position
All liberties but close relation out of question
So much praise showered on her with special mention
WHEN Sister Jane, who had produced a child,
In prayer and penance all her hours beguiled
Her sister-nuns around the lattice pressed;
Sister, my sister
I wish you were I said too carelessly
As I gazed into her face tanned so flawlessly
Sister of mine, please know that I miss you,
As miles seperate us in life as we roam.
I close my eyes and we're still together…
Sister, please hold my hand
As we journey through this land
Together we stand, together we will fall
Sister you are one of the nicest thing that i have,
and the best thing you can be,
Sister you are treasure,
Sister my dear sister I wish that I could see you everyday,
so you can tell me your not alone and heaven is okay,
I need something to help me carry on,
She lived shut in by flowers and trees
And shade of gentle bigotries.
On this side lay the trackless sea,
Sister, sister
save my soul
sister, sister
Sister Sister
My sister is funny
she likes to eat money
'When I received that love which is a face,
When I perceived that face which is a love,
Two voices, like those two old nations, strove
God gave her beauteous body and long hair!
Intelligent, she prayed really hard;
She spoke fluently and looked very fair;
Sweet sister dear
Remember those years
We cried together,
Thank you sister
for being there for me
you were there in my time in need
I wish there were words I can say
what I feel from day to day
Nobody knows what I'd do
As I think about it more and more each day,
It comes clearer to me.
What I feel in my heart is no lie.
Maternity Hospital
Our sister sayeth such and such,
And we must bow to her behests.
The woman I call sister
will always be there
The woman I call sister
The woman I call sister
Is someone who is there
The woman I call sister
Sister, my sister
Why is it that you speak so loud?
Is it your way to be noticed?
Loving Sister: every line
Of your last letter was so fine
With the best mettle, that the grayne
We will not like those men our offerings pay
Who crown the cup, then think they crown the day.
We make no garlands, nor an altar build,
Im sorry for all the mean things I said
Im sorry for ever time I yelled at you.
Im sorry for leaving the house when Im mad.
To my sister on her wedding day
I am happy to say,
You're love is peur for this man hear,
It is the first mild day of March:
Each minute sweeter than before
The redbreast sings from the tall larch
There is a wise lady
Who inspires my life.
This sweet woman
On a stormy night in winter,
When the winds blew cold and wet,
I heard some strains of music
You are my sister
untill the very end
You are my sister
You got my sister pregnant and refused to take responsibility.
You told her it's her problem and now you have to deal with me.
Let's step outside and deal with this like men.
To my sister Julia, who will do great things...
We never had planned this
We never tried.
The strong-girl of our home!
She did the hardest chores;
And helped mother at work,
In the pitch darkness strange things can happen;
But unfortunately nowadays it happens in the daylight too.
* The title quoted from the book ' American Indian myths and legends' selected and edited by Richard Erdoes and Alfonso Ortiz.
A BOAT beneath a sunny sky,
Lingering onward dreamily
In an evening of July --
895
A Cloud withdrew from the Sky
Superior Glory be
We’ve been in the rain so long
That our eyes are sore and red;
When joy is missing,
The sunset was like a fire-sky
That truly lit up my world
Clouds were orange and yellow
A man saw a ball of gold in the sky;
He climbed for it,
And eventually he achieved it --
Threesome was in tie-break from time to time.
You see a slight difference otherwise it's very hard to choose the beauteous.
The triangular trendsetters treble the song of life.
As night comes to pass
over my home, my land,
I find myself here,
No one can own a color; no one can own a cloud.
No one on Earth could ever, I'm glad it's not allowed!
No person owns a person, though some may think they do.
Sky a precocious November-ed
Gray, laced with threads of cadet blue
Dark billowed clouds angled half below
Across the red sky two birds flying,
Flying with drooping wings.
Silent and solitary their ominous flight.
I gaze over the horizon,
I know that Amber is beyond my sky,
Childhood is sadness and grief
awakening sky
touching new believes
where night
Alone
we dance
beside an endless ocean
Closing the car door behind me,
I walked through an intense sunset
toward Radio Shack, a block away.
Birdy, birdy in the sky
Why you do that in my eye
I thought you were my friend so true
Black sails, against a midnight sky,
he buried his heart on an island.
Some day...
Blue sky yesterday
Grey today
Did the blue sky
A second bathroom was built.
The roof had such a tilt.
That a dormer had to be made,
Calm was the even, and clear was the sky,
And the new budding flowers did spring,
When all alone went Amyntas and I
can you own the days and the sky?
can you own the days or do you count the days?
counting the days till pay day till Friday
After the war,
and the forest burned down,
Nothing was left,
Deep sky - deep deep!
What lies out there?
On earth I'll stay and sleep,
It is scribbled along the body
Impossible even to say a word
An alphabet has been stored beneath the ground
As he is said nothing will be the same again
He would be proven to be right
One finds it difficult to appreciate what
Gazing into a starry night,
I see a deep indigo sky
with perfect placement of twinkling light.
Like fire in the sky it is
When the sun sets in the night
Red and yellow engulf the world
Im not so sure he loves me...
Im not so sure i do...
but when im around him...
From sky to sky
I move to search
The lovely notes
God's beautiful sky
you hold the earth in place
your friends surround your beautiful face
Glum is the sky, by night imprisoned,
As over it the dark clouds creep,
Not menacing or wistful is it,
the moon
sits in the sky
as if waiting for day to dawn
autumn
scarlet sky
the maple still greenMoon was
Living in
My heart...
Inky gear with million accessories
The - Wisps of clouds
Charismatic Moon
I will give the sky to you
I will take the picture of the sky using a camera
That is the only way I can do it
The wind was kicking up from the Northwest
Storm clouds gathered to section off the Sun
Intense displays of furious pyrotechnics flashed brilliantly
The sky is crumbling into millions of paper dots
the wind blows in my face
so I duck into my favorite barber shop
Give to me one more kiss.
Impart your spirit on my memory.
Chill my heart with a touch.
Though there are miles between us,
Though the days and the nights may seem long,
Look up to the stars and know,
Looking up to the sky at night,
Why are there no stars shining bright?
Many times I have looked up for any stars light,
sun is dad
spreads love and cheer
with each of his rays
The woman is a nut
She is an indehiscent hard-shelled
One-loculated
O DULL cold northern sky,
O brawling sabbath bells,
O feebly twittering Autumn bird that tells
O sky, my blue sky-
O earth my green earth!
The new light has
Oh fair enough are sky and plain,
But I know fairer far:
Those are as beautiful again
On this day of sky-blue bears
Running across quiet eyelashes,
I divine beyond the blue waters
I must confess that this is my first time
seeing the leaves change in fall.
I laid on my back
When thunderstorms come out to play,
And lightning o'er this earth is seen,
Dense clouds descend in colours grey,
I'd watched the sorrow of the evening sky,
And smelt the sea, and earth, and the warm clover,
And heard the waves, and the seagull's mocking cry.
Do you like the song?
I can't sing alone
Can you play guitar?
I saw the cloud in the morning sky
So I turned to go back inside,
And I said to my wife, ‘It’s a shepherd’s dawn,
Three atoms of Oxygen,
That will make Ozone!
Which is in the Stratosphere,
Cool air, September sky.
My vision bordered by trees,
Dying for the winter-
My little nephew Kevin
is riding on the swing set
Muscling and thumping
Sky and Cloud,
is like a kiss,
together, sometimes gentle or passionate.
I look to the blue sky relaxing in silence
Its sun fed morning and evening showers
Peppered face of rain and summer
My hair is light sky blue,
and my eye's are deep brown.
What does that say to you? ,
Sky, blue sky
so blue and shy
u only appear
In school it had been important to learn
the names of battleships, diseases, museums,
kings, the internal scheme of the squid
Bodies falling from the sky,
like drops of dreams,
like sweet lies.
Fishes parade
across the sky
all shapes
Blue sky,
blue sky.
Looking at you, wishing the day by.
Sky Outside Sky
(Two Pairs of Couplets●Quatrain)
Tracing the flower soul, night in night
The sky holds no problems.
It just holds tears that join with my own.
We’re two separate entities, completely alone.
It was 16 degrees below freezing today.
The sky was blue, bright and vast.
I looked more closely at the sky
Have you observed the sky lately?
Plumes of tabacco grey,
The reds and purples have faded,
Little little
Stars...
Swmming
I opened a letter
But I couldn't read
Up in the sky
The flower of the Alps told the seashell: "You're shining"
The seashell told the sea: "You echo"
The sea told the boat: "You're shuddering"
Sky Star…., so far….., on a peaceful night….,
Blinking…, twinkling…, with a wondrous light…,
Sky Star…., so far…., sparkling so bright….,
Clouds in the sky they are made out of love,
Nature is the artist magnificent;
Everything there, isn't heavy and above,
sunlight bathes in the sky,
morning cleans the stagnant
projections of the mind-
632
The Brain—is wider than the Sky—
For—put them side by side—
632
The Brain—is wider than the Sky—
For—put them side by side—
Between me and the sunset, like a dome
Against the glory of a world on fire,
Now burned a sudden hill,
Let us go out and celebrate
Let us dance, sing
And hug one other
The sky is an immortal tent built by the Sons of Los:
And every space that a man views around his dwelling-place
Standing on his own roof or in his garden on a mount
It is as if white clouds have come to earth.
The sky is falling. Do you mind, my friend?
Moon sheets echo a shining out of time.
Some activity with an addicting done,
Had to purposely afflict them to accept...
Misguided beliefs to condone and not shun,
The sky is low, the clouds are mean,
A travelling flake of snow
Across a barn or through a rut
Here I lie,
Staring at the sky.
Wishing I could sprout wings
The sky is pink
The grass is blue
Up is down
The sky of my sky is the same as yours
And like the dreams of my dreams shall go on
We are the peace keepers and conquistadors
The Sky is like Whoa
The Sea is So Low
But Not The Sky
Black rolls the phantom chimney-smoke
Beneath the wintry moon;
For miles on miles, by sound unbroke,
Look up to the cloudy sky
I can see no stars tonight
Just the silver moon above there
The sun has burst the sky
Because I love you
And the river its banks.
There is another sky,
Ever serene and fair,
And there is another sunshine,
Up with me! up with me into the clouds!
For thy song, Lark, is strong;
Up with me, up with me into the clouds!
To the stars in the sky
I must sing this song,
For they glitter and die
Soon I’ll be transported to the sky, to be with my Lord way up high.
I will be lifted up into the clouds, to join the many victorious crowds.
And together we’ll see the face, of Christ who led us by His Grace.
Let my soul, a shining tree,
Silver branches lift towards thee,
Where on a hallowed winter’s night
Pines against the sky,
Pluming the purple hill;
Pines . . . and I wonder why,
Sitting under the sunset sky
Laying around I wonder why
You value me so much more
Walking in the sky,
A man in strange black garb
Encountered a radiant form.
I reach for the end of day
orange, pink, lavender, gray
and watch it slide out of my
With how sad steps, O Moon, thou climb'st the sky,
"How silently, and with how wan a face!"
Where art thou? Thou so often seen on high
Under the gleaming stars above
For we love live and laughter
sweet heart both you and I
My eyes set their gaze across the horizon
The sun is setting in late fall afternoon
Cold snap in the air as the leaves swirl about
1
ଆକାଶରୁ ଆକାଶ
ଗଜାନନ ମିଶ୍ର
A long, long sleep, a famous sleep
That makes no show for dawn
By strech of limb or stir of lid, --
All you who sleep tonight
Far from the ones you love,
No hand to left or right
Preparing for sleep
heedless of my clothing just
undressing the day.The lateral vibrations caress me,
They leap and caress me,
They work pathetically in my favour,
Bells overbrim with sound
And spread from cupolas
Out through the shaking air
Rising to the surface
of morning altitude
Often the awakening more
Care-charming Sleep, thou easer of all woes,
Brother to Death, sweetly thyself dispose
On this afflicted prince; fall like a cloud
the moon
seems very loud
tonight
In the sky there is nobody asleep. Nobody, nobody.
Nobody is asleep.
The creatures of the moon sniff and prowl about their cabins.
Come, Sleep! O Sleep, the certain knot of peace,
The baiting-place of wit, the balm of woe,
The poor man's wealth, the prisoner's release,
There’s a mirror likeness between those two
shining, youthfully-fledged figures, though
one seems paler than the other and more austere,
XLV
Care-charmer Sleep, son of the sable Night,
Brother to Death, in silent darkness born:
My lungs respond, but there's no air,
As I struggle to survive,
It hurts to know that they don't care,
SISTER Simplicitie,
Sing, sing a song to me,
Sing me to sleep.
Has my heart gone to sleep?
Have the beehives of my dreams
stopped working, the waterwheel
The long day passes with its load of sorrow:
In slumber deep
I lay me down to rest until tomorrow --
Sweet, warm dark of night
pull me in and hold me tight.
Help me fight this awful scourge
Bitterly, England must thou grieve —
Though none of these poor men who died
But did within his soul believe
HOW sleep the brave, who sink to rest
By all their country's wishes blest!
When Spring, with dewy fingers cold,
Teeth of flowers, hairnet of dew,
hands of herbs, you, perfect wet nurse,
prepare the earthly sheets for me
I fellowed sleep who kissed me in the brain,
Let fall the tear of time; the sleeper's eye,
Shifting to light, turned on me like a moon.
I sleep a lot and read St. Thomas Aquinas
Or The Death of God (that's a Protestant book).
To the right the bay as if molten tin,
Last night I wrestled with poetry
As if a lion wrestling with its prey
I sleep poetry
IN midnight sleep, of many a face of anguish,
Of the look at first of the mortally wounded--of that indescribable
look;
Sleep, you ornery rascal,
why is it you elude me?
Like a crush, you tease the senses,
NOT drowsihood and dreams and mere idless,
Nor yet the blessedness of strength regained,
Alone are in what men call sleep. The past,
I see the Four-fold Man, The Humanity in deadly sleep
And its fallen Emanation, the Spectre and its cruel Shadow.
I see the Past, Present and Future existing all at once
Her happy world
A lovely mould
For a scream she gets her food
Let the night sleep
Sleep for ever deep
With the night I sleep
Lie still, sleep becalmed, sufferer with the wound
In the throat, burning and turning. All night afloat
On the silent sea we have heard the sound
I cannot sleep—my nights glide on
In one unbroken thought of thee;
And when the gloomy shades are gone,
Love and Sleep
Lying asleep between the strokes of night
I saw my love lean over my sad bed,
I have laid sorrow to sleep;
Love sleeps.
She who oft made me weep
There was a time when in your face
There dwelt such power, and in your smile
I know not what of magic grace;
When the night comes then your voice calm down
When the moon begin to sail in the sky
then your eyes are closing down to sleep
She fell asleep on Christmas Eve:
At length the long-ungranted shade
Of weary eyelids overweigh'd
Not to sleep all the night long, for pure joy,
Counting no sheep and careless of chimes
Welcoming the dawn confabulation
O sleep, my babe, hear not the rippling wave,
Nor feel the breeze that round thee ling'ring strays
To drink thy balmy breath,
Gentle divinity, how have I merited?
Whither, unfortunate wretch, have I strayed,
Thus of thy bounty to lie disenherited -
On this my pensive pillow, gentle Sleep!
Descend, in all thy downy plumage drest:
Wipe with thy wing these eyes that wake to weep,
Only in sleep I see their faces,
Children I played with when I was a child,
Louise comes back with her brown hair braided,
Ere on my bed my limbs I lay,
It hath not been my use to pray
With moving lips or bended knees ;
Sleep baby sleep
May I sing a lullaby.
I am your mum now.
Sleep, darling
I have a small
daughter called
Sleep flies me like a lover
Too eagerly pursued,
Or like a bird to cover
13
Sleep is supposed to be
By souls of sanity
Sleep my love, sleep.
Rest your head on my breasts
and place yourself into my keep.
I watch you, as you sleep,
the glow, a rosy hue
of Roman cheeks,
Sleep now, O sleep now,
O you unquiet heart!
A voice crying "Sleep now"
Sleep oh blessed sleep,
the place where I can dream,
of all that I do need
Fear no unlicensed entry,
Heed no bombastic talk,
While guards the British Sentry
You said the word that enamors
My hearing. You already forgot. Good.
Sleep peacefully. Your face should
Sleep, when a soul that her own clouds cover
Wails that sorrow should always keep
Watch, nor see in the gloom above her
We brush the other, invisible moon.
Its caves come out and carry us inside.I
slowly the ponderous doors of lead imponderous
pushed by a wedging force unthinking opened
she was a short one
getting fat and she had once been
beautiful and
COME, Sleep, and with thy sweet deceiving
Lock me in delight awhile;
Let some pleasing dreams beguile
I bless the power of this charmed summer night,
I bless its magic and its mystery,
Which in ecstatic visions brings to me
Do you give yourself to me utterly,
Body and no-body, flesh and no-flesh
Not as a fugitive, blindly or bitterly,
Sleep, sleep,
Come my way.
Let me sleep,
Love-cradling Night, lit by the lucent moon,
Most pitiful and mother-hearted Night!
Blest armistice in life's tumultuous fight,
Sleep has not visited me the whole night,
Will the dawn ever come?
O my companion,
In the night of weariness
let me give myself up to sleep without struggle,
resting my trust upon thee.
There was a man who didn't know how to sleep; nodding
off every night into a drab, unprofessional sleep. Sleep that
he'd grown so tired of sleeping.
Come Sleep; O Sleep! the certain knot of peace,
The baiting-place of wit, the balm of woe,
The poor man's wealth, the prisoner's release,
When to oft sleep we give ourselves away,
And in a dream as in a fairy bark
Drift on and on through the enchanted dark
sleep
even  sleep
cannot  close
Sleep! sleep! beauty bright,
Dreaming o'er the joys of night;
Sleep! sleep! in thy sleep
Sleep, sleep, my sweet  one sleep
Let the film of Morpheus come
Like a veiled mist
Sleep, sleep, sleep
And keep
Eyes open
SLEEP
Sleep, sleep, sleep
It’s magnificent and nice,
In the night there are of course the seven wonders
of the world and the greatness tragedy and enchantment.
Forests collide with legendary creatures hiding in thickets.
Who stole sleep from baby's eyes? I must know.
Clasping her pitcher to her waist mother went to fetch water
from the village near by.
Markov took off his boots and, with a deep breath, lay down on the divan.
He felt sleepy but, as soon as he closed his eyes, the desire for sleep immediately passed. Markov opened his eyes and stretched out his hand for a book. But sleep again came over him and, not even reaching the book, Markov lay down and once more closed his eyes. But, the moment his eyes closed, sleepiness left him again and his consciousness became so clear that Markov could solve in his head algebraical problems involving equations with two unknown quantities.
Markov was tormented for quite some time, not knowing what to do: should he sleep or should he liven himself up? Finally, exhausted and thoroughly sick of himself and his room, Markov put on his coat and hat, took his walking cane and went out on to the street. The fresh breeze calmed Makarov down, he became rather more at one with himself and felt like going back home to his room.
When the Sun shines brightly
Don't stay in the cricket field.
You are sick, you don't know
Time to rest our eyes
We visit imagination
Best vacation of mind
Oh! go to sleep, my baby dear,
And I will hold thee on my knee;
Thy mother's in her winding sheet,
Happy in sleep, waking content to languish,
Embracing clouds by night; in daytime, mourn;
All things I loath save her and mine own anguish,
Come Sleep! O Sleep, the certain knot of peace,
The baiting-place of wit, the balm of woe,
The poor man's wealth, the prisoner's release,
All night the cocks crew, under a moon like day,
And I, in the cage of sleep, on a stranger's breast,
Shed tears, like a task not to be put away---
Over the edge of the purple down,
Where the single lamplight gleams,
Know ye the road to the Merciful Town
When we have laid aside our last endeavour,
And said farewell to one or two that weep,
And issued from the house of life for ever,
Ere on my bed my limbs I lay,
It hath not been my use to pray
With moving lips or bended knees ;
Put the sweet thoughts from out thy mind,
The dreams from out thy breast;
No joy for thee--but thou shalt find
It has been so long since I've watched you sleeping;
Watched the blue night descend on your body like a thick blanket.
Sometimes, your hair would cast itself like a net,
When wilt thou wake, O Mother, wake and see -
As one who, held in trance, has laboured long
By vacant rote and prepossession strong -
45
There's something quieter than sleep
Within this inner room!
I would like to sing someone to sleep,
have someone to sit by and be with.
I would like to cradle you and softly sing,
To sleep
perchance to...snore!
I can only dream
O SOFT embalmer of the still midnight!
Shutting, with careful fingers and benign,
Our gloom-pleas'd eyes, embower'd from the light,
MEASURE me out from the fathomless tun
That somewhere or other you keep
In your vasty cellars, O wealthy one,
I would like to watch you sleeping,
which may not happen.
I would like to watch you,
Come, let us to the sunways of the west,
Hasten, while crystal dews the rose-cups fill,
Let us dream dreams again in our blithe quest
I know it must be winter (though I sleep) --
I know it must be winter, for I dream
I dip my bare feet in the running stream,
When against earth a wooden heel
Clicks as loud as stone on steel,
When stone turns flour instead of flakes,
Work, sleep, work, sleep,
Work, sleep, work, sleep,
Work, sleep, work, sleep,
She sleeps as my tired old eyes make love to her....
Her long grey hair frames her gentle face and softly touches
Both of her round and dimpled alabaster colored shoulders
Beside the drowsy streams that creep
Within this island of repose,
Oh, let us rest from cares and woes,
You like to talk in your sleep.
Your dream must be so deep.
You say the words I want to hear.
One night I was in charge of the house
When my parents had gone out side
I was having loads of fun
Something moves in the tall forest grass
the smooth skin shines in the sun
a skin with scales
a snake is bitten by another snake
it is bleeding and leaves and looks for a tree
to take some sap
The voices of our foremothers are not lost;
they're conjoined
as strong as ligaments
Dancing
with you;
a snake charmer
'What other sound could I make
That would work so well? '
Asked the curious rattlesnake.A snake is there,
In that cage,
The snake tries
A Snake In The Grass.
Yesterday I saved a life
In the long grass
A snake is a snake is a snake
He cannot change his scales.
Hypnotic eyes in a clear blue lake,
A snake seizes a mouse
And very easily swallows it
Likewise Almighty is always alert
"You talk of snakes," said Jack the Rat,
"But blow me, one hot summer,
I seen a thing that knocked me flat -
The snake charmer playing the wooden ' been' instrument
And the cobras,
Hooded and hissing
Adam is the man
obedient son of God
placed as the favored one in Paradise
(few days back I saw  A big snake in my dreams, the same snake which was in this poem about to hurt me tomorrow..29/09/09..9am)
THE SNAKE
At the right
Hullo, there Baburam – what have you got in there?
Snakes? Aha – and do you think there’s one that youcould spare
You know, I’d love to have one, but let me tell you this–
Black berrys charm the snake;
And wait for new Comings, by day.
More the pale hands, with each dawn.
when you tire of snakes slithering beside your heals
become a medusa wear in your hair hissing snake fashions
beware snakes that bite seriously impair repeat dates
Blake, talked you of the bright and burning eyes of the tiger
And the Maker making it,
Experimenting with ferocity, brutality and beastiality
People speak a lot about cobra snake
“It is life only at stake” I thought
It harms no one without pretext
I still have your book
And you have my clip
Now I know why you kept asking
Untie the celtic knot
Grasp the sands of time
Feel the power of the
Look,
Dead snake
In my house
I saw you coming gently
with all your slovenliness,
silently crawling
hey!-even snake gourds
become Buddhas-
don't get caught behind!Into the snake's eyes I looked deeply within
I saw not hate or evil or any deadly sin
I saw fear and terror from a creature that wanted to survive
Hitler once brought in a rooster
In parliament his point to pester,
And then one after another
A circle writhing
Smaller and diminishing
Snake makes bad mistakeSnake stalking a frog
Strike! Frog jumps into a pond
Eagle had a feast.Handwriting like a snake
You are more flexible
Full of penetrating power
i have taken
lessons from snakes
and learnt wisdom
What it is in the department,
The academia and the academies
And the people academic,
This snake was eyeing a frog for his lunch
They struck at each other with a crunch
It was a stand off
Little garter snake, asleep in the rue,
Lost in your dreams so sweet.
one often wonders at how you do,
What is that?
That is a snake and
That is a mouse
She was being sarcastic when she said that he was a hunk.
But she really thought that he was a punk.
She thought that he was lower than a snake.
This story of the Rainbow Serpent is an Australian aboriginal legend and I have re-told it, with the best of intentions, for an international audience. I may have made some changes to the story  and I hope my re-telling is true to the spirit of the original versions.
the rainbow snake
see it tickles
burning sun rays in hot summer wither heat land
in desert rainless daily sun rays merciless scold sand
scorpion snake bask among gold sand grains grand
Snakes in the backyards
Makes a lot of problem
Snakes continues the journeys
Snake-charmer, play you the wooden 'been' instrument
In the forest deep and dark,
Playing the music of your rhyhtm
Our Times
And in all Times,
Getting to the bottom
A TRUE TALE.
'Can such things be and overcome us like a summer cloud,
without our special wonder, '-SHAKESPEAR.
Selfishness and stupidity
tend to be our guides
sarcastic deft acridity
The serpent has mingled with my blood
As she devours me, I become her lover
Half lidded eyes closed with numbness
Snake bite
Venom strikes
Into your bloodstream it goes
There were number of snake charmers years before
They came in groups of couples with their baskets
We the children ran behind them for a glimpse
Leave the self alone
The perfumes of your costumes
That still is in the air
winds rose to the sky
dust carried upwards
further darkened clouds
In the grass
a snake is dancing
hide li'l mouse!Giving in to the writing
all else went to hell
The bills stayed unpaid
Snake-fire
is here
With wicked
Mr. Rao was sitting in his front lawn
He looked dull and worried
'I haven't mowed for a month'
We do not know your method...
As of yet, it is unclear
Like a snake in the grass, you move
Beside a pond in main,
High and thin sugarcane.
Under green canes,
Snake of time
Swallowed us nine.
We are nine
Now he was standing on the border.
He heard his own voice say
this deadly option reconsider
Plants precious to my mother-in-law were
to me an oxymoron..things which could demand attention.
She left an unwanted house full of
A snake came to my water-trough
On a hot, hot day, and I in pyjamas for the heat,
To drink there.
You stole all my smiles away,
There will be no more happiness for me,
Just tears and sadness all day.
He glides so swiftly
Back into the grass-
Gives me the courtesy of road
BUT, Snake, you must not come where we abide,
For you would tempt us; we should hear you say:
'Oh, somewhere was a world was cold and spare,
I saw a young snake glide
Out of the mottled shade
And hang, limp on a stone:
Hardly a sound in your world,
Only the repetitious "S".
In your coiled strength,
Sake of love,
Don't shake off the truth when you meet your lover;
Oh Snake River!
Snake
Singing
With songs
The Desert-snake was cornered in a hole,
And flushed out ’live, without a single scratch;
A prisoner now with once a kingly role;
Henry was every morning fed
With a full mess of milk and bread.
One day the boy his breakfast took,
The crane spreads its wings, while the snake coils to strike
Both have great agility, and flamboyance when they fight
The crane hops, the snake slithers
The deer is humble, lovely as God made her
I watch her eyes and think of wonder owned
These strange priests enter the cathedral of woods
Far away in the twilight time
Of every people, in every clime,
Dragons and griffins and monsters dire,
Well, mate, you’ve asked about a fellow
You met to-day, in a black-and-yellow
Chain-gang suit, with a peddler’s pack,
The Eagle and the Snake!
Fighting,
The Eagle winning the Game by,
Poison at the mouth and at the end of
A snake:
Other ways on and out of a canyon that our
It was green, it was shiny, it was long.
What was it? Something was wrong.
Laying still in the sun, it gently hissed
The first snake,
Hoar, boar, soar, roar;
115 metres long to satisfy your muse;
Book
started tale
beginning life story
'Twas just a dog, I tell myself.
An animal like any other-
one gets a new one off the shelf,
In a hot sunny day at a market place
He bends and shakes his weak leg
While blowing the horny pipe.
Tick, tick, tick, echoed the miner's pick
Unleashing the captive from the depths below
The guardian of the treasure's soul
the night fell too soon
and the way I am, I am weak
the way you are; I think you're weak
In the name of love, the lord of our hearts,
Let me to say you a story, it never hurts
Of the galaxy and the solar way,
A snake caught a fish
Then it took the fish ashore
To eat the pond's fish!The snake crept slowly
Through the bush
Until she came upon
The snake charmer of India
Playing the wooden been instrument
And the cobras swaying, dancing.WHITHER dost thou hide from the magic of my flute-call?
In what moonlight-tangled meshes of perfume,
Where the clustering keovas guard the squirrel's slumber,
The snake gourd blossoms.
My throat blocked with phlegm,
I am already a Buddha.It slithers along the ground,
Forked tongue slips side to side,
Some say its Satan,
Oh, what an unbearably beautiful night, spreading warmth and heat!
My mind is excited (the mind with which I play)
As if a dazzling snake...
THE SNAKE
At the right
UNDER SHELF...silence   THERE IN  ABOX
The snake and the apple is a sorry tale to tell,
Adam was wandering in the Garden of Eden,
Feeling bored, for he had been created,
The wooden been music
The snake charmer playing
And the melodies breaking,
Tiny little snake
Not fully awake it crawls
Oh my! Spring is here!
The snake has lost his luster,
As his venom now I see,
Though his movements remain graceful
Green Snake, when I hung you round my neck
and stroked your cold, pulsing throat
as you hissed to me, glinting
Snake River
we twist and turn
to its slithers
SNAKE
Creepy, clammy
Uncoiling, twisting, slithering
For more than seven years
We are habituated
To accept the traitors as
A little girl and a big ugly man
Went down the road. The girl was crying
And asking to go home, but when she ran
Chinese New Year's Eve...
staring at the mirror
long before
A writer
a poet
a scholar
They called you Diablo -
Dank, dark and hissing -
Sherlock asked 'Watson'
Come back home soldier
Throw your gun away,
Your child is waiting for you
If I should die, think only this of me:
That there's some corner of a foreign field
That is for ever England. There shall be
There is a flag on the door, and joy left on the floor,
A woman sobs all day long crying to the tune of an old song
A voice cries “Where is he, Where is he? ”
In his heart he holds courage,
In his hands he holds our lives.
A Brave Soldier he may be, but only at the the front lines.
I can see a soldier's mother
Knitting quietly in the lamplight,
Her precious thoughts are for another
A soldier was ordered into battle to face the foe,
His mind  devoid of sensation - his body numb,
And his rifle fixed with a bayonet in front of him,
As I gasp for breath,
and realize,
I've been hit,
The day when I met you
Your attitude impressed me in my mind and heart
You are known to everyone as a great yesterday
A pauper takes out a notepad from his satchel
And scribble something with a pencil.
Where is the bitter pill that neutralizes the hunger?
I lived my days apart,
Dreaming fair songs for God;
By the glory in my heart
To whom was read "If" aloud
Geared up like in childhood plays
Computer games with deadly assassins
a soldier coming home
he gets off the bus and looks around
families are being reunited
Daymare demons spiral your head.
There is no rest in your soft bed.
Images of death reveal.
Are there currently trials and tribulations in your life?
Where as you’re going through a real hard time right?
You’ve prayed and asked in the name of Jesus Christ,
I was just a man.
I was not cruel or heartless.
I did not live with hate.
Raining hard,
my back hurts,
I’m very cold,
Your Freedom he fights for you to keep
So you will be safe while you sleep
You condem him for being wrong
He is that fallen lance that lies as hurled,
That lies unlifted now, come dew, come rust,
But still lies pointed as it plowed the dust.
I HEAR CRY'S FOR HELP
AND BOMBS EXPLODE,
BUT IM SO FAR AWAY FROM HOME,
A soldier went to Heaven
And stood at the Pearly Gates
And asked himself out loudly
I was a Union soldier.
The battles were long, bloody and tiring.
I often had streaks of blood
ADIEU, O soldier!
You of the rude campaigning, (which we shared,)
The rapid march, the life of the camp,
Soldier in your chair of anger
all alone with your deepest pain.
For the way that people now look at you
What did I do, sonny, in the Great World War?
Well, I learned to peel potatoes and to scrub the barrack floor.
I learned to push a barrow and I learned to swing a pick,
He was a brave soldier he died young and brave
And for more than six decades he lay in his grave
And still at the dawning of each war memorial day
I was born a soldier,
to protect some place,
that was never my own.
Dear, Soldier Boy,
How I miss you so.
I think about you everyday,
Five years ago, he had joined the IMA*
In the prime of his life, he has gone today
He was injured fighting the militants
In the east the morning comes,
Hear the rollin' of the drums
On the hill.
So softly you apply your mask
Your lipstick, pencil and your brush
How holy seems the dress
Girl To A Soldier On Leave
Love! You love me — your eyes
Have looked through death at mine.
God and the soldier
All men adore
In time of trouble,
God and the soldier
All men adore
In time of trouble,
Whether:
Taking a hill
Or a watch when all is still
Back again 'n' nothin' missin' barrin'
arf a hand,
Where an Abdul bit me, chokin' in the Holy
I am a Roman soldier.
I choke on the dust and peer ahead.
There are only more soldiers and more marching.
In a soldier...
Loyalty and strength you see.
In a soldier...
I am a soldier.
Just a soldier, and don’t ask me
What’s the sense
When its late at night
And I am all alone
I look up at the sky
A bayoneted rifle stuck in the ground
with a soldier’s helmet on it
lies as a marker for a solder buried there
Ode to the Fallen soldier,
For he has made the ultimate
Sacrifice for his world.
'Oh! he's nothing but a soldier,'
But he's coming here tonight,
For I saw him pass this morning,
Streets of the roaring town,
Hush for him, hus, be still!
He comes, who was stricken down
1     My shoulders ache beneath my pack
2     (Lie easier, Cross, upon His back).
3     I march with feet that burn and smart
'Twas the night before christmas
in a war over seas
a soldier said a prayer
As I was spittin' into the Ditch aboard o' the ~Crocodile~,
I seed a man on a man-o'-war got up in the Reg'lars' style.
'E was scrapin' the paint from off of 'er plates,
My soldier boy has crossed the sea
To fight the foeman;
But he'll come back to make of me
As the dawn begins to break, I see headlights
The farm is just a ways down the road
I wonder if she knows, I'm coming
Soldier Freddy
was never ready,
But! Soldier Neddy,
Soldier going to the war--
Will you take my heart with you,
So that I may share a little
'Sweetheart, take this,' a soldier said,
'And bid me brave good-by;
It may befall we ne'er shall wed,
God's got an Army, not afraid to fight.
Children of light, wariours of night.
Army, marching through the land!
A tribute to Rhodesia's Soldier Pioneers.
He held Dads medals in his hand,
As they lowered his casket down
The soldier fights for the people,
The soldier fights for good,
The soldier fights against evil.
Soldiers hang around near
borders all around  to save
a nation from intruders,
It's good to feel pain, It lets me know I'm alive.
Roll with the thunder, Know that I'll survive.
March on I'm a soldier, No matter the war.
Soldier, rest! thy warfare o'er,
Sleep the sleep that knows not breaking:
Dream of battled fields no more,
"Soldier, soldier come from the wars,
Why don't you march with my true love?"
"We're fresh from off the ship an' 'e's maybe give the slip,
I love you, great new Titan!
Am I not you?
Napoleon or Caesar
Soldiers fight straight wars
near the boundaries of mother
nation and safeguard humanity
Soldier, wake - the day is peeping,
Honour ne'er was won in sleeping,
Never when the sunbeams still
At the end of yet another week,
weary soldiers are huddled behind church doors,
reminiscing about the recent past with outlook bleak -
A gentle breeze chatters the leaves
as birds sing their greetings.
The sun shines, a day like any other,
Teacher is a soldier with a pen and an eternal guide
Lighting wisdom to mind decayed and white,
Floating tirelessly till dark with no pride,
Hey! My handsome soldier
Your crystallized eyes destined
to be a bachelor in your entire life?
The broken soldier sings and whistles day to dark;
He's but the remnant of a man, maimed and half-blind,
But the soul they could not harm goes singing like the lark,
Life contracts and death is expected,
As in season of autumn.
The soldier falls.
When the grass was closely mown,
Walking on the lawn alone,
In the turf a hole I found
Yes! raise me on your arm, Dick Dale,
My comrade old and true.
And let me of the glad earth take
Fallen Soldier All Alone
Fallen Soldier Far From Home.
Trickling Down His Face A Tear,
I walk with no man, I always walk alone
My soul made of fire and my heart of stone
I have no pain, ignoring all that I feel
I wanted to become a soldier
An army of one
To please my father and excite
Lest the young soldiers be strange in heaven,
God bids the old soldier they all adored
Come to Him and wait for them, clean, new-shriven,
Lady when I left you
Ere I sailed the sea,
Bitterly bereft you
I mind the river from Mount Frome
To Ballanshantie’s Bridge,
The Mudgee Hills, and Buckaroo,
The Militant Soldier Boy
Lies dying. In shame,
His body lies in disgrace,
the soldier fights for the hippys rights to protest against that soldier
the soldier fights for the politions rights to send that soldier to war
the soldier fights for buisness mans rights to make money
Fighting for freedom,
Fall of a valiant soldier
Resting in the Lord
'Deny your God! ' they ringed me with their spears;
Blood-crazed were they, and reeking from the strife;
Hell-hot their hate, and venom-fanged their sneers,
As the silence fell,  the birds began to sing
The soldier tries to stand on his own
As the blood trickles down his arm he looks and he see's
Yes. Why do we áll, seeing of a soldier, bless him? bless
Our redcoats, our tars? Both these being, the greater part,
But frail clay, nay but foul clay. Here it is: the heart,
Home furthest off grows dearer from the way;
And when the army in the Indias lay
Friends' letters coming from his native place
Here in the noisy night
Is his delight.
Where maxims pour
He is that fallen lance that lies as hurled,
That lies unlifted now, come dew, come rust,
But still lies pointed as it ploughed the dust.
There he stands; this broken down man,
His body tired and weak as his feet pierce the sand,
Ten thousand miles from happiness and safety,
the soldier is given the order to run
by the officer 6 miles away
the soldier is killed by a machine gun
War is a battle one cannot win.
Win or lose you are committing a sin
In war there are no victorious winners.
Give me the scorn of the stars and a peak defiant;
Wail of the pines and a wind with the shout of a giant;
Night and a trail unknown and a heart reliant.
There's a graveyard near the White House
Where the Unknown Soldier lies,
And the flowers there are sprinkled
He is known to the sun-white Majesties
Who stand at the gates of dawn.
He is known to the cloud-borne company
I
Dry leaves, soldier, dry leaves, dead leaves;
voices of leaves on the wind that bears them to
When the 'arf-made recruity goes out to the East
'E acts like a babe an' 'e drinks like a beast,
An' 'e wonders because 'e is frequent deceased
Since you were so young, child, I shall
Not fear your noon or even-fall,
Nor dread you are taken unawares,
It is not death
Without hereafter
To one in dearth
I have a toy soldier that sits high up on my shelf,
I'm not allowed to play with him, so he sits there by himself,
He looks so alone, yet so handsome and tall,
To the memory of all who have fallen in war.
At the going down of the sun,
And in the morning …we will remember them
Brave Soldier wounded in Iraq,
Lost his Mate in the same attack.
Sent back home to the NHS;
You're a father, mother, son,
daughter, brother or sister
Yet you are willing to give up
Stay calm soldier
Do not panic
Stay calm soldier
He thinks he’s not, but he’s hot!
Deeply clumsy, dartful smiley eyes… a playful child
The tainted gun, the spilt paint, oh! the tears, the loss
Where the pools are bright and deep,
Where the grey trout lies asleep,
Up the river and over the lea,
What is the song the children sing,
When doorway lilacs bloom in Spring,
And the Schools are loosed, and the games are played
THE angels are stooping
Above your bed;
They weary of trooping
WINE comes in at the mouth
And love comes in at the eye;
That's all we shall know for truth
i{Sung by the people of Faery over Diarmuid and Grania,}
i{in their bridal sleep under a Cromlech.}
WE who are old, old and gay,
Over hill, over dale,
Thorough bush, thorough brier,
Over park, over pale,
I read within a poet's book
A word that starred the page:
"Stone walls do not a prison make,
The line-storm clouds fly tattered and swift,
The road is forlorn all day,
Where a myriad snowy quartz stones lift,
When you, my Dear, are away, away,
How wearily goes the creeping day.
A year drags after morning, and night
Tell me no more of thy love, papeeha,
Wouldst thou recall to my heart, papeeha,
Dreams of delight that are gone,
There are songs for the morning and songs for the night,
For sunrise and sunset, the stars and the moon;
But who will give praise to the fulness of light,
Rome never looks where she treads.
Always her heavy hooves fall
On our stomachs, our hearts or our heads;
(Parvati at her lattice)
O Love! were you a basil-wreath to twine
among my tresses,
THAT which eludes this verse and any verse,
Unheard by sharpest ear, unform'd in clearest eye or cunningest mind,
Nor lore nor fame, nor happiness nor wealth,
Once red ripple came to land
In the golden sunset burning--
Lapped against a maiden's hand,
Prelude to "Stalky & Co."
"Let us now praise famous men"--
Men of little showing--
If you wake at midnight, and hear a horse's feet,
Don't go drawing back the blind, or looking in the street.
Them that ask no questions isn't told a lie.
Ancient Person, for whom I
All the flattering youth defy,
Long be it e'er thou grow old,
"Sleep, weary ones, while ye may --
Sleep, oh, sleep!"
Eugene Field.
The memory of you emerges from the night around me.
The river mingles its stubborn lament with the sea.
Deserted like the wharves at dawn.
A song of Enchantment I sang me there,
In a green-green wood, by waters fair,
Just as the words came up to me
Once, at night, in the manor wood
My Love and I long silent stood,
Amazed that any heavens could
Sherwood in the twilight, is Robin Hood awake?
Grey and ghostly shadows are gliding through the brake,
Shadows of the dappled deer, dreaming of the morn,
Sail fast, sail fast,
Ark of my hopes, Ark of my dreams;
Sweep lordly o'er the drowned Past,
The princess has her lovers,
A score of knights has she,
And each can sing a madrigal,
COME, I will make the continent indissoluble;
I will make the most splendid race the sun ever yet shone upon;
I will make divine magnetic lands,
Sweet dreams, form a shade
O'er my lovely infant's head!
Sweet dreams of pleasant streams
I THOUGHT no more was needed
Youth to polong
Than dumb-bell and foil
Let the snake wait under
his weed
and the writing
Young palmer sun, that to these shining sands
Pourest thy pilgrim's tale, discoursing still
Thy silver passages of sacred lands,
MOTLEY I count the only wear
That suits, in this mixed world, the truly wise,
Who boldly smile upon despair
Prepare, prepare the iron helm of war,
Bring forth the lots, cast in the spacious orb;
Th' Angel of Fate turns them with mighty hands,
Show me the way to the next whisky bar
Oh, don't ask why, oh, don't ask why
Show me the way to the next whisky bar
The hunchèd camels of the night
Trouble the bright
And silver waters of the moon.
Look off, dear Love, across the sallow sands,
And mark yon meeting of the sun and sea,
How long they kiss in sight of all the lands.
He
Lift up the veils that darken the delicate moon
of thy glory and grace,
Let the rain kiss you
Let the rain beat upon your head with silver liquid drops
Let the rain sing you a lullaby
Willow in your April gown
Delicate and gleaming,
Do you mind in years gone by
The moon shimmers in green water.
White herons fly through the moonlight.
The young man hears a girl gathering water-chestnuts:
Know'st thou not at the fall of the leaf
How the heart feels a languid grief
Laid on it for a covering,
Now's the time when children's noses
All become as red as roses
And the colour of their faces
Like a joy on the heart of a sorrow,
The sunset hangs on a cloud;
A golden storm of glittering sheaves,
Come, brother, come. Lets lift it;
come now, hewit! roll away!
Shackles fall upon the Judgment Day
Sleep, sleep, beauty bright,
Dreaming in the joys of night;
Sleep, sleep; in thy sleep
Your house is
Falling down
Around
My jolly fat host with your face all a-grin,
Come, open the door to us, let us come in.
A score of stout fellows who think it no sin
INSCRIPTION FOR AN ANTIQUE PITCHER,
Come, old friend! sit down and listen!
From the pitcher, placed between us,
Wine comes in at the mouth
And love comes in at the eye;
That's all we shall know for truth
Ornamental clouds
compose an evening love song;
a road leaves evasively.
Full moon rising on the waters of my heart,
Lakes and moon and fires,
Cloine tires,
I am a reaper whose muscles set at sundown. All my oats are cradled.
But I am too chilled, and too fatigued to bind them.
And I hunger.
I could take the Harlem night
and wrap around you,
Take the neon lights and make a crown,
Dark, dark, lay the drifters, against the red west,
As they shot their long meshes of steel overside;
And the oily green waters were rocking to rest
When the green woods laugh with the voice of joy,
And the dimpling stream runs laughing by;
When the air does laugh with our merry wit,
Love
Is a ripe plum
Growing on a purple tree.
My own dear love, he is strong and bold
And he cares not what comes after.
His words ring sweet as a chime of gold,
How can I keep my soul in me, so that
it doesn't touch your soul? How can I raise
it high enough, past you, to other things?
My love, we will go, we will go, I and you,
And away in the woods we will scatter the dew;
And the salmon behold, and the ousel too,
I lie here thinking of you:---
the stain of love
is upon the world!
Look not thou on beauty's charming;
Sit thou still when kings are arming;
Taste not when the wine-cup glistens;
The wild winds weep
And the night is a-cold;
Come hither, Sleep,
To drown the ancient sorrows,
we drank a hundred jugs of wine
there in the beautiful night.
He would declare and could himself believe
That the birds there in all the garden round
From having heard the daylong voice of Eve
The year's at the spring,
And day's at the morn;
Morning's at seven;
This is the one song everyone
would like to learn: the song
that is irresistible:
…do not send me out
among strangers
Sonia Sanchez
Again rejoicing nature sees
Her robe assume its vernal hues,
Her leafy looks wave in the breeze,
Hidden, oh hidden
in the high fog
the house we live in,
There's a place I know where the birds swing low,
And wayward vines go roaming,
Where the lilacs nod, and a marble god
Mine are the night and morning,
The pits of air, the gulf of space,
The sportive sun, the gibbous moon,
Oh, I should like to ride the seas,
A roaring buccaneer;
A cutlass banging at my knees,
The moonlight breaks upon the city's domes,
And falls along cemented steel and stone,
Upon the grayness of a million homes,
I think that I shall never see
A billboard lovely as a tree
Indeed, unless the billboards fall
AFOOT and light-hearted, I take to the open road,
Healthy, free, the world before me,
The long brown path before me, leading wherever I choose.
Pour O pour that parting soul in song
O pour it in the sawdust glow of night
Into the velvet pine-smoke air tonight,
I came to the door of the House of Love
And knocked as the starry night went by;
And my true love cried "Who knocks?" and I said
The weight of the world
is love.
Under the burden
When I am dead, my dearest,
Sing no sad songs for me;
Plant thou no roses at my head,
I saw thee on thy bridal day-
When a burning blush came o'er thee,
Though happiness around thee lay,
Winter is icummen in,
Lhude sing Goddamm,
Raineth drop and staineth slop,
Sweetest love, I do not go,
For weariness of thee,
Nor in hope the world can show
My silks and fine array,
My smiles and languish'd air,
By love are driv'n away;
My heart leaps up when I behold
A rainbow in the sky;
Contrariwise, my blood runs cold
Before man to blow to right
The wind once blew itself untaught,
And did its loudest day and night
I shot an arrow into the air,
It fell to earth, I knew not where;
For, so swiftly it flew, the sight
Mine, says the cat, putting out his paw of darkness.
My lover, my friend, my slave, my toy, says
the cat making on your chest his gesture of drawing
I am a feather on the bright sky
I am the blue horse that runs in the plain
I am the fish that rolls, shining, in the water
He thought he saw an Elephant,
That practised on a fife:
He looked again, and found it was
I.
If souls could sing to heaven's high King
As blackbirds pipe on earth,
Pelagius lived at Kardanoel
And taught a doctrine there
How, whether you went to heaven or to hell
Through the black, rushing smoke-bursts,
Thick breaks the red flame.
All Etna heaves fiercely
You swallowed everything, like distance.
Like the sea, like time.
In you everything sank!
AFRICA
I will sing you a song of Los. the Eternal Prophet:
He sung it to four harps at the tables of Eternity.
Out of the hills of Habersham,
Down the valleys of Hall,
I hurry amain to reach the plain,
The Song of the Shirt
With fingers weary and worn,
With eyelids heavy and red,
I WENT out to the hazel wood,
Because a fire was in my head,
And cut and peeled a hazel wand,
As I wandered the forest,
The green leaves among,
I heard a Wild Flower
The browns, the olives, and the yellows died,
And were swept up to heaven; where they glowed
Each dawn and set of sun till Christmastide,
'She will change,' I cried.
'Into a withered crone.'
The heart in my side,
Look look look
It is spring
Greenery and flowers
A light exists in spring
Not present on the year
At any other period.
Oh, give us pleasure in the flowers to-day;
And give us not to think so far away
As the uncertain harvest; keep us here
Taut, thick fingers punch
the teeth of my typewriter.
Three words are down on paper
One asketh:
"Tell me, Myrson, tell me true:
What's the season pleaseth you?
Last night beneath the mockery of the moon
I heard the sudden startled whisperings
Of wakened birds settling their restless wings;
The city has fallen: only the hills and rivers remain.
In Spring the streets were green with grass and trees.
Sorrowing over the times, the flowers are weeping.
Ask not the cause why sullen spring
So long delays her flow'rs to bear;
Why warbling birds forget to sing,
Before you thought of spring,
Except as a surmise,
You see, God bless his suddenness,
Sometimes we remember kisses,
Remember the dear heart-leap when they came:
Not always, but sometimes we remember
At last the air fragrant, the bird's bubbling whistle
Succinct in the unknown unsettled trees:
O little Charles, beside the Georgian colleges
The Silver Birch is a dainty lady,
She wears a satin gown;
The elm tree makes the old churchyard shady,
I wish it were spring in the world.
Let it be spring!
Come, bubbling, surging tide of sap!
My mother
Foresaw deaths
And walked among
Harshness vanished. A sudden softness
has replaced the meadows' wintry grey.
Little rivulets of water changed
Face of the spring moon--
about twelve years old,
I'd say.
Fled are the frosts, and now the fields appear
Reclothed in fresh and verdant diaper;
Thaw'd are the snows; and now the lusty Spring
First day of spring--
I keep thinking about
the end of autumn.
FLOWER god, god of the spring, beautiful, bountiful,
Cold-dyed shield in the sky, lover of versicles,
Here I wander in April
In the glad springtime when leaves were green,
O merrily the throstle sings!
I sought, amid the tangled sheen,
O
Out of a bed of love
When that immortal hospital made one more moove to soothe
I so liked Spring last year
Because you were here;-
The thrushes too-
Here the white-ray'd anemone is born,
Wood-sorrel, and the varnish'd buttercup;
And primrose in its purfled green swathed up,
O Spring, I know thee! Seek for sweet surprise
In the young children's eyes.
But I have learnt the years, and know the yet
In spring and summer winds may blow,
And rains fall after, hard and fast;
The tender leaves, if beaten low,
In spring rain
a pretty girl
yawning.
IN the green and gallant Spring,
Love and the lyre I thought to sing,
And kisses sweet to give and take
In the spring twilight
the full moon is shining:
Girls take their places
It is spring, And the ledger is opened again.
From the abyss where they were frozen,
those days suddenly return, those days
Now Nature hangs her mantle green
On every blooming tree,
And spreads her sheets o' daises white
I
Ah, who will tell me, in these leaden days,
Why the sweet Spring delays,
I HEARD a thousand blended notes,
While in a grove I sate reclined,
In that sweet mood when pleasant thoughts
Cloud-topped and splendid, dominating all
The little lesser hills which compass thee,
Thou standest, bright with April's buoyancy,
THE bed of flowers
Loosens amain,
The beauteous snowdrops
I.
Moonlight silvers the tops of trees,
Moonlight whitens the lilac shadowed wall
Now spring has clad the grove in green,
And strew'd the lea wi' flowers;
The furrow'd, waving corn is seen
O HEART of Spring!
Spirit of light and love and joyous day,
So soon to faint beneath the fiery Summer:
Lo! where the rosy-bosom'd Hours,
Fair Venus' train appear,
Disclose the long-expecting flowers,
The city's all a-shining
Beneath a fickle sun,
A gay young wind's a-blowing,
DAYS full of rapture,
Are ye renew'd ?--
Smile in the sunlight
"Oh, dear, with the just unfolded tender leaflets of Mango trees as his incisive arrows, and with shining strings of honeybees as his bowstring, the assailant named Vasanta came very nigh, to afflict the hearts of those that are fully engaged in affairs of lovemaking...
"Oh, dear, in Vasanta, Spring, trees are with flowers and waters are with lotuses, hence the breezes are agreeably fragrant with the fragrance of those flowers, thereby the eventides are comfortable and even the daytimes are pleasant with those fragrant breezes, thereby the women are with concupiscence, thus everything is highly pleasing...
"This Spring season endows prosperity to waters of swimming pools, and to moonshine, for their water or shine is pleasurable, and even to mango trees, as their flowers are just flowered, more so, to the bejewelled girdle strings of women, for their wearing is neither cumbersome nor irksome in this season, thus it endows prosperity to womenfolk of age, as they enjoy in wearing them, thus they too, become enjoyable, these days...
Again rejoicing nature sees
Her robe assume its vernal hues,
Her leafy looks wave in the breeze,
Mindful of you the sodden earth in spring,
And all the flowers that in the springtime grow,
And dusty roads, and thistles, and the slow
A spring morning – well,
I only need to say the words?
I’ll picture mine, you picture yours –
By the road to the contagious hospital
under the surge of the blue
mottled clouds driven from the
Green ripples singing down the corn,
With blossoms dumb the path I tread,
And in the music of the morn
Margaret, are you grieving
Over Goldengrove unleaving?
Leaves, like the things of man, you
WHEN daisies pied and violets blue,
And lady-smocks all silver-white,
And cuckoo-buds of yellow hue
WHEN loud by landside streamlets gush,
And clear in the greenwood quires the thrush,
With sun on the meadows
I sit in an office at 244 Madison Avenue
And say to myself You have a responsible job havenue?
Why then do you fritter away your time on this doggerel?
From the German of Herder.
All faintly through my soul to-day,
As from a bell that far away
Too green the springing April grass,
Too blue the silver-speckled sky,
For me to linger here, alas,
Now in the oak the sap of life is welling,
Tho' to the bough the rusty leafage clings;
Now on the elm the misty buds are swelling,
The country ever has a lagging Spring,
Waiting for May to call its violets forth,
And June its roses--showers and sunshine bring,
I feel the Spring far off, far off,
The faint far scent of bud and leaf--
Oh how can Spring take heart to come
spring is a -springing
the sun is a-shining
and daffodils dance in the dew of the garden
844
Spring is the Period
Express from God.
London Bridge is falling down, Rome's burnt and Babylon
The Great is now but dust; yet still Spring must
Swing back through Time's continual arc to earth.
In what house, the jade flute that sends these dark notes drifting,
scattering on the spring wind that fills Lo-yang?
Tonight if we should hear the willow-breaking song,
The park is filled with night and fog,
The veils are drawn about the world,
The drowsy lights along the paths
1 Halted against the shade of a last hill,
2 They fed, and, lying easy, were at ease
3 And, finding comfortable chests and knees
Birds' love and birds' song
Flying here and there,
Birds' songand birds' love
Spring is life
Spring is hope
So is love and
The year has changed his mantle cold
Of wind, of rain, of bitter air;
And he goes clad in cloth of gold,
Soft-littered is the new-year's lambing fold,
And in the hollowed haystack at its side
The shepherd lies o' night now, wakeful-eyed
To what purpose, April, do you return again?
Beauty is not enough.
You can no longer quiet me with the redness
Flowers are on their way to bloom
Birds do twitter in the sky
You see
In spring I go to war
To sing or to die.
What do I care for my own troubles?
Nothing is so beautiful as spring --
When weeds, in wheels, shoot long and lovely and lush;
Thrush's eggs look little low heavens, and thrush
Spring, with that nameless pathos in the air
Which dwells with all things fair,
Spring, with her golden suns and silver rain,
SPRING, the sweet Spring, is the year's pleasant king;
Then blooms each thing, then maids dance in a ring,
Cold doth not sting, the pretty birds do sing--
Sound the flute!
Now it's mute!
Bird's delight,
Spring am I, too soft of heart
Much to speak ere I depart:
Ask the Summer-tide to prove
These pools that, though in forests, still reflect
The total sky almost without defect,
And like the flowers beside them, chill and shiver,
Gone were but the Winter,
Come were but the Spring,
I would go to a covert
Spring rain
leaking through the roof
dripping from the wasps' nest.
I thought I had forgotten,
But it all came back again
To-night with the first spring thunder
Hark, I hear a robin calling!
List, the wind is from the south!
And the orchard-bloom is falling
THE air was full of sun and birds,
The fresh air sparkled clearly.
Remembrance wakened in my heart
Spring, the sweet spring, is the year's pleasant king,
Then blooms each thing, then maids dance in a ring,
Cold doth not sting, the pretty birds do sing:
Listen, The wind is still,
And far away in the night --
See! The uplands fill
A pity it is evening, yet
I do love the water of this spring
seeing how clear it is, how clean;
This spring as it comes bursts up in bonfires green,
Wild puffing of emerald trees, and flame-filled bushes,
Thorn-blossom lifting in wreaths of smoke between
'Tis a dull sight
To see the year dying,
When winter winds
THE groundflame of the crocus breaks the mould,
Fair Spring slides hither o'er the Southern sea,
Wavers on her thin stem the snowdrop cold
In the spring of the year, in the spring of the year,
I walked the road beside my dear.
The trees were black where the bark was wet.
(After Rilke)
Spring has returned! Everything has returned!
The earth, just like a schoolgirl, memorizes
Man goes to Man! Cry the challenge through the Jungle!
He that was our Brother goes away.
Hear, now, and judge, O ye People of the Jungle--
The sky has given over
its bitterness.
Out of the dark change
The Spring-time, O the Spring-time!
Who does not know it well?
When the little birds begin to build,
The winter comes; I walk alone,
I want no bird to sing;
To those who keep their hearts their own
The year's at the spring,
And day's at the morn;
Morning's at seven;
(For Kenton)
An iron hand has stilled the throats
That throbbed with loud and rhythmic glee
O thou with dewy locks, who lookest down
Thro' the clear windows of the morning, turn
Thine angel eyes upon our western isle,
Welcome, gentle Stripling,
Nature's darling thou!
With thy basket full of blossoms,
The fields are snowbound no longer;
There are little blue lakes and flags of tenderest green.
The snow has been caught up into the sky--
Bells in the town alight with spring
converse, with a concordance of new airs
make clear the fresh and ancient sound they sing.
The winds that on the uplands softly lie,
Grow keener where the ice is lingering still
Where the first robin on the sheltered hill
I heard a thousand blended notes
While in a grove I sat reclined,
In that sweet mood when pleasant thoughts
Back in black I hit you hard
With my classic rock chick style
I shake my hips to zeppelin hits
I walk over to the place we used to visit,
Where laughter filled the rims of each cup,
Flowing over with desire and subdued embraces.
I found it at starry night.
It was tiny like a dot -
Against a black background – white.
My eyes are sleep-laden,
I return home taking with me songs of fallen crops!
Everything held secret is gone, — how long a dream lasts?
A birthday poem for my wife
A star fell from heaven
Into my arms last night
A star in any other dialect remains a star
Stars give hope for a pleasant night
As they retract into their cocoon
The leading man walked onto the stage,
the house lights dimmed, a hush descended,
the play was about to begin.
Your a thousand stars away.
The brightest shining star in the sky.
You are the glisten of the rain.
A star
Shining brightly by the moonlight
Like a flickering spotlight
A star shone out so very bright,
Not just a little, simple one,
But one so special in our sight,
The morning star have shined anew
More brightly like a mountain glow
Unnotice as it were seen well apart
This morning's passed so peacefully this morning
the time has come, I must be on my way
I only hope that when the fightings over
"There is my little trembling star," she said.
I looked; once more
The tender sea had put the sun to bed,
She'd sent me stars, two handfuls in that myst'ry package.
And when I opened  to unpack they came like swarms
of silver insects, bright and ready to invade.
Once upon a shining star,
I made a wish and it came true.
I wished for someone for me to love,
240
Ah, Moon—and Star!
You are very far—
There is this rose,
In a garden beautiful;
And as life goes,
I'm looking at this star tonight,
Wishing wishes would come true.
I wonder where I stand and look
(For Aline)
Now by what whim of wanton chance
Do radiant eyes know sombre days?
Beautiful Star
Shine
For me at
Breaking the waves to finally know,
What is the truth in this old game;
Places to hold come to and grow,
Star, star, you shine so bright
Lighting even my darkest night…
You make me smile
Bright star, would I were stedfast as thou art-
Not in lone splendour hung aloft the night
And watching, with eternal lids apart,
There you are in front of this
All the times are coming on
You are a night of sweet bliss
As I stare upon you, Evening Star
From the land where sorrows reign
I envy you, oh star of night
'Twas noontide of summer,
And mid-time of night;
And stars, in their orbits,
Lo! in the painted oriel of the West,
Whose panes the sunken sun incarnadines,
Like a fair lady at her casement, shines
Speak softly; sun going down
Out of sight. Come near me now.
Dear dying fall of wings as birds
They could never understand
what u set out 2 do
instead they chose 2
For beauty I am not a star,
There are others more perfect by far,
But my face I don't mind it,
Go from me, summer friends, and tarry not:
I am no summer friend, but wintry cold,
A silly sheep benighted from the fold,
Go and catch a falling star,
Get with child a mandrake root,
Tell me where all past years are,
Will you dance with me?
Will you set me free?
Will you love me true?
I watch the sunlight dance across your face of elegance,
And I've never been this swept away in romance......
All my thoughts just seem to settle on the breeze
There was a red star stone, old poets feign,
Hung on the neck of Helen, the most fair
Of women, the world's wonder; gathering there,
I wished upon a star one day
As it went shooting through the sky,
I wished upon a star one day
Within a pub that's off the Strand and handy to the bar,
With pipe in mouth and mug in hand sat Jobson of the Star.
"Come, sit ye down, ye wond'ring wight, and have a yarn," says he.
Deleted for the sake of privacyOft on that latest star of purest light,
That hovers on the verge of morning gray,
I gaze, and think of eyes that gleam'd as bright,
Little star, little star
Why you live so far?
You really look so naughty
A zillion miles of night
caress the little star.
One amongst countless
When the creation was new and all the stars shone in their first
splendor, the gods held their assembly in the sky and sang
`Oh, the picture of perfection! the joy unalloyed!'
This proud ship is the Morning Star,
She is built of solid oak beams.
A smell of varnish and fresh boiled tar,
If winter, you wake up at four
From behind the closed window-door,
Whilst struggling to fight wintry chill,
It was a lonely and dark night
I lost directions left and right
Then I saw a star so bright
My lucky star
So close yet so far
A star so pure so true
All, that I know
Of a certain star
Is, it can throw
The darkness I embrace
For there is nothing else to do.
A star, my star has crashed down
Star light, star bright,
The most beautiful star in my sight,
I wish I may, I wish I might,
I saw a shooting star, a falling star tonight
All green and gold, a peacock tail
(Perhaps it was a satellite)
O STAR of France!
The brightness of thy hope and strength and fame,
Like some proud ship that led the fleet so long,
He walks like a lover: mysterious and wise
chestnut hair hides two hazel eyes
leaving girls in his wake begging for more—
'You look like a film star', I told her
She took the compliment well
But I did not go into detail
Show me the star
and I'll show you the lover
for lovers they oft speak
Sky Star…., so far….., on a peaceful night….,
Blinking…, twinkling…, with a wondrous light…,
Sky Star…., so far…., sparkling so bright….,
Can it be the sun descending
O'er the level plain of water?
Or the Red Swan floating, flying,
Go and catch a falling star,
Get with child a mandrake root,
Tell me where all past years are,
1       Star that bringest home the bee,
2     And sett'st the weary labourer free!
3     If any star shed peace, 'tis thou,
Bright star of beauty, on whose eyelids sit
A thousand nymph-like and enamour'd Graces,
The Goddesses of Memory and Wit,
If I could write a sonnet
on a star
Then bottle it and
The star of my mishap impos'd this paining,
To spend the April of my years in wailing
That never found my fortune but in waning,
What kind of woman do you want
Star boy?
My intellect was never strong enough
Forty-two years ago (to me if to no one else
The number is of some interest) it was a brilliant starry night
And the westward train was empty and had no corridors
I was staring at the midnight sky
Star gazing
I realized life and space is really
Starlight
Starbright
Grant me my
Star, that gives a gracious dole,
What am I to choose?
Oh, will it be a shriven soul,
no arms
to break my fall
I wait
'star light star bright'
eons passed by
into earth's womb
The star that surrounds me,
The star has gone away.
Can we look forward to seeing it again?
Star of my heart, I follow from afar.
Sweet Love on high, lead on where shepherds are,
Where Time is not, and only dreamers are.
Star of the East, that long ago
Brought wise men on their way
Where, angels singing to and fro,
Star of the sea
Your home is the sea
On the bottom of the sea
You’re like a star
In a vast oblivion
Sparkling more than ever
We search amongst the stars for life
Like moths forever seeking light
We cannot bear just being alone
Death star did they make,
To rule over the universe,
but the Force had won.
So you're writing for a paper?  Well, it's nothing very new
To be writing yards of drivel for a tidy little screw;
You are young and educated, and a clever chap you are,
Lo! in the paintedoriel of the West,
Whose panes the sunken sun incarnadines,
Like a fair lady at her casement, shines
Smiles soon abate; the boisterous throes
Of anger long burst forth;
Inconstantly the south-wind blows,
A star is gone! a star is gone!
There is a blank in Heaven;
One of the cherub choir has done
The North Star whispers: "You are one
Of those whose course no chance can change.
You blunder, but are not undone,
Thou father of the children of my brain
By thee engendered in my willing heart,
How can I thank thee for this gift of art
Can it be the sun descending
O'er the level plain of water?
Or the Red Swan floating, flying,
THE SUN stepped down from his golden throne,
And lay in the silent sea,
And the Lily had folded her satin leaves,
We boast no more of our bloodless flag, that rose from a nation's slime;
Better a shred of a deep-dyed rag from the storms of the olden time.
From grander clouds in our `peaceful skies' than ever were there before
When I was a boy I searched the skies
For the truth, a star, and the worldly wise,
But ever the path of the brightest lay
1     Whatever 'tis, whose beauty here below
2     Attracts thee thus and makes thee stream and flow,
3         And wind and curl, and wink and smile,
`You know Orion always comes up sideways.
Throwing a leg up over our fence of mountains,
And rising on his hands, he looks in on me
Every whisper that one hear is the name that has respect and yet just to look in the eyes of the stars of Star bucks is the star of respect that will fill once heart with the respect of Star bucks when one smile thus one smile with respect.
When the birds sing for they sing with happiness just to see the blue sky is like seeing the moon light of a angel of Star bucks yet when there is happiness thus one feel the touch of respect in once heart for the stars of Star bucks.
For every min that one see the family of Star bucks for one feel the touch of respect from the family of Star bucks star after star shall whisper the name of Star bucks in once dreams just to taste a good cup of coffee thus the star that whisper the name of Star bucks.The Sun is not just a special star
Huge balls of hot gases are stars spinning in space
So big so hot and giving heat and light to the Earth
I see a wishing star up in the sky,
I start to make a wish upon that wishing star,
Which was so beauitful in my eyes,
Thou lingering star, with less'ning ray,
That lov'st to greet the early morn,
Again thou usherast in the day
Star that bringest home the bee,
And sett’st the weary labourer free!
If any star shed peace, ‘tis thou,
Thou fair-haired angel of the evening,
Now, whilst the sun rests on the mountains, light
Thy bright torch of love; thy radiant crown
My apologies to chance for calling it necessity.
My apologies to necessity if I'm mistaken, after all.
Please, don't be angry, happiness, that I take you as my due.
Wings of dreams
And shine of pearls
Away from worldly schemes,
The morning was fearful at sea--
The voyagers weary and pale;
Their steamer a wreck, from keel to deck,
When the shy star goes forth in heaven
All maidenly, disconsolate,
Hear you amid the drowsy even
Look here a star.
You wish on them.
If you’re lucky u get it.
Morning star from where you are
Can you see my tiny heart
From so many
What do you have to say
On this day
In the month of April and May
Open the window, and let the air
Freshly blow upon face and hair,
And fill the room, as it fills the night,
A languid atmosphere, a lazy breeze,
With labored respiration, moves the wheat
From distant reaches, till the golden seas
I
The dawn laughs out on orient hills
And dances with the diamond rills;
THE wind has swept from the wide atmosphere
Each vapour that obscured the sunset's ray,
And pallid Evening twines its beaming hair
Season of mist and mellow fruit,
Of blossom and scented air.
Bird song and busy bee,
Never was sun so bright before,
No matin of the lark so sweet,
No grass so green beneath my feet,
Welcome, rain or tempest
From yon airy powers,
We have languished for them
(IN THE BEGINNING)
The sun is a huntress young,
The sun is a red, red joy,
981
As Sleigh Bells seem in summer
Or Bees, at Christmas show—
In winter I get up at night
And dress by yellow candle-light.
In summer quite the other way,
Suddenly, from all the green around you,
something-you don't know what-has disappeared;
you feel it creeping closer to the window,
Between the dusk of a summer night
And the dawn of a summer day,
We caught at a mood as it passed in flight,
’Tis the early summer season, when the skies are clear and blue;
When wide warm fields are glad with corn as green as ever grew,
And upland growths of wattles engolden all the view.
Early summer rain--
houses facing the river,
two of them.
Through the pregnant universe rumbles life's terrific thunder,
And Earth's bowels quake with terror; strange and terrible storms break,
Lightning-torches flame the heavens, kindling souls of men, thereunder:
Fair summer droops, droop men and beasts therefore,
So fair a summer look for nevermore:
All good things vanish less than in a day,
A seated statue of himself he seems.
A bronze slowness becomes him. Patently
The page he contemplates he doesn't see.
Fickle Summer's fled away,
Shall we see her face again?
Hearken to the weeping rain,
No matter how hard I listen, the wind speaks
One syllable, which has no comfort in it--
Only a rasping of air through the dead elm.
1068
Further in Summer than the Birds
Pathetic from the Grass
Summer's heat can swelter and melt...
As summer's heat may simmer as weld.
Some summer's heat can burn as long...
Her final summer was it,
And yet we guessed it not;
If tenderer industriousness
I know a place where summer strives
With such a practised frost,
She each year leads her daisies back,
I know I am but summer to your heart,
And not the full four seasons of the year;
And you must welcome from another part
I remember well that summer place,
The sun, the sea, the surf soaked sand,
The light that lit your lovley face,
I
I see the boys of summer in their ruin
Lay the gold tithings barren,
In spring and summer winds may blow,
And rains fall after, hard and fast;
The tender leaves, if beaten low,
How plain and height
With dewdrops are bright!
How pearls have crown'd
In that summer of loving you
I was free
All things were possible
In the summer
I stretch out on the shore
And think of you
In youth, it was a way I had
To do my best to please,
And change, with every passing lad,
A soft veil dims the tender skies,
And half conceals from pensive eyes
The bronzing tokens of the fall;
Lyric night of the lingering Indian summer,
Shadowy fields that are scentless but full of singing,
Never a bird, but the passionless chant of insects,
221
It can't be "Summer"!
That—got through!
342
It will be Summer—eventually.
Ladies—with parasols—
(ALCAICS)
Confused, he found her lavishing feminine
Gold upon clay, and found her inscrutable;
'Tis moonlight, summer moonlight,
All soft and still and fair;
The solemn hour of midnight
O Summer Hill! if thou wert mine,
I'd order in a pipe of wine,
And ask a dozen friends to dine.
On the idle hill of summer,
Sleepy with the flow of streams,
Far I hear the steady drummer
Once upon a Summer day,
Birds chirped in a musical way,
Grass drenched in the morning dew,
I'd walk her home after work
buying roses and talking of Bechsteins.
She was full of soul.
How beautiful is the rain!
After the dust and heat,
In the broad and fiery street,
"Oh, dear, this utterly sweltering season of the highly rampant sun is drawing nigh, and it will always be good enough to go on taking daytime baths, as the lakes and rivers will still be with plenteous waters, and at the end of the day, nightfall will be pleasant with fascinating moon, and in such nights Love-god can somehow be almost mollified...[who tortured us in the previous vernal season... but now without His sweltering us, we can happily enjoy the nights devouring cool soft drinks and dancing and merrymaking in outfields...]
"Oh, beloved one, somewhere the moon shoved the blackish columns of night aside, somewhere else the palace-chambers with water [showering, sprinkling and splashing] machines are highly exciting, and else where the matrices of gems, [like coolant pearls and moon-stone, etc.,] are there, and even the pure sandalwood is liquefied [besides other coolant scents,] thus this season gets an adoration from all the people...
"The beloved ones will enjoy the summer's clear late nights while they are atop the rooftops of buildings that are delightful and fragranced well, while they savour the passion intensifiers like strong drinks and while the ladylove's face suspires the bouquets of those drinks together with melodious instrumental and vocal music...
Branches naked against skies of blue,
Skeletons all, with summer gone,
Stark and rigid, in morbid hue,
AS swallows turning backward
When half-way o'er the sea,
At one word's trumpet summons
Rolling blades of grass play in the meadows green,
as bird songs whisper my name in the trees...
the breeze circles me enfolding me in its tune,
My sleeping children are still flying dreams
in their goose-down heads.
The lush of the river singing morning songs
Pray but one prayer for me 'twixt thy closed lips,
Think but one thought of me up in the stars.
The summer night waneth, the morning light slips,
The frog half fearful jumps across the path,
And little mouse that leaves its hole at eve
Nimbles with timid dread beneath the swath;
31
Summer for thee, grant I may be
When Summer days are flown!
Has summer come without the rose,
Or left the bird behind?
Is the blue changed above thee,
When the sun shouts and people abound
One thinks there were the ages of stone and the age of
bronze
Now swarthy Summer, by rude health embrowned,
Precedence takes of rosy fingered Spring;
And laughing Joy, with wild flowers prank'd, and crown'd,
On London fell a clearer light;
Caressing pencils of the sun
Defined the distances, the white
One shows me how to lie down in a field of clover.
Another how to slip my hand under her Sunday skirt.
Another how to kiss with a mouth full of blackberries.
Gently I stir a white feather fan,
With open shirt sitting in a green wood.
I take off my cap and hang it on a jutting stone;
The Oriole sings in the greening grove
As if he were half-way waiting,
The rosebuds peep from their hoods of green,
Summer is dying in the purple and gold and russet
of the falling leaves of the wood,
and the sunset clouds are dying
Athwart the star-lit midnight sky
Luminous fleecy clouds drift by,
As the mysterious, pallid moon
All yesterday it poured, and all night long
I could not sleep; the rain unceasing beat
Upon the shingled roof like a weird song,
Summer night--
even the stars
are whispering to each other.
In the wild soft summer darkness
How many and many a night we two together
Sat in the park and watched the Hudson
They come back in their white
shifts, their ruffled shawls of salt
white, the way the dead always return
See what delights in sylvan scenes appear!
Descending Gods have found Elysium here.
In woods bright Venus with Adonis stray'd,
Some men there are who find in nature all
Their inspiration, hers the sympathy
Which spurs them on to any great endeavor,
Come we to the summer, to the summer we will come,
For the woods are full of bluebells and the hedges full of bloom,
And the crow is on the oak a-building of her nest,
Remember the days of our first happiness,
how strong we were, how dazed by passion,
lying all day, then all night in the narrow bed,
Summer looked for long am I:
Much shall change or e'er I die.
Prithee take it not amiss
It's that beautiful summer sky..
Like blue raspberries
I dare to try...
A drop fell on the apple tree,
Another on the roof;
A half a dozen kissed the eaves,
I looked into my heart to write
And found a desert there.
But when I looked again I heard
Summer breeze
summer long
I'll sing to you
Bend low again, night of summer stars.
So near you are, sky of summer stars,
So near, a long-arm man can pick off stars,
Great is the sun, and wide he goes
Through empty heaven with repose;
And in the blue and glowing days
It's sumertime,
School vacation has begun,
Time for children to play,
It is a sultry day; the sun has drank
The dew that lay upon the morning grass,
There is no rustling in the lofty elm
We should have put you in your hunting coat
Beneath its abstract whorls of pheasant blood.
I think that might have kept you less remote
That strain again? It seems to tell
Of something like a joy departed;
I love its mourning accents well,
The last rose of summer lingers of a soft fragrance
as the days of summer fade into days only remembered
over the fires embers that stir yesterdays moment.
To Thomas Pennant, Esquire.
... equidem credo, quia sit divinitus illis
Ingenium.
The songs of summer are over and past!
The swallow's forsaken the dripping eaves;
Ruined and black 'mid the sodden leaves
It is a place whither I've often gone
For peace, and found it, secret, hushed, and cool,
A beautiful recess in neighboring woods.
The turquoise pool rose up to meet us,
its slide a silver afterthought down which
we plunged, screaming, into a mirage of bubbles.
My books I'd fain cast off, I cannot read,
'Twixt every page my thoughts go stray at large
Down in the meadow, where is richer feed,
'Tis moonlight, summer moonlight,
All soft and still and fair;
The solemn hour of midnight
Tis the last rose of summer
Left blooming alone;
All her lovely companions
O thou who passest thro' our valleys in
Thy strength, curb thy fierce steeds, allay the heat
That flames from their large nostrils! thou, O Summer,
846
Twice had Summer her fair Verdure
Proffered to the Plain—
In flat America, in Chicago,
Graceland cemetery on the German North Side.
Forty feet of Corinthian candle
Warm Summer…
Bumblebee flies to the south
Hailed by the beautiful blossom orchid
I didn't write that novel
I've dreamed of for many years
Nor did I climb Mt. Everest
Hear the thunder echoing about
A sky with a green hue
The sign of hail on the way
Winter without you is like
a summer in a winter, when memories
of your love  murmur in my winter.
691
Would you like summer? Taste of ours.
Spices? Buy here!
The church bells toll a melancholy round,
Calling the people to some other prayers,
Some other gloominess, more dreadful cares,
I'm tired of murdering children.
Once, long ago today, they wanted to live;
now I feel Vietnam the place
Beneath summer rain
happy garden grass will know
sun is coming soon.Look at the moon
Shining so bright
Look at the sun
A slant of sun on dull brown walls,
A forgotten sky of bashful blue.
Toward God a mighty hymn,
A song of the setting sun!
The sky in the west is red,
And the day is all but done;
The Sun woke me this morning loud
and clear, saying "Hey! I've been
trying to wake you up for fifteen
Along the sun-drenched roadside, from the great
hollow half-treetrunk, which for generations
has been a trough, renewing in itself
And the sun slept on into the day
and lay buried deep
where the wisemen say
As truly as the sun shines,
as truly as the clouds weep,
as truly as the flames spark,
With the crack of the bat, baseballs seem to
fly and float over my glove! As i step back
near the wall, this round like orb
That public men publish falsehoods
Is nothing new. That America must accept
Like the historical republics corruption and empire
Brethrens: Moon, Sun, distant Constellations
Powerful divine universal life forces
In true wonder and thanksgiving I hail
the sun
is generous
as dad
Whatever You do, Whatever You say,
Even if Your angry all day,
Even if You want quiet time alone,
One day we notice that the sun
needs feeding. Immediately
a crash program begins: we fill rockets
GIVE me the splendid silent sun, with all his beams full-dazzling;
Give me juicy autumnal fruit, ripe and red from the orchard;
Give me a field where the unmow'd grass grows;
He sendeth sun, he sendeth shower,
Alike they're needful for the flower:
And joys and tears alike are sent
Hast thou a charm to stay the morning-star
In his steep course? So long he seems to pause
On thy bald awful head, O sovran BLANC,
Sometimes a mortal feels in himself Nature
-- not his Father but his Mother stirs
within him, and he becomes immortal with her
I’ll tell you how the sun rose, -
A ribbon at a time.
The steeples swam in amethyst,
Hours fly,
Flowers die:
New days,
Let the sun shine brightly each day,
Warming us deeply in our soul,
We are happy it's here to stay
Light breaks where no sun shines;
Where no sea runs, the waters of the heart
Push in their tides;
When my life one day has gone
And the breath I breathe
From me moves on...
Love is the Touch of the Sun
When it falls, darkness will reign
But when a new day comes undone,
188
Make me a picture of the sun—
So I can hang it in my room—
But all this while, where's he whose golden rays
Drives night away and beautifies our days?
Where's he whose goodly face doth warm and heal,
Memory of sun seeps from the heart.
Grass grows yellower.
Faintly if at all the early snowflakes
The Moon with finely chiselled face
awoke to see his ancient foe
dress up with gold-embroidered lace
Thar showed up out'n Denver in the spring uv '81
A man who'd worked with Dana on the Noo York Sun.
His name wuz Cantell Whoppers, 'nd he wuz a sight ter view
See that golden hue
Burning in the west
My dreams are with that color
They say her words were like balloons
with strings I could not hold,
that her love was something in a shop
O SUN of real peace! O hastening light!
O free and extatic! O what I here, preparing, warble for!
O the sun of the world will ascend, dazzling, and take his height--
What, hast thou run thy race, art going down?
Thou seemest angry, why dost on us frown?
Yea, wrap thy head with clouds and hide thy face,
Oh day of fire and sun,
Pure as a naked flame,
Blue sea, blue sky and dun
Look, look, brave Sol doth peep up from beneath,
Shows us his golden face, doth on us breathe;
He also doth compass us round with glories,
Sun over dark trees;
Sun rising over the black;
Sun and blueness, BLISS!
This sun was mine and yours; we shared it.
Who's suffering behind the golden silk, who's dying?
A woman beating her dry breasts cried out; `Cowards,
sun goes on shining
while the debbil beats his wife
blues played lefthanded
Pale morning sun that rises in the east,
Spread wide your light,
And let the warming blush be thus increased,
Pink-edged clouds,
sunset sun.
Bedimming light.
Freer
than most birds
an eagle flies up
Set me whereas the sun doth parch the green
Or where his beams do not dissolve the ice,
In temperate heat where he is felt and seen;
She stood against the Orient sun,
Her face inscrutable for light;
A myriad larks in unison
808
So set its Sun in Thee
What Day be dark to me—
My mistress' eyes are nothing like the sun;
Coral is far more red than her lips' red;
If snow be white, why then her breasts are dun;
XXXII
The first time that the sun rose on thine oath
To love me, I looked forward to the moon
staring into the sun
white light
pure essence
THROUGH intricate motions ran
Stream and gliding sun
And all my heart seemed gay:
Great is the sun, and wide he goes
Through empty heaven with repose;
And in the blue and glowing days
The sun seeking my shadow
My shadow hides behind me
And when i look at mad-show
The sun got up and saw the moon.
'Why  are you out of bed so soon? '
'It is because a moon's required
Sun and Moon
Wishful lovers
Never touch
the sun
when you
close your eyes
As I look from the isle, o'er its billows of green,
To the billows of foam-crested blue,
Yon bark, that afar in the distance is seen,
(for Kwame)
1
It is mid-afternoon now,
Sun of my soul, Thou Savior dear,
It is not night if Thou be near;
O may no earthborn cloud arise
Sun of the sleepless! melancholy star!
Whose tearful beam glows tremulously far,
That show'st the darkness thou canst not dispel,
ANGEL, king of streaming morn;
Cherub, call'd by Heav'n to shine;
T' orient tread the waste forlorn;
Write this. We have burned all their villages
Write this. We have burned all the villages and the people in them
Write this. We have adopted their customs and their manner of dress
Sun, sun,
divine Ra-Helios,
you delight
Sun sun sun
Rising sun  the creator
Mid day blazing sun the destroyer Rudra
When your rationale for going to war
turns out to be false,
claim that you would have
999
Superfluous were the Sun
When Excellence be dead
Beautiful Sun! with thy golden rays,
To God, the wise Creator, be all praise;
For thou nourisheth all the creation,
Wherever the Catholic sun doth shine,
There’s always laughter and good red wine.
At least I’ve always found it so.
106
The Daisy follows soft the Sun—
And when his golden walk is done—
The moon still shines like that of ages old,
holding distant secrets like a tale yet to be told,
The sun in all its blinding beauty continues to lend us its rays,
oh!
the resplendent, red, rotund
the early morning sun
THE summer sun shone round me,
The folded valley lay
In a stream of sun and odour,
871
The Sun and Moon must make their haste—
The Stars express around
The sun is a beach ball covered in sand,
Warming up this little land.
It's been kicked into the blue sky,
The shadow by my finger cast
Divides the future from the past:
Before it, sleeps the unborn hour
The sun has burst the sky
Because I love you
And the river its banks.
The sun has long been set,
The stars are out by twos and threes,
The little birds are piping yet
The sun has set, and the long grass now
Waves dreamily in the evening wind;
And the wild bird has flown from that old gray stone
878
The Sun is gay or stark
According to our Deed.
The Sun is not just a special star
Huge balls of hot gases are stars spinning in space
So big so hot and giving heat and light to the Earth
692
The Sun kept setting—setting—still
No Hue of Afternoon—
152
The Sun kept stooping—stooping—low!
The Hills to meet him rose!
Once more the cauldron of the sun
Smears the bookcase with winy red,
And here my page is, and there my bed,
I wait for the Day -
My Dear Friend,
When you and me
The sun shines very brightly.
When cluds are not covering it.
The sun is yellow.
The sun rays in your eye,
The love you’re giving that I have found;
Like sun that shines though the sky,
Where did the sun go?
Somewhere we will never know
Where is the sun?
Busy old fool, unruly Sun,
Why dost thou thus,
Through windows, and through curtains, call on
"The sun says his prayers," said the fairy,
Or else he would wither and die.
"The sun says his prayers," said the fairy,
The sun sets in molten gold.
The evening clouds form a jade disk.
Where is he?
There is the sun
Who wakes me up for another day
That brightens each and every day
The sun is not a-bed, when I
At night upon my pillow lie;
Still round the earth his way he takes,
An ingenuity too astonishing
to be quite fortuitous is
this bog full of sundews, sphagnum-
The sun was slumbering in the West,
My daily labors past;
On Anna's soft and gentle breast
and the sun wields mercy
but like a jet torch carried to high,
and the jets whip across its sight
232
The Sun—just touched the Morning—
The Morning—Happy thing—
Three years she grew in sun and shower,
Then Nature said, "A lovelier flower
On earth was never sown;
The noonday sun
holds court in our galaxy
while earth spins her wheels
920
We can but follow to the Sun—
As oft as He go down
888
When I have seen the Sun emerge
From His amazing House—
WHEN the sun comes after rain
And the bird is in the blue,
The girls go down the lane
There you were
So distant from my life
Yet so near in my eyes
Why, when our sun shines clearest,
Why, when our hopes seen nearest,
Why, when our life feels dearest,
You flew in softly and tiptoed in my life
My parched soul got a reprieve
My heart is now your permanent home
(*when a young girl ventures out for her
first class in swimming she should briefed
on consequence of body baring as well
Swimming against the current requires skill and practice;
If one is sent on a mission as representative of a novice,
It's like swimming on unknown water by saying something
When the day becomes hot and hazy
And I become tired and lazy,
All I can do is keep on reneging,
After having their breakfast, roaming cats played together
Some cats sat to rest while others washed their snouts with their paws
BlackPearl strolled happily around my swimming pool
The painting, Blind Swimming by Max Ernst, is in part his metaphorical
illustration of the process of creativity. We see a portion of a river with a very strong current, running from the top of the painting downward. An object or entity which is traveling with this currents moves swiftly and elegantly downward. Another object with a bullet-like shape is struggling and at the whim of the current. Yet anotherobject shaped like a blade of some kind is slicing its way upwards.All afternoon I have been struggling to communicate in Italian with Roberto and Giuseppe, who have begun to resemble the two male characters in my Italian for Beginners, the ones who are always shopping or inquiring about the times of trains, and now I can hardly speak or write English.Watching children learn how to swim, my Granddaughter
having done quite well through the years, on the top
of her level each time.
Swimming goose;
I am dam.
Though dabbling
Should there be no demand
To what you can make best
You must choose one in demand,
Watching my Granddaughter at her swimming lessons,
she's just awesome!
Having learned how to swim when she was a year old,
She lives in her own bubble - doing what she
deems best for her budding business - trying
to ignore things irking her into impatience -
I a'm  a bridge
colourful pain and distress flowing under me.
All cross me walking.
I swim in a swimming pool, this afternoon
Of which, one half is in full sun, another one half in shade.
I have cut grass and trimmed bushes the whole day.
春日放鹅河上游
出句：
春日放鹅河上游【不正师太】
T-wentieth January morn
H-as made the day sunny;
E-vening shadows disappear,
Swimming along,
Just keep on swimming;
Swimming in the ocean with the joy of your heart!
It is an ocean
And it is mine
Somewhere in its depth lies my beginning
Head bobbing up and down, arms and feet slapping
water, splashing it white and foamy into the air
for just a quick moment, then once again becoming
Swayed by beauty
Of Sea never swim without
Knowing depth!I think that you should come upstairs
And drink with me,
Because there is nothing else the doctor can do:
How nice to swim in sea, river, lake and pond!
Floating body, pressing water, moving forward
How nice to enjoy spattering, splashing sound!
woke this morning
with many poems
swimming in my mind
I saw him in the distance, as the train went speeding by,
A shivery little fellow standing in the sun to dry.
And a little pile of clothing very near him I could see:
In Utopia, fools in swimming pools
Fall in and out of love
Because love belongs to bulls
Some snakes are swimming in drain
And some fishes too
Right after the monsoon rain!If you are not a good swimmer                                             Inevitably you will drown in                                               The roaring sea of the world,                                                    The deep and dark sea of the                                               World is risky and dangerous,                                                 Not anyone can swim well in                                                This large and wide sea of life,                                        There are a lot of sharks and                                             Whales spreading here and there                                            Amid a lot of other monsters,                                            In addition to that we can see                                             The scary waves of that sea                                             Move fast and beyond imagination,                                     You will drown in this big sea                                              Unless you resist and fight                                               All the fearful currents anywhere,                                       You love sea, but you don't                                              Trust it and all that belongs to it,                                                                         You like all kinds of fish and you                                         Like all kinds of sea foods that                                           Mostly come from inside the big                                            Abdomen of the pretty sea itself,                                        Even if you are an expert swimmer                                        You might drown and die easily, and                                           After all, swimming the way you                                           Want does not help all the time,                                        But you need to abide by the sea's                                            Desired or not not desired rules.If you are not skilled or experienced enough to swim, then           You might drown even at Fares' swimming pool                         Simply because you need to get yourself                             Trained by an expert or                                              Your swimming is unwelcome anytime.Quickly anticipating melodies and their liveliness
as they grab and take me with them into realms of
a musical reality.
Swimming apples
I sat and he tried
-to tell me of the time
You Sir in your silent desire
to become a millionaire
alas prove my point also
We swam the lake in mid-November
For a silly, madcap, dare.
In the distance watched a figure.
I always believed
that the russian president
who achieved
Lagoon of swimming crocodiles
but
as tiny as sperm
swimming in rivers
swimming in lakes
swimming at different beaches
A Swimmer swims one stroke at a time
Focusing all ones energy, on the finish line.
They try so hard, to keep up the pace
Clear glass like water
In it the swimming fish
Like the ideas........
And I took her to her first volleyball game
At my high school-
There she was,
My hopes are swimming
To search you dear God
In every direction I see
In my head, alcohol and its pall for callousness call
Emboldened by froth and wrath
In a show of gangrene gall in a mall
Are you swimming in a sea of tears?
Drenched in sorrow and clothed in fears?
Ocean of lifes deep regrets
It was a strange day.
When several honies came his way.
He was a bookworm.
soul prepares spirit
for time of bonding
swimming in light
anyone for swim window sea diving
dive through house blue window frame
into ripple blue sea changes inviting
DRY
Noon's Saharan heat
sears the yellow fringe-toed sand skink.
Situating circumstances in lines of priority,
following protocols that are now non-existent,
because nothing is the way it's supposed to be.
Oh Death I am a coward
You drink an old man’s blood
So ruthless in your power
Swimming deep in love, it is possible to get rare pearls,
A fulfilment nothing can give in this world of uncertainty;
Love is the source for all remarkable things of great value
Tracks across the heavens, disappearing into clouds, no
vehicles driving upon them, only pictures in my mind.
Wanting to be up there, hanging from strings which are
got a date with destiny
words are flowing rapidly
creativity is no fantasySome creatures learn to stand and walk,
Some learn to swim or fly,
Some creatures learn to sing and talk,
Red corals and blue algae,
Wet sadness and swimming love
Need their own light.Swim I Wish To
in summer not spring
in sea shores
The ocean is so close to me,
As if this overpass were a cradle:
The earliest stars are like her eyes to me,
On this special Eve
I swim with my four grand kids
Under cloudy sky.
Swimming in the swimming pool
is where I like to 'B,'
wearing underwater goggles
There have been so many like U.S.
Trying to get into your dream's.
Though unlike U.S.
Swimming is fun
you can swim in the sun
Yes swimming is fun.
The sand between my toes gave my standing ground;
I waded in the warm and shallow waters, soft and calm as the currentless sea.
A sudden wave plunged me into unassuming depths,
Do you know swimming
I am not asking as
I know you are alive
Swimming for a healthy body
For a healthy mind
For a relaxation from problems
So soothing the warm hand
which poises, glides across
the eddies of my soul
If anyone can not swim very well, then                                 Drowning will be inevitable                                           Simply because we can not have any fun                                With any ocean,                                                       With any sea, or                                                       With any river anytime, anywhere, and everywhere...                    Only able-bodied swimmer can manage                                   Any kind of swimming with long time experiences...                   We all love to swim, but                                               Well-trained people can escape...                                 _________________________________________________ ____________________I have just drunk the waters of Changsha
And come to eat the fish of Wuchang.
Now I am swimming across the great Yangtze,
I recollect the moment,
When my friends and I,
Would dive into the pond,
Swimming in the crystal water
Is a thing of joy,
There's the play of light
i swim through this world
through two eyes,
two hands, . legs
Be patient in the heat strokes sweetheart,
There is a shy rose hidden in the thwart,
Get up throw the clothes wear a swimming suit,
Tourist Hotel´s Pool
The swimming pool at the hotel is empty
guests are having supper.
I saw a salmon once, like an empty sock
Its procreative powers leeched away
Senile, rheumy eyed, a near-dead thing
Butterflies, Complete panic,
A thrill of excitement.
Watching the water, pure and clear,
Water born species always swims
No one teaches them to swim
The best swimmers of rivers
I am in my swimming suit,
And I am in the water.
It is all water here,
Freshly risen sun has shown face,
Swimming this is in sky's chest,
Swimming this is in water's chest,
Disappear between the space of dust
In a smoke, within the light
Time moves in any speed
Light of spirit helps me soar
the sky I sing.
Inside the draft up high wind
Lovers who want to make successful lives
always compromise
I have since years gone by
She tried to warn me
right from the start,
she said she had a friend
how i wish to swim with the dark queen
how i like it that way
where i make the strokes, set aside the water with my hands
when the meaning of water
ceases to be fluid
one fish swims with the rage of the river
I saw myself a lake of stars
As I walked past the lake last night
They reminded me of a thousand burning cigars
when sun's at twilight
I'm lying nude on it—to
jump into the seaليست السباحة,                              في اي بحر,                                 و سوف لن تكون                               مثل السباحة                                 في اي بركة سباحة                            لأنه ببساطة حينما يسبح المرء                 في اي بحر                                   انه يشعر حينئذ شعورا كبيرا و مختلفا         و حينما يسبح في اية بركة سباحة              فأن المرء يشعر بأنه مقيد                    بمحيط تلك البركة................           انا لااقول ان السباحة في اي بركة سباحة       ليست جيدة                                   و لكنها ليست كالسباحة في اي بحر في اي وقت...........................                 اعتاد المرحوم والدي ان يصطحبنا الى مسبحي العمال و فارس                               ليعلمنا كيف نسبح بشكل افضل....             عشقنا السباحة في هذه البرك                  و لكننا اردنا ان نكون احرارا في             البحر....................                  في ذلك كنا في سن القاصرين                   و كان ذلك حطا احمرا لنا في ان نجرؤ على السباحة في البحر الجميل                     خشية علينا من الغرق....                    بقينا على هذه الحال لسنوات كثيرة            قدر استطاعتنا.............                 ان اي بحر غدار                              و لذلك                                     فالسباحة بدون مرافقة                        قد تكلف المرء حياته                         في اي وقت...                                           للسباحة, في اي بحر,                      اهلها                                         و لكن                                       السباحة في اية بركة سباحة                                       فهي لكل الاعمار                             و اكثر امنا                                    ________________________________________________It is good to swim in seas
When we can be friendly with the sea
The salinity that made it
The breezes waved the silver grass,
Waist-high along the siding,
And to the creek we ne'er could pass
Every one can't swim in a river
Which experience makes some to swim
The swimming a perfect exercise
Swimming in any sea is not and                                        It will not be like that swimming in                                  Any swimming pool                                                     Simply because when someone swims in any sea, then                    He feels great and different, but                                     When swimming in any swimming pool, then                              Someone feels that he is tied to the circumference of                 That swimming pool,                                                  I am not saying that swimming in any swimming pool is not good, but   It is not like of that swimming in any sea anytime,                  My late dad used to take us to the Oummal and Fares swimming pool To Teach us greatly how to swim,                                        We loved swimming in these swimming pools, but                        We wanted to be free in the sea,                                     At that time and we were being underage,                             It was a red line for us to swim in the pretty sea fearing that       We might be drown....                                                We remained like this for as many years as we could....              Any sea is treacherous, so                                            Swimming without being accompanied might cost someone his or her life Anytime....................                                          Swimming in any sea has its own people, but                           Swimming in any swimming pool might be for all ages and               It's always safer..................                                  _________________________________________________ _____________________In the grayness of a chilly November Dawn
The salmon are swimming up current to spawn
Of the Duhallow rivers as the flood does subside
The salmon are swimming upriver in the cold gray damp of the dawn
To the gravel beds of the rapids to dig out their spawning beds to spawn
November is their breeding season in the cold and wet Northern Fall
I went with them to the fishing hole,
Way back yonder in the back of the woods, .
Two girl's
fish
Swimming
On
Clouds in asphalt, in the graffiti of sweet things,
Swinging their hips to the store to buy roses for
Themselves while the rain slings;
There is a swimming pool in a small town
where water sparkles as blue as the sky,
where some bikini clad girls draw the eye,
We swim a few times
across the water
where people float
Cold, blue water, shimmering and shining like broken ice
floating around with the morning breeze.
Many children learning how to swim, trying to follow
eyes are
watching sky
moon will walk...
In payment for those mornings at the mirror while,
at her
expense, I’d started my late learning in Applied
Writing brush swimming ink pool fully dips poetry and Chinese painting feelings
求下联——笔泳墨池饱蘸诗情国画意
★ 笔泳墨池饱蘸诗情国画意【不正师太出句】
If, in the month of dark December,
Leander, who was nightly wont
(What maid will not the tale remember?)
‘You were swimming in cold water, ’
Said a Voice suddenly from
Behind the trees ‘and you are
ପାଣିର ସ୍ୱପ୍ନ,
ସ୍ୱପ୍ନରେ ପାଣି
ବହୁଛି ଉଜାଣି।
She so loved Him
was so beloved of Him
that He spoke to her and said
I still remember him, though his face is not clear
For he only brought me to the world of
Alphabets, numbers and wonderful stories
My most loved teacher is Irene miss
She is always very bliss
She answers all my questions
A bad teacher is negatively pessimistic
A good teacher is positively optimistic
A bad teacher swears all the time
Giving my ears a painful tweak
She called me nitwit, tittering freak
Your wishy-washy ideas are quite antique
A teacher will guide you in many ways,
Displaying patience and inspiring hope,
A knowledgeable person with a spirited soul,
All year I had behaved,
with not a friggin' hair
or sound of dissonance
A nice teacher
Never gives out alot
of work to their students.
A new day to face many eyes,
Such inquisitive look  never lies,
The brain increases in sight,
The final exams are in the offing
Mugging and bugging in full swing
Burning the midnight oil
A teacher is the best artist of the child.
He is also the real builder of our Nation.
If his statue fails, the child becomes wild.
Father, mother, sister rolled into one,
nanny, lover, helper and adviser,
caretaker, watchmaker, great planner,
I was abused literally and pushed aside by teacher
He was in rage to see me when I tried to enter
He might have some grievances in mind to nurture
Of one's responsibilities and of one's properties,
The day od clouds and thick darkness will meet us all;
But, copulation brings about the fertilization of the eggs.
As a Tribute to you O dear Teacher
I wish to dedicate this poem.
You are an unselfish soul,
Thirteen years older
but hardly wiser
I return to my past
The best possible words,
with the best possible meaning,
in the best possible order,
The everyday duties of a teacher
Are as difficult as they can be,
Whether in an elementary or secondary school
bumped into my grandson's English teacher yesterday
at the football, and in between shouting like teenagers
I moaned about the state of A's Eng. Lit. not to mention Eng. Lang. -
For some, you may be the candle
But for me, you are the light
That showed me how to handle
He was my instructor
In a college English class.
His stories took us to Italy
teacher o so wise all do cry of the
bounty sweet words flowing ever
from your lips.
With a special gift for learning
And with a heart that deeply cares,
You add a lot of love
I’m sitting in class,
My eyes about to close,
I hope teacher don’t see,
(1st place winner of Texas Career Association Poetry Contest 2010)
When I am done with school,
I am turning right back around
One is the mind, never bridged.
One is the mind of always, filled.Man of sincere love
Great source of true knowledge
He is called a teacher.Home is the first school and mother is the first teacher.
Parents are the builder of children's characters and minds.
The mother won't be a fighter but should be a well preacher.
I love my teacher
He is full of life
I love my teacher
One fine morning i went my school
To meet my teachers and friends
Saw what i never had seen in their
This is the first poem I have written.
----------------
If I become a teacher I will
I know not of a man better than him
a man of morals and purity
my best teacher and example in life
You know your true friend when you are in most need
For like 'tis said such a friend is a friend indeed
One who stands by you when you are feeling down
Life is a puzzle that challenges the master mind
Life is a struggle
Life is commitment
Life is a teacher, which teaches how to live.
Life is a teacher, which teaches how to win.
Life is a teacher, which teaches how to laugh.
Life, the perfect teacher,
has a lot for us to offer,
right from the time we first open our eye,
They say the years from one to five,
when tiny tots become alive,
li'l professors they are, really
She has blond hair,
Her smile is pink.
She comes from America,
My ice cold blood
[you're not a warm-blooded creature]
Your ice cold stare
I again try to write for him
To tell him how I feel
And again my thoughts just fall off the page
my teacher ate my homework,
which i thought was rather odd.
he sniffed at it and smiled,
Books are confusing
.Exams are tentioning.
But u are never bussy
I am back with Komal Sujeet,
I told you she is extremly sweet.
She made my life heaven,
Each one has an important part
They guided us all the way
Each one has a place in my heart
As the sun shines so we make our hay,
Knowing that it is not here to stay,
And that soon it will fade away,
the teacher talks
the teacher thinks im listening
the teacher is my friend
Same smiling face of his
Same eyes falling on me
Of twenty years gone days
My teacher is my knowledge bank
If I do not know anything,
I do not hesitate, I am always free & frank…
today my teacher she ask me to come up front.
after the others had left come and see.
receiving only cee's i did.
'My teacher wasn't half as nice as yours seems to be.
His name was Mister Unsworth and he taught us history.
And when you didn't know a date he'd get you by the ear
Teacher, teacher, teacher,
you don't be a preacher,
and never be a searcher,
teacher
please
be my guide
Oh teacher, Oh teacher!
My test isn't signed
Because somehow
It is the colour of seven threaded in one;
As that of a free silk gown, before the eyes of poor!
It is a greeting to earth through clouds;
Relation Between Teacher And Student Is Like,
The Relation Between Potter And His Pot,
Like Them Teachers Also,
I loved to be a Medical-Teacher;
My Teacher Father was my role model;
His scholarliness was his great feature;
Mother Nature’s the best teacher we know,
Teaching both young and old without a fee;
Through flora, fauna and all creatures, oh!
The Teacher isn’t a source of mere knowledge;
Neither is he a passive transmitter;
He frees the creative bird from the hedge,
Just when I am attempting
To write on Vedas and Upanishads;
Comprehending the status of a Guru,
Teaches me good things
Every single day
All through the year.
My mother is
Home
Teacher...
The Teacher Man teaches kids from all over the world
The Teacher Man  teaches no matter boy or girl
The Teacher Man teaches Christians, Muslims, and Jews
With a caring mind and noble heart,
You teach us the life’s art.
Taking on a tough task,
Teacher
An occupation of worthiness,
An occupation of respect.
'That will teach you! '
He learnt how to
hit his wife
Teacher teacher, fairest of all,
Tell us what leaves will dropp in the fall?
Orange, yellow, red you say,
The teacher taught;
The pupils never bought the notion.
Now distraught, he
Teacher was
Learn the
Black board...
I ask a question
And am showered in grace
My tongue wags
Teacher says,
teacher goes,
teacher smiles,
Teacher is a soldier with a pen and an eternal guide
Lighting wisdom to mind decayed and white,
Floating tirelessly till dark with no pride,
Teacher, teacher, teacher, teach me now
Teacher, teacher, teacher, guide me now
Teacher, teacher, teacher, show the way
Deltona, Florida  32725
Columbia, MD 21044
The Teacher Is The Teacher's Teacher:
Pat was the coolest teacher I ever knew.
My kids adored him.
He hated hypocrisy
From under light pink silken gown
arose, his silly face a grin
Rudolph the red-nose circus clown
I  bumped into my grandson's English teacher yesterday
at the football, and in between shouting like teenagers
I moaned about the state of A's Eng. Lit. not to mention Eng. Lang. -
Never he showed the maps and globes to the boys.
His sudden entry scared them in the room.
Straddling his bike, he flew with a deafening noise.
Life
Has turned out to be
The greatest teacher
The greatest teacher of all
Is our Lord, Jesus Christ
The kindest teacher of all
The last of the group is a teacher.
A history teacher to be in fact.
And I know many hate the study of history,
That little cherub sitting there
With eager eyes and expectant air
Who knows what he may become...
Looking back on
yesterday,
caught by
he prides himself about
this job
where he is all wise
Here's the rule for what to do
If ever your teacher has the flu
Or for some other reason takes to her bed
Some drown in hydrolyzed clouds
Some fall with the rains’ wiping away
All progress made let fade into top soils
Here alone with all I profess
A faith, a belief in some systems of thought
Professors and priests, mystics and bards
The child is ahead of me,
he is jogging faster than me.
But why he is turning back and looking at me?
From his childhood he had been as one filled with the perfect
knowledge of God, and even while he was yet but a lad many of the
saints, as well as certain holy women who dwelt in the free city of
I was twenty-six the first time I held
a human heart in my hand.
It was sixty-four and heavier than I expected,
A Cross is slanting ‘tween two withered trees -
I saw him first in peace, amid a crowd
Of streets, nor dreamed him ever one of these,
I wish I’d known him better.
But our respect for him was such
that you only spoke to him
The teacher must know
As Plato once
Well said it
You taught me how to fly
above the skies...
Yes, you!
This peach
that I’ve just eaten,
been graced by,
Oh my teacher...
let me praise you,
for you sprouted me out,
What would life be
Without colours?
“I have no clue
If I should meet you
on the dusty road of life
Do not despair
i am taught well,
now my hands won't swell,
cause i have learned,
You want someone to hear you
Run your mouth
No one wants to listen to a pathological liar
Anika awakens the child in me,
I watch her, as she fetches her toys
And shows off with pride and glee
Thank you for the sun and showers
Thank you for the Springtime flowers
Thank you for the lambs that bleat
You
wrote a poem
I read it
Thank you dear Father for all the wonders and gifts you'v bestowed
from the fullness of your bounty, enriching my heart and soul
brilliant yellow blossoms hanging heavily and bending every bough
Dear Father in Heaven, today I'm not going to ask anything of you.
I want to praise you Lord and give thanks for all that you do.
As of late Father I've asked you for many blessings and you have granted many of them Father.  You helped my daughter find her way and open a wonderful art shop, oh Lord I thank you. You kept my children out of harms way Lord and showed my grandson the error of his ways bringing him back on track Lord, I thank you.  You granted my   grandson, my daughter and myself a trip to Nova Scotia this year Lord, I thank you Father.  You made sure my mother isn't suffering with her leg Father.  You saw to it that David Harris came home from the hospital and is recovering nicely, I thank you Father.  You took care of some issues for my friends Shelley and her new husband Michael Lord, I thank you.
The ancient sage, beset with too many thoughts
for one human lifetime,
chooses carefully the place to sit
Her coat shone silky smooth that afternoon.
Her tail wagged like a metronome.
She raced the local kids around the oval.
A
Million
Thanks
Thank you Lord for the glorious light,
That comes every morning, from the sun so bright.
Thank you Lord, for the evening breeze,
When stillness
walked into the room
there was no need
have roamed in this site
have caressed  got comforted
by words of manyTo He who is all powerful, thanks for the many
blessings you have bestowed on me.
To those I love, thanks for all you do.
He was not in to surface love,
Deemed it casual and for show;
But felt that deep within oneself
I am sorry!
Sorry, is sometimes 'Countless'.
like the waves swipe and step on my feet
It is thirteen years today
since you sent me on the
home depot mission
I thought that my Thanksgiving would be ruined because my cat ran away.
But he returned last night and I give thanks for that today.
I'm thankful for God, my health, my parents and my cat.
Today I can finally thank you
Thanks so much for tossing my heart in a shredder
Thanks for making me feel blown off and unimportant that one last time
Endless thanks God
For making my pen mighty
And there’s nothing to be afraid of
We played at the park that afternoon
She chased a football, wagging her tail
And barking at the local kids who
Just a few dwindling pools remain
in what was once the river bed.
Three years and more without rain.
when you are sad and weary,
and nothing give you peace,
just close your eyes,
I asked Allah for strenght, that I might achieve I was so week, that i might learn humbly to obey.. I asked for health, that I might I might do better things...
I asked for riches, that I might be happy I was given poverty, that I might be wise... I ask for power, that I might have the praise of men
I was given weakness, that I might feel the need me Allah..
When times are lean with nought to share
When love is hard to find
Where cold nights reign with cupboards bare
I give Thanks
A moment too soon
Words Spoken too early
Giving thanks to him, because he’s God
And God is in everything, don’t you see?
God is in you and me and always will be,
For
the stillness of the morn
our joy when tiny lambs are born
thanks for being strength in my weakness
thanks for being hope in my despair
and mores, thanks for being there
Our world of so many modern conveniences
We were born to accept, and have taken for granted
Allow us to live our lives with very little inconveniences
thanks for giving pain for a while,
then by god's grace, you restored my smile.
thanks for being so patient & mild,
Ruthlessly the judgement was pronounced
A shameful death sentence
To be carried out at the place of a skull
Mental
Asylun
Not for me
ACCOMPANYING MANUSCRIPTS PRESENTED TO A FRIEND.
'T is said that in the Holy Land
The angels of the place have blessed
It is a good feeling
when you help someone in distress,
impart on them the knowledge
There is no way I’d like to be
somebody else: I quite like me.
I’ll never be a household name
You make me want to give up
you make me want to stop trying
You say you dont care
For the gladness here where the sun is shining at evening on the weeds at the river,
Our prayer of thanks.
For the laughter of children who tumble barefooted and bareheaded in the summer grass,
Thanks for being there
Always being so aware
Thanks for being near when I needed you here
Sincere thanks to the Africans who,
Made us proud at the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games;
For there their talents were exposed to the world.
Hey Dad look at me now,
Look at how i've grown.
Opps I forgot your not around,
This is my 2000th poem,
though not all are posted here.
A lot of my early work
Afzal Shauq Has A Vision Of All The World.. By: -Tanvi Damle from India
_____________________________________________ ____
While browsing through poemhunter.com, I stumbled upon Mr. Afzal Shauq's profile. I read his first poem and was so amazed by his writing that i sat the whole say, reading through his amazing work.
Thanks a Lot, Mom
Thanks a lot, Mom.
Thanks for loving me to no end.
What i told you
i told in
confidence
Thanks dad
For helping me through my darkest times
Thanks dad
Thanks for being here, even though You're on the phone.
Thanks for being here, so I don't feel all left out alone.
Thanks for being here, to talk away my fears.
THANKS FOR BEING THERE
Thanks for being, you,
Thanks for giving me the joys and smiles from day one,
Thanks for calling
You're a gem
That is why
I am free
from all the things I have done to me
I am free to fly
Thanks for letting us know
That we are not going to see you tonight
You are going to miss out the fun
Thanks for not giving up on me like everyone else...
Thanks for picking me up when everybody was looking down on me...
Thanks for wiping the tears from my eyes when i cried...
Thanks for playing with my feelings,
How i wish i could stop my heart from beating,
Thanks for playing with my heart,
The flowers sent here by mistake,
signed with a name that no one knew,
are turning bad. What shall we do?
Thanks for telling me, you are not what you are..! ! And thanks for not telling, that,
you have got two faces...! !
Now, please do tell me one thing,
You know how when there’s a disaster where a bunch of
people are killed and the one guy who survives thanks God?
I think that’s a pretty screwed up perspective on the situation.
-  * THANKS FOR THE MEMORIES * -
You used to send me little things
that brightened up my day.
Thanks for the memory,
For a man; golden history,
Lived a life full of misery,
Today is the day
I wanted so much to say
Thanks for the tears
Thank You, Lord, for simple things
That money just can’t buy:
Love, health, happiness
In search of crime and criminals
I muster my subliminals.
Write poems, simply, on the run
the storms wait
by the window
the sea rises upon
Thanks Lord for wipping our tears
Because our tears came down from our eyes
So fast while we had cried todayI scavenged the thoughts,
Strained them from mind
Set them to the corner to take form
The moment you’re born, your parents promise you that they will always be there.
As you grow up, and reach maturity, you’ll realize that they say words but they don’t really care.
They tell you “we’ve been there, and done it, so don’t make the same mistake because we understand.”
thanks for making me comfortable.
on my first day at hospital.
thanks for standing like a friend,
Thanks for all your appreciation
I value it alot
Normally no-one cares
My thankfulness for the sacred text
you have engraved on my obelisk
The hieroglyphics carved means so much
This is for every girl that has gossiped about me.
This is for every boy that has ever broken my heart.
This is for all the friends that I thought I had, but in the end just turned out to be backstabbers.
She thanked
the cancer
for finally
Sometimes a grateful word is said
In reply to a kindness paid
But no word has any greater rank
Meeting you was the moment I still can remember it
Hearing well-intentioned word I still can feel it
Letting you in here in my heart I still envision it
Thanks for your fresh Spirit
You supply each day
Thanks for guidance
HER griefs were the hours
When my struggle was sore,--
Her joys were the powers
Thank you for being here.
to help me and console me.
You brighten my day
Thank you, Lord, that I awoke
to see the rising sun
I pray the deeds I so today
Thank you,
Thanks for looking after me
Thanks for having someone to look upto and admire
Thanks for being that kind
In my heart and mind
I'll prosper your way
I saw you,
You.
Not an outward imitation,
Thanks for this and thanks for that
Thanks for the known and thanks for the unknown
Thanks for the things loved
Thanks for being there
Always being so aware
Thanks for being near when I needed you here
the castles of salzburg
the prairies of prussia
the tundras of russia
I don't know how you do it,
your calm tone and your different views.
No matter what's happening you make me think I can do it.
I feel impelled to say a big 'THANK YOU '
to all my PH friends...
Who've inspired me to continue
I started out long ago
with a handful of dreams,
but through the years,
MY FATHER SAID
ALONG LONG TIME AGO
HE SAID SON TAKE A GOOD LOOK AROUND
You wait, always wait,
equally places and states
of mind:
Thanks to the native Indians,
Who saved those arriving in ill health
And disease.
In Bob Dylan’s backyard
there were twelve chapped faces
huddled in an old church basement
Thanks to you
I can no longer open up and let my guard down
Thanks to you
You never let me live my life my way
You say it was in my best interest
But was it really or was it just in your best interest
Your pensive pen that is filled with honeyed thoughts,
Inks in my bossom with nectarous qoute;
Your marmalade of love flavors my heart;
Thanks for always being there for me.
Thanks for that person you helped me to be
Thanks that you never let me be alone
The Other Night I got the blues and tried to smile in vain.
I couldn’t chuck a chuckle at the foolery of Twain;
When Ward and Billings failed to bring a twinkle to my eye,
All around the world,
poems are talking among themselves
when the books are shut,
While reading these poems my heart wanted to cry
as the words and the meanings brought a tear to my eye
remembering the innocence of childhood
Is it the tear measures hate and love?
Is it the laughter gages one’s kindness?
Is it the fame evaluates the popularity?
WE THRIVE THANKS TO THE BEAUTY
We thrive thanks to the Beauty
Of Small Acts of Kindness,
Forty words:
Falling in love with love,
My heart was aglow.
thanks for all who commented and thanks for who inspired me,
who let it be from Top 500 poems
thanks for that sailor who left his mermaid on that island while waiting under one  tree..
I remember a time filled
with bliss
A time that I will
Astound feelings
Beloved feels,
At long last
The last benches of the class rooms,
know more no of love stories,
million times heard yet never boring,
A future time, a future place
Here on Earth or out in space
The doors are open if you choose
FOR one throb of the artery,
While on that old grey stone I Sat
Under the old wind-broken tree,
The war will change many things in art and life, and among them, it is to be hoped, many of our own ideas as to what is, and what is not, "intellectual."
Thou, whose deep ways are in the sea,
Whose footsteps are not known,
Spring in my step
Spring in the air
Spring!
Once, at night, in the manor wood
My Love and I long silent stood,
Amazed that any heavens could
A time to laugh, a time to cry,
A time to love, a time to sigh.
The love we feel is put in us to stay,
Memories arrive unannounced
in the head, much inclined
to hold in thrall, let them bounce
Always for the first time
Hardly do I know you by sight
You return at some hour of the night to a house at an angle to my window
And the time will be our time to pray
And the time will be our time to learn to love the people here on earth
And the time will be our time for us to learn to get along with the people Here on the earth
AS the time draws nigh, glooming, a cloud,
A dread beyond, of I know not what, darkens me.
I shall go forth,
There's a time to enjoy
The flowers of spring
And all those pleasures
Cherries of the night are riper
Than the cherries pluckt at noon
Gather to your fairy piper
Crowds of people shopping, here and there
A white blanket of snow everywhere
Pretty lights all aglow
A half-hour more and you will lean
To gather me close in the old sweet way--
But oh, to the woman over the sea
Find time, for this day shall soon be night
Find time to love, whilst you still have life
Find time to visit the sick and the old
Nothing is higher
Than honor and pride
No one is dearer
From time to time
The clouds give rest
To the moon beholders..Gently on the stream of time,
We are floating day by day,
In life's native boats sublime
I Am Time, Time, Indelible, Indestructible
I am Time,
Time Indelible, Indestructible,
I had no time to hate, because
The grave would hinder me,
And life was not so ample I
*this poem was written about a friend,
and what she is going thru these days*
i quit cutting a while back
I thank God time and time again
I thank God every day
I am always thanking God
In a dark time, the eye begins to see,
I meet my shadow in the deepening shade;
I hear my echo in the echoing wood--
Less time than it takes to say it, less tears than it takes to die; I've taken account of everything,
there you have it. I've made a census of the stones, they are as numerous as my fingers and some
others; I've distributed some pamphlets to the plants, but not all were willing to accept them. I've
LONG TIME I LAY IN LITTLE EASE
LONG time I lay in little ease
Where, placed by the Turanian,
I
Ancestral Houses
SURELY among a rich man s flowering lawns,
And did those feet in ancient time
Walk upon England's mountains green?
And was the holy Lamb of God
Never the time and the place
And the loved one all together!
This path--how soft to pace!
THERE is no time like the old time, when you and I were young,
When the buds of April blossomed, and the birds of spring-time sung!
The garden's brightest glories by summer suns are nursed,
Distanced by dreams,
of yesteryears life,
Days come and go,
Oh for the swords of former time!
Oh for the men who bore them,
When, arm'd for Right, they stood sublime,
My spirit is too weak; mortality
Weighs heavily on me like unwilling sleep,
And each imagined pinnacle and steep
Fly, envious Time, till thou run out thy race,
Call on the lazy leaden-stepping hours,
Whose speed is but the heavy plummet's pace;
Open, Time, and let him pass
Shortly where his feet would be!
Like a leaf at Michaelmas
OR, from that Sea of Time,
Spray, blown by the wind--a double winrow-drift of weeds and shells;
(O little shells, so curious-convolute! so limpid-cold and voiceless!
Some of your classes might be boring,
But don’t you dare get caught snoring.
Get your homework done,
Cold and heat!
Winter and Summer;
The muse of life,
Life is shifting time to time
As from birth to death we do
We work whole day and take rest
Against that time, if ever that time come,
When I shall see thee frown on my defects,
When as thy love hath cast his utmost sum,
How soon hath Time, the subtle thief of youth,
Stoln on his wing my three and twentieth year!
My hasting days fly on wtih full career,
Devouring Time, blunt thou the lion's paws,
And make the earth devour her own sweet brood;
Pluck the keen teeth from the fierce tiger's jaws,
Time, cruel Time, come and subdue that brow
Which conquers all but thee, and thee, too, stays
As if she were exempt from scythe or bow,
The first time that the sun rose on thine oath
To love me, I looked forward to the moon
To slacken all those bonds which seemed too soon
First time he kissed me, he but only kissed
The finger of this hand wherewith I write;
And ever since, it grew more clean and white,
Debate and rate
With added weight
While patterns picked
I feel the Spring far off, far off,
The faint far scent of bud and leaf--
Oh how can Spring take heart to come
'T was just this time last year I died.
I know I heard the corn,
When I was carried by the farms,--
THOUGH leaves are many, the root is one;
Through all the lying days of my youth
I swayed my leaves and flowers in the sun;
Time or fate may separate friends, lovers,
But friendship or love that's true will ever
Thenceforth continue to live forever,
High above, sitting on his ledge, to himself he is to think.  I am neither nor am I heard.  I am as ghost.  I try and I try, oh how hard I do try, but I must, I mustn’t cry, but now instead his hazel eyes grow moist.  A heavy line and scarred face is stained by years.
Such a said faith for this one of light, personally known for the slayings of both the serpent and a dragon, should have never become one of the fallen.
Children need never suffer, but pain is so much a part of this child’s life.  Pain, his unwanted friend, in a sense his religion, and in death he hopes they will part.
Zeus,
Brazen-thunder-hurler,
Cloud-whirler, son-of-Kronos,
Night closed my windows and
The sky became a crystal house
The crystal windows glowed
Praise, they that will, times past: I joy to see
Myself now live; this age best pleaseth me!The Spring-time, O the Spring-time!
Who does not know it well?
When the little birds begin to build,
The time I like best is 6am
when the snow is 6 inches deep
which I'm yet to discover
The time I've lost in wooing,
In watching and pursuing
The light that lies
The time when first I fell in love,
Which now I must lament;
The year wherein I lost such time
They say that 'time assuages,'--
Time never did assuage;
An actual suffering strengthens,
Time against Time
My life is somewhere lost
in the seed of time,
Time and time again
we rise and fall
like the tides
Time and time again,
lives in every plane.
Flying and retiring,
Time and time and time
again
i've sought a perfect rhyme
jail time, heroin time,
back alley shuffle time,
standing in the soup line time....
Each day I wait,
Each time I cry,
Each moment I fall,
Time by Time
Bide your time
There is no time to hold the time
It was my shame, and now it is my boast,
That I have loved you rather more than most.The seasons always come around;
For time cannot be interrupted
A frigid winter cold and frosty
Times gives life meaning and sustenance, so we're all
somewhat on common ground, so life doesn't confound.
Time doesn't stay the same, nor does the world.
Time flows
Like the perennial river
Time rides the crest
Like the ghost of a dear friend dead
Is Time long past.
A tone which is now forever fled,
You teach me the art of life,
to endure the sudden strife.
Time, time, I love you very much.
It was not in the Winter
Our loving lot was cast;
It was the time of roses—
Unfathomable Sea! whose waves are years,
Ocean of Time, whose waters of deep woe
Are brackish with the salt of human tears!
On the wide level of a mountain's head,
(I knew not where, but 'twas some faery place)
Their pinions, ostrich-like, for sails out-spread,
My mirror tries to convince me that I’m old.
Yet I have a fresh face I’m told.
So these furrows in this body I behold, as
Not made of matter
Always present without figure..
Always mime
I have floated on the water
of my life with time.
I enjoyed every beat
Time is on my side, yes, it is.
Time is on my side, yes, it is.
Now you were saying that you want to be free
Time  time  time
Make time, give time, take time out
Win time, cost time, the time of your life
Time, time, time, time,
Sometimes I don't know how to make use of it
Time, time, time, time,
A birdie with a yellow bill
Hopped upon my window sill,
Cocked his shining eye and said:
Time has no conclusion
it will never terminate
Time waits for nobody
A solid rock may
Look stationary
Deep inside its atoms
Time time time time
You flow in your tides
And rises to every prime
While fates permit us, let's be merry;
Pass all we must the fatal ferry;
And this our life, too, whirls away,
It doesn’t matter what’s the cause,
What wrong they say we’re righting,
A curse for treaties, bonds and laws,
Red Rose, proud Rose, sad Rose of all my days!
Come near me, while I sing the ancient ways:
Cuchulain battling with the bitter tide;
Gather ye rose-buds while ye may:
Old Time is still a-flying;
And this same flower that smiles to-day,
To think of time--of all that retrospection!
To think of to-day, and the ages continued henceforward!
Have you guess'd you yourself would not continue?
Tributes must be paid from time to time;
Half the yield should be given to me.
The whole of pepper yield should be handed over
Out of the mud two strangers came
And caught me splitting wood in the yard,
And one of them put me off my aim
Eternity is like unto a Ring.
Time, like to Measure, doth it self extend;
Measure commences, is a finite thing.
Time was upon
The wing, to fly away;
And I call'd on
WARBLE me now, for joy of Lilac-time,
Sort me, O tongue and lips, for Nature's sake, and sweet life's
sake--and death's the same as life's,
Was there a time when dancers with their fiddles
In children's circuses could stay their troubles?
There was a time they could cry over books,
When He ordered me to pray at once,
I left the bed,
I washed my hands,
Time is something we don't understand,
It's gone with a hello and a shake of the hand.
Never enough time for those you hold dear
Late lies the wintry sun a-bed,
A frosty, fiery sleepy-head;
Blinks but an hour or two; and then,
Some say life is beautiful
some say its sad.
Some people see forests of green
“Right Place - Right Time” “Wrong Place – Wrong Time”
We all end up there
We believe it’s the right place
just now, today
and for a moment, thus
forever,
Today I looked at you
and got the feeling that
maybe you still love me
Forget today my tired soul
imagine you never said those destructive words
another person no longer sees your worth
God is
Love...
Did not
Today is a good day to be happy
The sun's brightly shinning,
Birds are gaily singing,
I saw a reason to smile today
when I saw a butterfly flutter its wings around my way.
I saw a reason to smile today,
It was a year ago today
We went our seperate ways
Strange now to think
We saw you last a year ago today.
A harsh November wind blew wild and cold;
The city lights below were on display
I saw her by the bus stop
and she glanced  my way
she gave me such a pretty smile
They came from the lower levels
Deep down in the Brilliant mine;
From the wastes where the whirlwind revels,
Today is that day
not on  the calendar,
as National Olfactory Day,
Today is your big birthday. You're finally a ''teen''.
You'll always be my baby, I can't help how you're seen.
You've grown into such a sweetie with a crazy, loony smile.
i delight in
days like today
when we are alone
If you saw the film 'Four Weddings and a Funeral'
you'd have been moved maybe to tears
by his 'Funeral Blues';
An Easter flower cuts light into the sill
The sound of suffering is forever still.
Tears of forgiveness warm the evening chill.
I think I've been in love with you
Since the dawn of love first bloomed
For as long as the wind has whispered words;
God has truly blessed me today
I open the door of this house
To let the fresh air in
Our ride
Through life
Is short
Hush'd be the camps today,
And soldiers let us drape our war-worn weapons,
And each with musing soul retire to celebrate,
i almost robbed a bank today
i stood in line and while i waited
i made a plan on how i would do it
i am the hoodie you pass on the street
i am the one you dread to meet
i am the one in the park
223
I Came to buy a smile—today—
But just a single smile—
today nothing is the same
though I thought
no tears
I didn't go to church today,
I trust the Lord to understand.
The surf was swirling blue and white,
I feel like a protesting mood today. Consecutive Governments all over the world are eroding our rights away one by one. We must not do this and we must not do that.
A good case in point is the smoking ban, well that has just got way out of hand. I agree no smoking in places where we eat, but now the idiots wants to ban you smoking in your own car! Now that is stretching it a bit too far. It makes you wonder what part of cloud cuckoo land their ideas come from.
Now I remember and it’s not that long ago, doctors encouraged you to smoke to calm your nerves. Now the same doctors are saying it is bad for you. However, it is all right for a group of them to plant a dirty bomb. Am I going mad or is there a double standard here? On the other hand, is it that they don’t have enough patients that they have to go out and create a few?
Searching through the attic
I was completely caught off guard
when the sudden flood of memories
I hate the world today and hate myself in everyway
I hate the person that I have become
I hate the dreams and the nightmares I have
529
I'm sorry for the Dead—Today—
It's such congenial times
I saw a butterfly today
Small and green with no wings
Crawlsing into shadows\hiding from a world who ignores it's subtle beauty
I thought it would rain today
sky hanging low & threatening
but like a bully w/o balls
I went home today
And it was a big surprise; Buildings got in the way
And made me realize I couldn't stay
"Beep-beep.
BANKERS TRUST AUTOMOBILE LOAN
You'll find a banker at Bankers Trust"
If I were twenty-one today,
I think I'd dance the night away.
I'd drink champagne and polish off
If I were to die today...
Forever im my heart your love would stay.
Through my mind your memories would flow.
If Jesus was born today
it would be in a downtown motel
marked by a helicopter's flashing bulb.
bulldog faced
bulldozed, face
flattened, dried
26
It's all I have to bring today—
This, and my heart beside—
Just for today I will open my eyes and thank the Universe for one more day
Just for today I will look in the mirror and find one thing I like about myself
Just for today I will smile at a stranger in the traffic
Life is confusing
When your heart is sad;
It is difficult to distinguish
Small joys adorned my life.
Flowers against the wind
gave life to the loneliness of my soul.
Love your head
Love your  face
Love your  hands
639
My Portion is Defeat—today—
A paler luck than Victory—
They tell me that euphoria is the feeling of feeling wonderful,
well, today I feel euphorian,
Today I have the agility of a Greek god and the appetitite of a
I thought she was here to stay?
but my baby seems to have gone away.
Now, I suppose I won't get my 'Hug',
I saw a dear friend’s invitation,
I saw words like Christmas lights,
I saw a contest to complete her,
Open your eyes and you will see,
Just how beautiful our earth can be.
No animal would ever be rare,
“In the past those whom you love
................don’t ever die.”
....From “Vertumnus”, a poem
The racist cloaks his loathing thoughts
behind deceiving eyes
Those men who once wore hoods and robes
The family norm is small and risks are high;
The busy parents pamper, pet and spoil;
The children never knowing truly why;
A billion mouths has India to now feed,
And provide them with all that they may need;
To shelter, clothe them- what a great number!
The world I live in is not good at all;
I rarely find a human being good;
There isn’t a righteous one whom I can call;
God, thwart the moves of men with minds insane;
Their corruption has reached enormous heights;
And masking all their crimes, righteous they feign;
My mind is sick to see the state of things,
That happen here in clumsy manner still!
The selfish acts of men in my ear rings;
People with intact eyes, yet appear blind;
Peop1e with alert ears seem not to hear;
People with intact nose, no sme11 can find;
Lo, when I see a new obituary,
Untimed demise of one of great repute;
Or a sad man's Auto-biography,
Oh, to what has this world come to, these days?
Nations expanding nuclear arsenals!
Terrorists and drug-lords active always!
What ails the modern world’s community?
Men live without peace, love and harmony;
The root cause of all evils is money;
The world around look so topsy-turvy!
Nothing is permanent or ultimate;
Gone are the days of dropsy and scurvy;
Behold a beggar playing sad a tune!
By heart, on his own poor, old harmonium;
Though blind, he seems to be in God’s commune;
The modern world’s one main disease is stress!
The kind of life we lead, can most depress;
The policies on health are in a mess;
Believing in
more of who
I am today
lonely as a dry and used orchard
spread over the earth
for use and surrender.
I came home this morning
after saying goodbye to a ghost.
I wrote a little poem about
316
The Wind didn't come from the Orchard—today—
Further than that—
Today's Marathon Day here in London.
An unpleasant image strikes me:
suppose the journey to the Pearly Gates
Today a windy Monday,
brisk, businesslike  north wind,
I would make a great altar
Today is the day I bury you
It will be a sad day, oh but then again
every day with you has been
Today I lit a candle,
In memory of you,
A very special tribute,
Today I looked at you
Studied every angle of your face
Your nose, your eyelashes, your mouth
Today I saw a Hedgehog
A funny looking thing
He crept across the lawn outside
There was a time when
I thought that our love was failing.
Then you got ill and nearly died,
today I went down on your body
while windows were thick white eyes
and hearkened the clogged cavities
Today I will go once again
Into life, into haggling, into market,
And lead the army of my songs
Today is just another day
Of highs and lows
When the winds blow and the waters flow
Today was the day everything went on its way
progress in love, work and Religion what a day
Is that out of your love God or a hole in my whole
Today is Sunday.
For the first time they took me out into the sun today.
And for the first time in my life I was aghast
Today is the day for finding things again.
Tom Tiddler gives out pennies in his grove
And Ali Baba comes out from his den;
So you think, today might be the day
It might be, it might be not?
Depends on your luck, if it goes your way
Test inscribe on sheets of trees
Images scanning
Unexisting eyes
(inspired by John Latham's art, 'The N-U Niddrie Heart')
I  awoke in a stream of rays,
laid my Pregnant Survivor’s Manual
If ever there were a spring day so perfect, so uplifted by a warm intermittent breezeToday is the day I put yesterday out of my mind
Today is the day I take back my heart and soul
Today is the day I put thoughts of you away
Today
My alarm clock failed to ring
Today
But the sun also rises
towards yet another day
And the sun does not fear
This is To-day, a child in white and blue
Running to meet me out of Night who stilled
The ghost of Yester-eve; this is fair Morn
a tender breeze touches my skin
a horrible pain it's bringing
and I wanna go running
Today she got her license.
She now thinks she's all grown.
I can't believe my baby
They strapped them on so long ago
they're now a part of me.
Today they're going to rip them off
crashing thoughts against the additive glow
of evening..watching time sing between the foggy stars
a handsome dweller in the hours of hunting follows his own steps
today was the worse in a long time
all I wanted to do was cry
at everything
We are writing today many verses
By command and grace of God,
By virtue and perseverance!
I love you not because what you are
but also for your deep love and thoughts for me
Your love fills my heart with meanings
Two years ago today it was the last time we saw each other
From that day on I never left you side
I looked into your eyes and said it repeatedly I love you
What a wild wind today
in Wimbledon Park,
80 mph they say,
Here is an uplifting thought,
Greater than some problems we have now rought!
Let's care more about their minds,
With tears they buried you to-day,
But well I knew no turf could hold
Your gladness long beneath the mould,
The gold-hoarder walked in his palace park and with him walked his troubles. And over his head hovered worries as a vulture hovers over a carcass, until he reached a beautiful lake surrounded by magnificent marble statuary.
He sat there pondering the water which poured from the mouths of the statues like thoughts flowing freely from a lover's imagination, and contemplating heavily his palace which stood upon a knoll like a birth-mark upon the cheek of a maiden. His fancy revealed to him the pages of his life's drama which he read with falling tears that veiled his eyes and prevented him from viewing man's feeble additions to Nature.
He looked back with piercing regret to the images of his early life, woven into pattern by the gods, until he could no longer control his anguish. He said aloud, "Yesterday I was grazing my sheep in the green valley, enjoying my existence, sounding my flute, and holding my head high. Today I am a prisoner of greed. Gold leads into gold, then into restlessness and finally into crushing misery.
Only fools live in the future
only the regretful
live in the past
Dodgy Dave deserves a break today.
He's writing so fast, his fingers are whittling away.
He just finished his book
The recruiter called today
for my oldest child.
I politely told him
Let us picnic together in Strawberry Fields
my delightful, melodious girl;
let us sit in the shade
When you arrive, ring then knock,
we talk a little and I can feel
you think perhaps you ought to say
this is the breakfast that we cannot eat together a fish fried in an oil
with so much heat, like ' who cares? ' a rice not well cooked which says ' it is the maid again! ' a coffee which has gone cold which says ' you come late again! ' a egg which is not sunny side up a ham that does not roll a dirty table with an unwashed table cloth which says 'change it yourself! '
how can i eat all these?
We need not snow,
Or electrical glow.
It's not a matter of weather,
Let us spend a few moments together,
the holidays won’t last for ever,
the promises we made to finish up the house chores,
Speaking of marvels, I am alive
together with you, when I might have been
alive with anyone under the sun,
My mommy told me an' the teacher told me, too,
There's all kinds of work that I can do:
Dry my dishes, sweep my floor,
Alone together in the darkness
I can hear your heart beat
Alone together in the darkness
Up in the sky
I wonder why
The clouds are fluffy and white.
Amos 3: 3, 'Can 2 walk together, except they be agreed? '
Main problem in the world today is too much controversy,
With an understanding that no one will ever be perfection,
I see him as I walk in.
I see him looking at me.
He sees me looking at him, too.
Beautiful are the days when we used to be together,
beautiful will be the days again when we will be together,
Every moment, every day which we spent together,
Love.
Indeed the strongest word ever.
Love + You = Our Life Together.
What we use to do.
And what we now can find no time,
Together.
Can u hear the squeals of laughter,
the laugh i laughed when i was a little girl?
The princess i wanted to grow into
I hung the decorations
and I trimmed the christmas tree.
What really means the most of all
My children
come together
young and old
Let's go over the cliff together,
Holding hands, laughing.
It's over for us...
In the steamer is the trout
seasoned with slivers of ginger,
two sprigs of green onion, and sesame oil.
Family comes together
For always and forever
In sickness and in health
It was over fifty years ago
They met and something clicked
After all the folks they had met before
nine minutes and thirty seven seconds
was the time it took for her to fire up her temper and car
while deciding how she was going to end her life or his
He's often sad, rarely smiles for a reason,
He’s always numb, even in the summer season.
He loves the cold, the wind and the rain,
The net has united what civil commerce could not join -
Frost laboring twenty years for a two bill tip
No wonder there was a darkness to his soul,
In this world of bitter ends,
Long lost letter to a friend:
This is my entry.
I am glad you came into my life
At a time when I was lugubrious
And full with so much doleness
Neither the sun at noon
Or the soft breeze at dusk
Nor the dizzying midnight moon
I want to laugh together with God
So I can teach the people here on earth how
To laugh
I.
I said---Then, dearest, since 'tis so,
Since now at length my fate I know,
Let us you and me be together
living in happiness
and nothing would disturb us
Let us sing together, Love
I want you to drown in my songs, Love
And be lost in me...
Take me away with you my love
Let us go far away where the world is silent
Hold my heart close to your heart with love
I know I'm not alone
lets take a stand
lets fight it together
Come join me now in prayer my friend
Unite our souls in praise
Together let our knees now bend
God’s bidding all before His throne
In spite of spot and flaw
Whilst man is oft a stumbling stone
The quiet moon in its entire splendor
Sails across the starlit sky so tender
I hold you in my arms tonight
Why does mankind hate people based on religion and race?
Is it ignorance, education, or governments deciding our place.
For people are people regardless of the color of their face.
The fisherman has caught a frog...
The poor cried:
- I am a princess bewitched...
I am not like you,
And you are just like that.
How can you demand,
Admire those who stood with beliefs undaunted.
Those who did not choose to flaunt correctness.
Or exposed a weakened disposition.
You say you don't understand,
What it is I am trying to convey?
And you read again and again...
Someone put me back together!
I seem to be falling all apart!
It started when my lover went away
you have my heart and i have yours
i dream about you and you dream about me too.
promise me will stay together
The old, oak tree stands firm,
So full of historical memories
That only can be expressed fully
For many, many days together
The wind blew steady from the East;
For many days hot grew the weather,
We arrived at our home that night separately in the same car.
He needed to speak.
I needed silence.
Sleeping together... how tired you were...
How warm our room... how the firelight spread
On walls and ceiling and great white bed!
His eyes are fixated on her soul
Her scent lingers on his clothes
Her lips want nothing more than a kiss
It was as if my trusted hand
had sought and reached autonomy
and snapped that old familial band
Like a Captain and a Sinking Ship
Like a baby on Mamma's Tit
Like a SM Girl and her Whip
that beach where we sit together
beside the sea
where our hands stretch out
Joy
In the birdsong
At dawn;
His women were too mean to be his queen
And too good to be his concubine.
Her men were too mean to be her king
There were church bells ringing
and the sound of their beautiful music attracted
flocks of people who looked like pelicans and quail;
(From Her Point of View)
When I had firmly answered 'No',
And he allowed that that was so,
I.
I said---Then, dearest, since 'tis so,
Since now at length my fate I know,
I sit here, an arch-villain of romance,
thinking about you. Gee, I'm sorry
I made you unhappy, but there was nothing
It is very hard for me
To piece together a hundred dreams
That belongs to different peopleThis road is always an easy road at the beginning,
but time has a funny way of turning things around. The
passion and the love you have for life, you still have,
together and forever
best friends forever
ti'll the day we die
We're together...
But apart!
Together in body,
That exciting moment was finally here, we didn't have to wait any more
It's a girl I heard the doctor say, the joy in my heart cannot be described
We held each other close as we cried with joy till we realized it was quiet
Together forever
In life
And in dreams“Be quick and give your chocolate kid
Or else you’ll feel my toe
Let’s stay off school and spend your quid
We will hold hands together
Laugh and smile together
Share our secrets together
We rise together, up into the sky,
We join together, watch the world pass by.
We are together, together as a cloud,
My inability to fluctuate causes me to dissipate
Transient in nature but stolid in form
Panic unleashed, I hyperventilate
together through thick and thin
together till the end
nothing can come between
When I see the world, for you
When you became the world to me
A rainbow arched beyond the storms
Splashing along the boggy woods all day,
And over brambled hedge and holding clay,
I shall not think of him:
Under the moonlight
Together we'll lie
Held tightly in your arms
come together and be one.
come together and forget
the past.
Together We Await The Storm
This storm of love
Where the possiblitys are so great
There is no place or grace, for all the human race
The race of will, to race and kill
As anger fills and kills the thrill
There is not a stone that cannot be hauled,
There is not a crisis that cannot be solved.
Together we laugh, together we cry,
hate burns and ruins you
save yourself, none will save you
not even the God
If you are not sure what you are looking for...
What makes you think you are going to find it,
Stumbling through life?
It seems the church is in a mess
This fact is nothing new
Each day she sees she’s growing less
Spiritual growth in truth you’ll see
I’ll meet your every need
Talents and gifts, I’ll give you free
I could never be without you in our lives,
Because you are our life.
We are on a long voyage, a journey, a path that is uncharted.
Long back
When you were you
And I was I
We
Are
All
There's must be some hard times
As we're learning to give and to share.
But we'll find there strength
We Gather Together...
We gather together...
...for there is strength in your name
We go out together into the staring town
And buy cheese and bread and little jugs with
flowered labels
WE have been friends together,
In sunshine and in shade;
Since first beneath the chestnut-trees
We'll have a get together for to welcome the new year
And Jill will bring some sausages and John a slab of beer
And David will bring lamb chops and Jean a kilo of sirloin steaks or two
If ever two were one, then surely we.
If ever man were lov'd by wife, then thee.
If ever wife was happy in a man,
The hour is falling free
Into the reflections
Of going mood
WE two boys together clinging,
One the other never leaving,
Up and down the roads going--North and South excursions making,
We
Will
Hold
I plunk at a beach,
silence herein,
I am, bit by bit,
Death is a horrible fate,
But in death everyone can relate.
Death is a tragedy,
If it isn't about me
Nor is this about you...
Then what on Earth are we attracted to?
When we are together,
we forget about the world
and we go into paradise
when we were here together in a place we did not know, nor one
another.
A bit of grass held between the teeth for a moment, bright hair on the
Work Together*
Every creature on earth has feelings no matter the age
And the 'Go Getters' want to set their own stage
We work together
We work as one
Though there may be times
I am bored
With love
And it's passionless limbs
We  play  together
We  laugh  together,
We  smile  together,
In the road, a car.
In the car, a poet.
In the poet, many poems.
angkor wat
granny climbs top sanctuary
to pray to buddha
apsara dancers
so quiet and forlorn
at the the corridors
Call it a curse, call the thousand years a curse
these temples were made to last ten thousand years
but they now lie like a dream shattered
up the path
to the mountain temple
a child pleas, sobs
bayon smiles
from high up
a thousand year old smile
bayon smiles
from high up
a thousand year old smile
Confined he was to the greenwood tree
Sky was the roof of his home rent free
To move about was not his spree
IF to her eyes' bright lustre I were blind,
No longer would they serve my life to gild.
The will of destiny must be fulfilid,--
This Earth has witnessed so many wonders in the past;
Also, relics of the past say so many incredible stories;
Instant travel to anywhere in the Universe and time travel
I lie awake each night
Staring at the ceiling
Following each crack
There are too many waterfalls here; the crowded streams
hurry too rapidly down to the sea,
and the pressure of so many clouds on the mountaintops
There are many roads we travel
And probably most we leave behind
We continue to walk ahead of us
SWALLOWS travel to and fro,
And the great winds come and go,
And the steady breezes blow,
A poem moves forward,
Like the passages and percussions of trains in progress
A pattern of recurrence, a hammer of repetetiveoccurrence
What a thrill it is to travel
Perhaps in a different country
The cultures incredibly diverse
He slammed the hood down,
was like a judge with a gavel.
I felt the tug of my string—
When you travel ‘cross the country
You see along the roadways
Bright and cheerful flowers especially
Denali National Park
his camera makes me
kiss a grizzly bear
Black Hills water
the fishtoo out
on a leisurely ride
antarctic excursion
the new split edge of
a glacier
Arches National Park
frozen in their dance
the shapely rocks
Australia Touring Music Festival
the kiwis waltz and
the kangaroos jump
australian shortbreak
from my brother's bag
a furry kangaroo
Baja Mexico
the whales are appetisers
for the eyes
Charm City
traffic to crab cake market
slows to a crawl
Botswana's Okavango Delta
a baby elephant trumpets
the joy of salvation
let your hair down she says
it's  time to put some sense
to Rio de Janeiro
Cayman Island drinking holidays
everywhere - water, beer
and our laughter
East and West Berlin
all the stones taken down
for a country to unite
lift your skirt
thump your feet to the waves
a flamenco at beach
Georgia Aquarium
a giant stingray flaps its way
over my heads
Great Smoky Mountains
Winding down the path too
a colourful salamander
Great Smoky Mountains
he says his passion for her
would  smoulder all
grenada escapade
its trails take my legs
and its cove my soul
Pink Sand Beach yoga
on and on I chant with the sea
seeking nirvana
Roatan
going bananas
on banana island
Ibiza's summer
here comes a tidal wave
of clubbers
Lake Powell Cruise
between the narrow canyons
my heart leaps
lake tahoe
the mountains and water
take our love oath
London's Marylebone
we do a quiet reunion
in the heart of the city
La Samanna
the waitor helps put my hand
on hers
boomerang
memories of australia
bounce backEarth Day 2008
heating up, the call
to cool earth
nevada
we thought we were
in Parisnew orleans
city sings
katrina blues
Eleuthera Bahamas
the guide warns about a heaven
that can become hell
Outer Banks
miles and miles and miles
of the Atlantic
Evans Pelican Inn
from a prewar beach house
a burst of spring  laughter
Ramon Crater arrival
our overflowing sweat and beer
as we toast each other
rhapsody of the seas
my bed vibrates to the  tune
of the ship's engine
Río Camuy Cave Park
taino indians' paintings and carvings
relax my sinews and muscles
Saint Patrick's Day
the irish brothers who never let us
have a taste of their  great saint
Santa Barbara
ripened grapes outdo
our perfumes
Santo Domingo
a dark skinned columbus
grins
Shark Island
run down places echo each
of my words to my ears
no barrier
corals, fishes, urchins
soaking up premier Aussie park
Cape Town
as drunken and lost
as ancient seafarers
South Africa's great wines
these sour grapes over
others who can drink
st paddy's day
dublin distills its best
into our spirits
St Thomas
Blue Water Sailing School
we learn to sail as well as party
songkran
between shivers their
roaring laughters
making me feel
on top of the world
the Dead Sea
Great Wall
galloping over the mountains
boulders, rocks, stones and bricks
White House Easter Egg Roll
a bushy saddam
on one egg
Turquoise Coast
the Mediterannean sighs
over a  long lost empire
Las Fallas
all eyes afired as michael goes
up with the flame
Vieques nirvana
the waves sweeps  back the peace
into my heart
White Mountain hike
our breathing expansive
as the mountains
vinginia beach winter
excitement of whales
heats up the air
YYellowstone National Park
over the snow, echoes
of our own laughters
the bombs have scared
the tourists away.
they too have dented
Shibuya fashion centre
Hachiko shows loyalty
a more lasting attire
mount fuji photo session
she makes up her face as
the mountain hides its  face
oh on! the golden buddha
is at the same level
as my feet
take a dash of light blue
and let it run into two dashes of white
that would come close to the enchanting milky blue water
do you want a lady?
do you want a lady? ?
do you want a lady? ? ?
I travel far and wide
throughout the world to
sun lazily in aqua pools in Greece,
The railroad track is miles away,
And the day is loud with voices speaking,
Yet there isn't a train goes by all day
I should like to rise and go
Where the golden apples grow;--
Where below another sky
Travel!
Do not hesitate
as hesitation is leading to defeat.
singapore night safari
we go looking for lion
in the middle of city
resorts world at sentosa
a blast  for
remembrance
Lion City
our admiration tails
the greenery
putting us solidly
on top of the sky
the Singapore Flyer
Singapore Gallery
where we stand taller
than the island republic
the singapore i love is
when the city holds up
its clouds, playing pom
‘COME, before the summer passes
Let us seek the mountain land:’
So they called me, happy playmates,
The other day I met a tramp
His hair was wet, his clothes looked damp
The poor man seemed hungry and cold
so much more interesting
but never exhibited - how
the ancient master crafted
a 'grand' way to remember
Yuanshan Grand Hotel?
a broken coffee cup and a
the insects too
are trying to be higher
101 Tower
Jim Thompson House
the house too
misses its owner
a 20 something japanese lady ogled
the whole time at the stage, a ring
minus the ropes, large as three single beds
If to Russia you have great need to go
There is much more buried there than snow
And Hitler and Napoleon both will tell
Saigon War Museum
burnt hole ridden children clothes
my heart too in tatters
still standing tall
to inspire  -
Ho Chih Minh
sre,
I want to go to Hongkong
In Disneyland rides I will enjoy
your travel
you traveled.....and left me.....
left me alone in a dark desert,
Another Tale of the Vicar Dodgy Dave
and how he finally caught a soul to save
You see he has this friend named Feathers
There was peace
before there was war
that's when two parties
Within themselves, they hold
more than any man or woman should be asked to hold;
they are the unsung heroes of the peace
see that woman
flung over her son's dead body
howling from the depths
Too young to know the horrors of a war  I've fought,
too young to know war's fear, or yearn for heroism,
but old enough to have lived through;
when peace is forever,
why war?
It doesn't last
These timeless scenes of war,
of the people leaving their homes,
the columns of soldiers and tanks
with Dracula
I've a date tonight
we'll be out late
I have looked into history,
and seen a field.
It's a field where, no wheat will yield.
FOR one throb of the artery,
While on that old grey stone I Sat
Under the old wind-broken tree,
The war will change many things in art and life, and among them, it is to be hoped, many of our own ideas as to what is, and what is not, "intellectual."
Thou, whose deep ways are in the sea,
Whose footsteps are not known,
Awake, arise, the hour is come,
For rows and revolutions;
There's no receipt like pike and drum
A war of words, a war of words
Only in their simplicity we can afford
These spoken words when out of control
I see the soldiers marching on
Singing a cold war song
On the road they hold onto their guns
Prepare, prepare the iron helm of war,
Bring forth the lots, cast in the spacious orb;
Th' Angel of Fate turns them with mighty hands,
The insanity of each battle,
And people attack each other
And people die..
I
Last year I called this world of gain-givings
The darkest thinkable, and questioned sadly
I
Last year I called this world of gain-givings
The darkest thinkable, and questioned sadly
Soldiers commit suicide
In far-off distant lands
Suffering from battle fatigue
The Children of War are like little flowers trampled,
Young and innocent, fragile and helpless,
Surrounded by violence and rampant destruction-
OH, would I resembled
The country girls fair,
Who rosy-red ribbons
Do not weep, maiden, for war is kind.
Because your lover threw wild hands toward the sky
And the affrighted steed ran on alone,
A half-hour more and you will lean
To gather me close in the old sweet way--
But oh, to the woman over the sea
'Doway, doway', the soldier shouted,
moving them on with much impatience,
they were not able to go any faster,
NOUGHT more accursed in war I know
Than getting off scot-free;
Inured to danger, on we go
AMONGST THE HIGHLY PLACED
It is considered low to talk about food.
The fact is:  they have
SHE turn’d the fair page with her fairer hand—
More fair and frail than it was wont to be—
O’er each remember’d thing he lov’d to see
Among the blight-killed eucalypts, among
trees and bushes rusted by Christmas frosts,
the yards and hillsides exhausted by five years of drought,
In spite of war, in spite of death,
In spite of all man's sufferings,
Something within me laughs and sings
Cave, Cave, Deus Videt
(Beware, Beware, God Sees Thee)
.
To Alan Mitchell
Vixi duellis nuper idoneus
Et militavi non sine gloria
THE CHANCELLOR mused as he nibbled his pen
(Sure no Minister ever looked wiser),
And said, “I can summon a million of men
Lovers all are soldiers, and Cupid has his campaigns:
I tell you, Atticus, lovers all are soldiers.
Youth is fit for war, and also fit for Venus.
MY hovering thoughts would fly to heaven
And quiet nestle in the sky,
Fain would my ship in Virtue's shore
I
Ancestral Houses
SURELY among a rich man s flowering lawns,
Memorial day for the war dead.  Add now
the grief of all your losses to their grief,
even of a woman that has left you.  Mix
Looking out across the land,
I see a sight that is not so grand.
A scene that is eerie and still,
When I was four I crossed the road
To pick some flowers growing wild
In meadows lovely to a child
Last year we fought by the head-stream of the Sang-kan,
This year we are fighting on the Tsung-ho road.
We have washed our armor in the waves of the Chiao-chi lake,
Today, while yet the rumour filled the street,
I left your faces troubled with the thought
Of brothers to a bodeful fury wrought;
The whole green sky is dying.The last tree flares
With a great burst of supernatural rose
Under a canopy of poisonous airs.
I THINK it better that in times like these
A poet's mouth be silent, for in truth
We have no gift to set a statesman right;
Well I have and in fact
more than one and I'll
tell you this too
Snow is a strange white word.
No ice or frost
Has asked of bud or bird
Great God, whom heav'n, and earth, and sea.
With all their countless hosts, obey,
Upheld by whom the nations stand,
Now light the candles; one; two; there’s a moth;
What silly beggars they are to blunder in
And scorch their wings with glory, liquid flame—
He was the sort of man
who wouldn't hurt a fly.
Many flies are now alive
Presented with glamor
Fire and fury of war
Dark side of our heartHo! is there any will ride with me,
Sir Giles, le bon des barrières?
The clink of arms is good to hear,
In fifty years, when peace outshines
Remembrance of the battle lines,
Adventurous lads will sigh and cast
Mine eye and heart are at a mortal war
How to divide the conquest of thy sight;
Mine eye my heart thy picture's sight would bar,
I feel the Spring far off, far off,
The faint far scent of bud and leaf--
Oh how can Spring take heart to come
When your rationale for going to war
turns out to be false,
claim that you would have
"Tell brave deeds of war."
Then they recounted tales, --
"There were stern stands
'Twas in the year of 1874, and on New Year's Day,
The British Army landed at Elmina without dismay,
And numbering in all, 1400 bayonets strong,
WRITTEN FOR LORADO TAFT'S STATUE OF BLACK HAWK AT OREGON, ILLINOIS
To be given in the manner of the Indian Oration and the Indian War-Cry.
Hawk of the Rocks,
1917
For here lay the excellent wisdom of him that built Mansoul, that the walls could never be broken down nor hurt by the most mighty adverse potentate unless the townsmen gave consent thereto. --Bunyan's Holy War.
A tinker out of Bedford,
I came to join a 'Peace Force,
To stop fighting, murder, war.
But now the war has started,
You young friskies who today
Jump and fight in Father’s hay
With bows and arrows and wooden spears,
War's a joke for me and you,
Wile we know such dreams are true.
- Siegfried Sassoon
I.
Yonder, with eyes that tears, not distance, dim,
With ears the wide world's thickness cannot daunt,
O living pictures of the dead,
O songs without a sound,
O fellowship whose phantom tread
Reflections on the poet's youth. An apostrophe to Selma. Oscar obtains leave to go to Inis-thona, an island of Scandinavia. The mournful story of Argon and Ruro, the two sons of the king of Inis-thona. Oscar revenges their death, and returns in triumph to Selma. A soliloquy by the poet himself.
Our youth is like the dream of the hunter on the hill of heath. He sleeps in the mild beams of the sun: he awakes amidst a storm; the red lightning flies around: trees shake their heads to the wind! He looks back with joy on the day of the sun, and the pleasant dreams of his rest! When shall Ossian's youth return? When his ear delight in the sound of arms? When shall I, like Oscar, travel in the light of my steel? Come with your streams, ye hills of Cona! listen to the voice of Ossian. The song rises, like the sun, in my soul. I feel the joys of other times.
I behold thy towers, O Selma! the oaks of thy shaded wall: thy streams sound in my ear; thy heroes gather round. Fingal sits in the midst. He leans on the shield of Trenmor; his spear stands against the wall; he listens to the songs of his bards. The deeds of his arm are heard; the actions of the king in his youth! Oscar had returned from the chase, and heard the hero's praise. He took the shield of Branno from the wall; his eyes were filed with tears. Red was the cheek of youth. His voice was trembling low. My spear shook its bright head in his hand: he spoke to Morven's king.
The child abuse has been the war of the children
It is going on for too long in a world like this
The children is the victim of it
The mountain sheep are sweeter,
But the valley sheep are fatter;
We therefore deemed it meeter
There was crimson clash of war.
Lands turned black and bare;
Women wept;
I
They gave us a war that nobody wanted
The warnings unheard or simply discounted
A cloud has lowered that shall not soon pass o'er.
The world takes sides: whether for impious aims
With Tyranny whose bloody toll enflames
It doesn’t matter what’s the cause,
What wrong they say we’re righting,
A curse for treaties, bonds and laws,
THOU who hast slept all night upon the storm,
Waking renew'd on thy prodigious pinions,
(Burst the wild storm? above it thou ascended'st,
Oh, not the loss of the accomplished thing!
Not dumb farewells, nor long relinquishment
Of beauty had, and golden summer spent,
Brothers and sisters all over here fighting
Got me thinking so much now im writing
Why is there so much hate in the world
"This war is a terrible thing," he said,
"With its countless numbers of needless dead;
A futile warfare it seems to me,
War is Peace
Peace is War
War unites against
War is never over
Thought the treaties may be signed
The memories of the battles
Remembered
A nation born from war, for the “purpose” of establishing freedom
A nation divided in war, in an “attempt” to fulfill the goal of freedom
Over at the river's bank
stands my buddy, Mellow Frank,
thinking of the German Tank
Break off! Dance no more!
Danger is at the door.
Music is in arms.
An account of books 16-19 of the Iliad by Homer.
Down on your knees, Achilles.  Farther down.
Now forward on your hands and put your face into the dirt,
I'm into mental sparring -
Catharsis for the soul,
It loosens up the attitude
worlds
worlds
worlds
Depression is a fight
Or a flight
Depression is a theif
ague and fight
Bark and bite
come and get you in the night
A naked child is running
along the path toward us,
her arms stretched out,
Where has the dreamer gone?
Off to war.
And his dreams?
War not really sure what Im fighting for
But what I know is I want war no more
We fight and we fight and we fight
Three little letters a simple anagram of raw,
but the outcome is Death Devastation, Sorrow.
For the thousands of innocents massacred,
To Ezra Pound
These are the names of the companies that have made
money from this war
They say our world is truly round
and that the borders are not real,
as in the airspace can be found
War. And war some more.
War. And war some more.
No one knows,
In anguish we uplift
A new unhallowed song:
The race is to the swift;
Remember the Glories of Brien the Brave
Remember the glories of Brien the brave,
Though the days of the hero are o'er,
Roland cannot go to school,
his brother needs the trousers,
for shorts the weather is too cool
Some remnant living in muscle memory
is pressed, dressed and polished each time
he marches, slowly now and with tired bones,
...........................................War! War! War!
...................................Is all that people talk about.
................................... .......War! War! War!
war...war...war...
war can kill, war can be killed
war can hurt, and war can please
When in the course of human events, we choose to go to war, why do we choose to do what we do.
In the interest of a lasting peace,
We will go into war,
We women teach our little sons how wrong
And how ignoble blows are; school and church
Support our precepts and inoculate
War
As war is fought it takes charge,
And events spin out of control.
It's been forty eight years since I went away,
I really wanted to go, to help my country in
some way.
Semantics say much of what humans have created for communication with themselves and others. They only need to dissect and de-vowel, apply given nouns to their chosen adjectives. Some making more sense than when construed to define innocent verbiage of denial and with encoded killing purpose of intent.
Acceleration makes haste where risk is taken to achieve wasteful goals that reach far beyond the muscle and brawn of evolved human male ability. Life is often said to be short and so we've created many means to live it in the proverbial fast lane, crashing into all others who get in their, each other's way.
Super speed is unforgiving of human error where sounds have become the slow poke snails,  re-sounding with screaming ear drum breaking barriers of intolerance. We thank and pay tribute to all whom have helped sprout feather-less metallic wings with mechanical hearts fed with polluting Earth's exhumed death laden fossil fuels. Once left naturally interred to rest harmlessly in peace for countless eons of time.
STRUCTURE & FORM IN POETRY.  Classical Poetry always has Structure even though it does not always rhyme. The Structure gives it metere and flow which facilitates reading and recitation. In my book - recitability is an essential character of a good Poem! . A lesser know Poetical Structure is RHYME ROYAL which inposes a strict metre (usually imabic pentameter)   and a strict rhyming pattern a b a b b c c. Each verse must consist of seven lines. The number of verses is optional!  As an Environmental Scientist I am concerned with the Conservation of Water which is the subject of this Rhyme Royal
Whence comes this water that we need for life?
Where does it go when we flush it away?
In a great deal of discomfort and pain.
having to stand after boarding the train.
I tried to be as pleasant looking as could be.
Life is difficult for so many people
Now and back through the ages
Sometimes existence seems like a test
The world is mostly water, but                                         Do each of us get a drop of water                                       In a glass of water anytime and anywhere?                               We're thirsty because we can not get                                     Just a drop of water in a glass of water!                               Some people have a lot of pure water in                                    Pretty tanks and in pretty bottles of water and                           There are some people who die because they're thirsty                             And they can not get even a drop of water!                                       It's a shame upon the whole world because some                            They get the best water and some die because of                               Lack of water anytime, anywhere, and everywhere!                               Where is the water we want? Where is the H2O?                                Life is useless with water! The pretty lands will                            Die, the animals will die, and we will die without water!                 A drop plus another drop equal two pretty drops and so on, but            Where are the other pretty drops that heaven drop to us!                       Life is going to die if we don't take care of our water on the           Surface of our pretty earth and everything around us!                   We will die if we don't keep our water well because of a lot of            Troubles arising from our mistakes and global warming!As I stood upon the brink of life
And looked into the murky depths
I knew my soul would soon be lost
See him hover, over river and pond
just like a fairy waving a wand. He looks
quite stunning this graceful thing, flying
1     Flow gently, sweet Afton, among thy green braes,
2     Flow gently, I'll sing thee a song in thy praise;
3     My Mary's asleep by thy murmuring stream,
The Milky Way was curled and curdled in the sky tonight
when on the shore I heard the waves crash down;
a thousand cats leaped miowling at the moon,
Like The Goddess of the Sea
Like A Mermaid In Heaven
Shrouded in the icy blue sea, accompanied by the sun phoenix's rays lingering and dancing in the water,
'Be like water, my friend, be like water,
Don’t be rigid; just go with a flow...'
'Be like water' - you asked me. 'Don't hold to me.
Cool earthenware pot
holding water as if it were
love that slopped & lapped
Alembics turn to stranger things
Strange things, but never while we live
Shall magic turn this bronze that sings
Far to the Northward there lies a land,
A wonderful land that the winds blow over,
And none may fathom or understand
Diving,
into clear water.
The light
Down in the water
by the edge of the river
where time stands still,
The night smoothes out its black tarp,
tacks it to the sky with stars.
Lake waves slap the bank, define
Thou water turn'st to wine, fair friend of life,
Thy foe, to cross the sweet arts of thy reign,
Distills from thence the tears of wrath and strife,
If memory serves:
there was a dark pool in my dreams
that you were bathing in-
Water is blah
My doctor says aha
You drink the stufff
Ducks bobbing on the water--
are they also, tonight,
hoping to get lucky?
Red Muscadel – I know it will give a
headache tomorrow, but since my
left ear is sore, I don’t care anymore,
Me, very fishy, unable to understand water
Move about in search of an answer
They say water, water everywhere
Leave more for others to follow...
than footprints in the water.The well was dry beside the door,
And so we went with pail and can
Across the fields behind the house
Gray light sparkles off the water,
It lands in my eye as I look across the Lake.
The gray lake light turns upsidedown
mist
gathering water
my eyelashes
Reflecting water
Entwine memory pictures
In autumnal woodsSometimes we get in hot water
over things we say inadvertently.
You’ll say something with a double meaning
Just dont taste good.
Whats wrong-number one water.
So the rice grower, ' said'.
Here on the surface of the sun
Its hard to remember what you were concerned over
Ten thousand degrees or more
After the people went away,
Jesus chose another way,
With his disciples to cross
‘To understand all
is to forgive all ‘ –
that’s one French saying
October is pregnant with November owls, smells of holidays
Wreathing round tables, windows.
No stairs.
For all men who hunger and thirst, let Jesus, in your life be first,
He will from a fountain higher, come fill our heart’s every desire.
The Lord will cause living water, to flow from within you forever,
Suspended above
Time
on a little rickety bridge
How, in such moment of time,
Doth thou come unto me,
Delivering such colours radiance,
My water ski, she is a beauty
Now she’s painted bright red and black
I can think of nothing much better
The evening is festooned with golden clouds
the fairies dance in the meadow
and the leaf-crowned Nacken
The sound of bank and water is all I hear,
The sad resignation of a weeping spring
Or a rock that hourly sheds a tear,
In unexperienced infancy
Many a sweet mistake doth lie:
Mistake though false, intending true;
Palms in hand
closed tightly fitting right into
the face.
You go to a beach
and one of the first things you do
is grab a few stones,
Now the stock have started dying, for the Lord has sent a drought;
But we're sick of prayers and Providence -- we're going to do without;
With the derricks up above us and the solid earth below,
Summer water streams
Through pigmented airy dreams
Every shadow seemsA serious moment for the water is
when it boils
And though one usually regards it
Now two have met, now two have met,
Who may not meet again—
Two grains of sand, two blades of grass,
It has always puzzled me
That the most important liquid
That a person can drink
THE LANGUAGE OF WATER
You wait by the lake
alone
I HEARD the old, old men say,
'Everything alters,
And one by one we drop away.'
Not knowing how to swim
I became an expert
at diving in
THE SUN stepped down from his golden throne,
And lay in the silent sea,
And the Lily had folded her satin leaves,
Your hands
caress the clay
it dances
1     With what deep murmurs through time's silent stealth
2     Doth thy transparent, cool, and wat'ry wealth
3         Here flowing fall,
Little brown surf-bather of the mountains!
Spirit of foam, lover of cataracts, shaking your wings in falling waters!
Have you no fear of the roar and rush when Nevada plunges --
I sit and stare at this empty page,
The wind howls long at the winter eaves,
The cloud is heavy, and black with rage
Deeply into this ocean before me stare
that I might learn and learning be released.
Oh to be lifted up adrift in the current,
SHY one, Shy one,
Shy one of my heart,
She moves in the firelight
Reach with your whiter hands to me
Some crystal of the spring;
And I about the cup shall see
The water is the fish's element;
Take her from thence, none can her death prevent;
And some have said, who have transgressors been,
This flint, time out of mind, has there abode,
Where crystal streams make their continual road.
Yet it abides a flint as much as 'twere
modern day in the shade
feels like hazy, blue, pouring rain
sitting under chipmunk filled trees
I can see that
water frog
In a pondWhen there is no water there is danger
When there is excess water there is danger,
Ranger of forest tells that trees die
Just not wet anymore.
Won't work as a door stop.
Must have some water.
135
Water, is taught by thirst.
Land—by the Oceans passed.
If you have forgotten water lilies floating
On a dark lake among mountains in the afternoon shade,
If you have forgotten their wet, sleepy fragrance,
As I quietly enter
The portals of the Habitat center,
To attend the Delhi Poetree session.
No thorns, limbs sashay longly, cheetah
walk toward
no prey, footloose, her dark blond hair
My whole life is mine, but whoever says so
will deprive me, for it is infinite.
The ripple of water, the shade of the sky
The words are a beautiful music.
The words bounce like in water.
Water music,
water
need
water
Water Nymph come swim with me,
in the deepest valleys of the sea.
Swim through the eddies,
Oh! water for me-bright water for me!
And wine for the tremulous debauchee!
It cooleth the brow, it cooleth the brain,
Save Water
Free Verse Poem
.We drink and use water,
In the pond in the park
all things are doubled:
Long buildings hang and
Water still, water deep, how many secrets do you keep?
We look upon your surface calm, and feel the peace that is a balm.
Now the gentle stream runs faster, racing swiftly swiftly ---
The spirit of life,
spreads everywhere,
to all corners of our globe.
You sway
Like my emotions
You glitter
Water is pure,
Water is natural,
Water is healthy,
Everything on the earth bristled, the bramble
pricked and the green thread
nibbled away, the petal fell, falling
water the world
before anything
else came along
I am the contrails in the sky
Transporting your love to my heart-felt joy
I am those rolling white riffles splashing
The river
has not entered the house yet.
I pack framed photographs:
Let me drink water
I know water is
Only true drink for me.
Water water every where but not a dropp to spare,
It’s time to stop and really think
A war we must declare.
Water Water Everywhere
Water water everywhere and not a drop to drink
That is of course until   this lovely ship does sink
Water, water everywhere,
And not a drop to drink.
The river Ely burst its banks,
Water, water you’re good for me
You help me hydrate and make me pee
Sodium and you are meant to be
Water water water
Where there is water
There is life.
‘Water' seems a fitting title
of this rhyme on something vital
for the beings we take care of
Water water The Ganges water
Flows from You
All Truth come down
Water water turbulent water
No water in future
Try to live without water
Water for life
to quench thirst
to wash away dirt
Water water water and water
Give me water in this hot summer.
And water has atom, water has favor,
What a girl called "the dailiness of life"
(Adding an errand to your errand.  Saying,
"Since you're up . . ." Making you a means to
The water
is flowing
with rage,
Old Noah he had an ostrich farm and fowls on the largest scale,
He ate his egg with a ladle in a egg-cup big as a pail,
And the soup he took was Elephant Soup and fish he took was Whale,
You would be meandering by
Wasting your while
This world is not worth living under the sky
I am water
Sometimes solid...you can always depend on
Sometimes liquid...fits in anywhere
She asked her a few questions
Shuffled the cards
Laid out the deck before her
A process in the weather of the heart
Turns damp to dry; the golden shot
Storms in the freezing tomb.
On such a cloudy day why you are far away?
Lightning is writing in sky what I want to say
The cloudy sky is like my gloomy face
It isn't the foe that we fear;
It isn't the bullets that whine;
It isn't the business career
Naked TV dinners
: the remains of...
you absentmindedly
At sea I learned the weather,
At sea I learned to know
That waves raged not forever,
Scorching sun may
Push us to stop and turn
In pricking hot sand
Fountains that frisk and sprinkle
The moss they overspill;
Pools that the breezes crinkle;
It's a Northern winter wonderland
Happy couples walking hand in hand
Department stores aglow with lights
Dear Love, where the red lilies blossomed and grew
The white snows are falling;
And all through the woods where I wandered with you
But the weather is becoming more hospitable
in this part of the worldSunshine and Roses they make us smile-
As do the soft Springs blossoming trees-
Bringing us total delight-ever so bright...
------
wet morning
but is already
It rained and drenched the waiting night,
Heavy torrents did it pour;
Next morning, all was clean and bright,
Weather is changing again…
Summer is slowly giving way to winter,
Yellow leaves are falling,
Do you barely see,
the sun in the sky,
when you know it's very high.
To-day, fair Thisbe, winsome girl!
Strays o'er the meads where daisies blow,
Or, ling'ring where the brooklets purl,
Glancing out our western window, toward the Ocean beyond some hills,
I see, near sundown, a layering of assorted clouds, like alternating color spills;
shades of gray this November day, plus white, and some almost resembling amber.
Do not ever, ever, ever
ask an Englishman about the weather.
Believe you me, it’s a big mistake
The warm front
of my laughter
collides with
This level reach of blue is not my sea;
Here are sweet waters, pretty in the sun,
Whose quiet ripples meet obediently
Once a favorite conversation piece,
now something more like a disease.
A weathervane sings, a wind chime clangs.
Walking in the rain
Catching the raindrops
As we laughed in love
A glimmer of spring recedes,
as winter rebounds towards furor
Sending off the cheerful malarkey
It is true that, older than man and ages to outlast him, the Pacific surf
Still cheerfully pounds the worn granite drum;
But there's no storm; and the birds are still, no song; no kind of excess;
Bursts from a rending East in flaws
The young green leaflet's harrier, sworn
To strew the garden, strip the shaws,
W HEN misty, misty mornings come,
When wild geese low are flying,
And down along the reedy marsh
I grew. Foul weather, dreams, forebodings
Were bearing me - a Ganymede -
Away from earth; distress was growing
There is one thing about Montana
That always fascinates me
It is that from one minute to another
Weather Forecast in Kabul.
Rain in Kabul, the weather woman on TV said.
and I wondered if that was a good or bad thing.
A sheet of wet curls lay over her face
she'd been drenched by the downpour
and her brand new shoes were indubitably ruined
Every thing changes
Changes the face of relations
In the markets of exchanging hearts
'Tis Christmas weather, and a country house
Receives us: rooms are full: we can but get
An attic-crib. Such lovers will not fret
Man chisels, sculpts the mountain-sides by hand;
Man cuts granite blocks off by huge machines;
Man breaks the boulders using dynamite;
I've got you.
You've got me.
And we've got...
O suns and skies and clouds of June,
And flowers of June together,
Ye cannot rival for one hour
★ October's Bright Blue Weather
☆ Poetry by Helen Hunt Jackson
O suns and skies and clouds of June,
And were it for thy profit, to obtain
All sunshine?  No vicissitude of rain?
Think'st thou that thy laborious plough requires
Is it as plainly in our living shown,
By slant and twist, which way the wind has blown?Th'imprison'd winds slumber within their caves
Fast bound: the fickle vane, emblem of change,
Wavers no more, long-settling to a point.
The sun is annoyed with the earth
that so he is not seen throughout
but aroma of his arrival
like poetry
life isn't about explanation
it all about the words
It’s raining ouside – survival weather, saving our lives
but overcast weather makes me feel bad, I need the
sun to feel better; whenever I am down I go outside
Easy it is to receive a bright sunny day,
To then say what events could have been prevented.
So easy it is when clouds of yesterday have passed,
Fallen leaves come in                                                 That pretty Fall anywhere and                                         Everywhere...                                                        Fallen snows come in                                                  That wonderful Winter anywhere and                                    Everywhere...                                                        All pretty blossoms come in                                           That great Spring anywhere and                                        Everywhere...                                                        All pretty fruits come in                                             That fabulous Summer anywhere and                                     Everywhere...                                                        Four different seasons with                                           Four different outcomes...                                           All seasons produce what we need                                      Just to make our life great and                                       Pretty anytime, anywhere, and everywhere...                           This is the real seasons' weather forecast...                        _________________________________________________ _____________________The weather has gotten very nasty
And it's causing a lot of heartache.
It's raining dogs and cats!
A beautiful day
Sun’s shining, birds are singing
God’s in his heaven.
My dog lay asleep by the window
lost in dreams of drizzle,
I pat her head
It was raining
in the kitchen.
“Splish...splash! ”
Dear sister, you have no idea
About  the weather here
The earth is dry
There's an angry rainstorm brewing,
I can feel it in the air;
The pigeons stop their cooing,
When outside the icy rain
Comes leaping helter-skelter,
Shall I tie my restive brain
The storm rolls over
Tormenting the earth below
Showering reliefFire in jagged ribbons ripping groundward
With belated drumbeats echoes of past passage
Rushing to horizons obscured from view
I love to look at the clouds above
They tell a story, don't you think?
Sometimes they are white and puffy
Severe storm winds crash
leaving rubble in it's path
devistation hits.The wattlebirds calling on the flowering gum trees
On a beautiful day in mid Winter of around eighteen degrees
Such beautiful weather for the time of year
Reader! what soul that laoves a verse can see
The spring return, nor glow like you and me?
Hear the quick birds, and see the landscape fill,
I think it's the places I've been
or the people I've known,
that led me to find
The night sobbed
Her heart-out - near fully,
That is why the day arises happy.
Re: HEAT WAVE
Dear Sir, we've had enough.
Do you forget, I think you do, perhaps,
The weather is perfect for running.
I think that I'll go for a jog.
Except I'm a little bit tired,
The Weather Maker reigns above, creating all weather we speak of,
The One and Only True Creator, from both the poles to the equator,
Over this planet that we call earth, He’s the Only One who can birth,
The weather out is frozen
the weather out be chill
the weather out walks frosty
In Sydney today it's 20 degrees centigrade
Humidity is 94% and the light at 6: 21pm will fade
Wind blows from the north east, at 17 kilometres per hour
The weather vane
It crackled
And the wind
The weather warming up a bit it's getting warm today
And people for the weekend will be heading for the bay
To do a bit of fishing and relax by the sea
It will be raining all Day
with short intervals of showers
you may not see the sun
The sun it does seem to be struggling through the dark gray clouds for to shine
And though rain is in the weather forecast the day it is holding out fine
'Tis the typical sort of weather one expects of Victoria's Fall
The first dark day of summer came sooner than I had hoped,
I took one look at it and just looked back at me
'You're a total wreck' it said
missing
forgetting
little poems
Louring heavy skies
Threaten rain.
We must hurry home
Weather and woman
Same and unchanged.
It is your topics
as i look out the window
i see the sun rise
before my very eyes
The sun is out but rain’s within
The future looks quite grey
I’ve been informed because of sin
Changing
Like wind that blows
Uncharted in its course
There used to be winters before the weather became entertainment.
There was frost, rain, flooding and landslide one had to accept as norm,
unless it was of a disastrous dimension.1948 was so cold birds fell
The weather girl
Is a priceless pearl.
Chic and smart,
To truly know is to endure raw experiences
to sensitize each momentous moments agonies
to time absorb learn through testing years
THERE is a world of being
We range from pole to pole,
Through seasons of the spirit
I
The August day you wake to takes you by surprise.
Its bitterness. Black sullen clouds. Brackish downpour.
Once I dipt into the future far as human eye could see,
And I saw the Chief Forecaster, dead as any one can be--
Dead and damned and shut in Hades as a liar from his birth,
All can a lesson learn from weather
The way cryptic tongues it can weather,
And still never agree
Dot a dot dot dot a dot dot
Spotting the windowpane.
Spack a spack speck flick a flack fleck
Today the sun shines,
then some clouds,
it cannot always be the same.
The open window before me,
I look through and see,
The cloudy sky grey,
It is a windy day.
The water's white with spray.
And pretty soon, if this keeps up,
There is one thing we can’t avoid
And that, my friend, is weather
It is usually unpredictable
Weather stops me
running my nerves.
I'll rather sleep
According to a place and time in the world
Depending upon the four sweasons of the year
Weather is described in many ways
Today it's raining cats and dogs,
Tomorrow it might be raining frogs.
If I should drink some syrup of figs,
The weather reports
there will be
humans
whether the weather
is predictable or not
weather reports are
Severe storms, earthquakes and the like
Caused by Tesla technology aka HAARP
Perpetrated by America’s “Fourth Reich”
From murky
overcast sky
rife with heavily
The leaves are blowing away
Up, up, and away they go.
Swish, swoosh, they go.
Whether the weather be fine
Or whether the weather be not,
Whether the weather be cold
I, not
knowing then
that you
Crisp Winter, final season of the year,
Comes suddenly when awesome Autumn's past
The frost makes Winter mornings bright and clear,
My face falls into my hands,
can't cope any more.
Down the drain went all my plans,
1
I understand the boredom of the clerks
fatigue shifting like dunes within their eyes
Oh! dost thou flatter falsely, Hope?
The day hath scarcely passed that saw thy birth,
Yet thy white wings are plumed to all their scope,
It isn't the foe that we fear;
It isn't the bullets that whine;
It isn't the business career
After the red leaf and the gold have gone,
Brought down by the wind, then by hammering rain
Bruised and discolored, when October's flame
Crisply the bright snow whispered,
Crunching beneath our feet;
Behind us as we walked along the parkway,
Above the marge of night a star still shines,
And on the frosty hills the sombre pines
Harbor an eerie wind that crooneth low
I
The air is silent save where stirs
A bugling breeze among the firs;
I think you know that this is winter day.
This time last year woodsmoke blew us away.
Frost wrote the poem on tall panes of gray.
The night's drifts
Pile up below me and behind my back,
Slide down the hill, rise again, and build
All night, all day, in dizzy, downward flight,
Fell the wild-whirling, vague, chaotic snow,
Till every landmark of the earth below,
The winter wind is raving fierce and shrill
And chides with angry moan the frosty skies,
The white stars gaze with sleepless Gorgon eyes
When biting Boreas, fell and doure,
Sharp shivers thro' the leafless bow'r;
When Phoebus gies a short-liv'd glow'r,
My window-pane is starred with frost,
The world is bitter cold to-night,
The moon is cruel, and the wind
Who shall declare the joy of the running!
Who shall tell of the pleasures of flight!
Springing and spurning the tufts of wild heather,
Some day, when trees have shed their leaves
And against the morning's white
The shivering birds beneath the eaves
The truth is dark under your eyelids.
What are you going to do about it?
The birds are silent; there's no one to ask.
All out of doors looked darkly in at him
Through the thin frost, almost in separate stars,
That gathers on the pane in empty rooms.
The half-stripped trees
struck by a wind together,
bending all,
Three months bade wane and wax the wintering moon
Between two dates of death, while men were fain
Yet of the living light that all too soon
AH! leave the smoke, the wealth, the roar
Of London, leave the bustling street,
For still, by the Sicilian shore,
Around the house the flakes fly faster,
And all the berries now are gone
From holly and cotoneaster
Blow, blow, thou winter wind
Thou art not so unkind
As man's ingratitude;
Winter uses all the blues there are.
One shade of blue for water, one for ice,
Another blue for shadows over snow.
So the winter now closed round them
With resistless fury. Scattering
Over all his breath so icy,
It is winter in California, and outside
Is like the interior of a florist shop:
A chilled and moisture-laden crop
(The moons of December, January
and February were once known by our
forebears respectively as Long Night or
[Supposed to be chanted to some rude instrument at a modern fireplace]
Chant we the story now
Tho' in a house we sleep;
I love to see the old heath's withered brake
Mingle its crimpled leaves with furze and ling,
While the old heron from the lonely lake
Ok, so I'm sorry.
Isn't that what you wanted to know?
in that case, you win.
First winter rain--
even the monkey
seems to want a raincoat.
How strange to greet, this frosty morn,
In graceful counterfeit of flower,
These children of the meadows, born
In the glad springtime when leaves were green,
O merrily the throstle sings!
I sought, amid the tangled sheen,
1     For weeks and weeks the autumn world stood still,
2         Clothed in the shadow of a smoky haze;
3     The fields were dead, the wind had lost its will,
I WHO all the winter through
Cherished other loves than you,
And kept hands with hoary policy in marriage-bed and pew;
1670
In Winter in my Room
I came upon a Worm—
Now winter nights enlarge
This number of their hours;
And clouds their storms discharge
When first the fiery-mantled sun
His heavenly race begun to run;
Round the earth and ocean blue,
When the light falls on winter evenings
And the river makes no sound in its passing
Behind the house, is silent but for its cold
Summer fading, winter comes--
Frosty mornings, tingling thumbs,
Window robins, winter rooks,
Hello Winter, hello flanneled
blanket of clouds, clouds
fueled by more clouds, hello again.
The city is closing for the night.
Stores draw their blinds one by one,
and it's dark again, save for the dim
The schoolboys still their morning ramble take
To neighboring village school with playing speed,
Loitering with passtime's leisure till they quake,
Now the ice lays its smooth claws on the sill,
The sun looks from the hill
Helmed in his winter casket,
"Delightful are trees and fields with the outgrowth of new tender-leaves and crops, Lodhra trees are with their blossomy flowers, crops of rice are completely ripened, but now lotuses are on their surcease by far, for the dewdrops are falling... hence, this is the time of pre-winter that drew nigh...
"The busts of flirtatious women that are graced by bosomy bosoms are bedaubed and reddened with the redness of heart-stealing saffrony skincare, called Kashmir kumkum, on which embellished are the white pendants that are in shine with the whiteness of whitish dewdrops, white jasmines, and whitely moon...
"Undecorated are the hiplines of kittenish women with gem-studded golden strings of girdle, nor their lotus like feet that have the brightness of lotuses with jingling anklets, whose jingling is correlative to the clucks of swans, for the cold touch of coldish metal gives cold quivers...
"Oh, dear with best thighs, heart-stealing is this environ with abundantly grown stacks of rice and their cobs, or with sugarcane, and it is reverberated with the screeches of ruddy gees that abide hither and thither... now heightened will be passion, thereby this season will be gladdening for lusty womenfolk, hence listen of this season, called Shishira, the Winter...
"At this time, people enjoy abiding in the medial places of their residences, whose ventilators are blockaded for the passage of chilly air, and at fireplaces, in sunrays, with heavy clothing, and along with mature women of age, for they too will be passionately steamy...
"Presently, not the sandal-paste, which will be coolant like moonbeams of moon, nor the building tops, that were once rendered pleasant with the immaculate moonshine, nor the breezes, that are chilled by dense sleet... any of them is delightful for the people...
To the Memory of the Household It Describes
This Poem is Dedicated by the Author:
"As the Spirits of Darkness be stronger in the dark, so Good Spirits,which be Angels of Light, are augmented not only by the Divine lightof the Sun, but also by our common Wood Fire: and as the CelestialFire drives away dark spirits, so also this our Fire of Wood doth thesame." -- Cor. Agrippa, Occult Philosophy,
141
Some, too fragile for winter winds
The thoughtful grave encloses—
How like a winter hath my absence been
From thee, the pleasure of the fleeting year!
What freezings have I felt, what dark days seen!
When Winter snows upon thy golden hairs,
And frost of age hath nipt thy flowers near,
When dark shall seem thy day that never clears,
WHEN daisies pied and violets blue,
And lady-smocks all silver-white,
And cuckoo-buds of yellow hue
from an officer's diary during the last war
I
The sour daylight cracks through my sleep-caked lids.
I
If seasons all were summers,
And leaves would never fall,
Oh, pretty girl, you have trapped
yourself in the wrong body.Twenty
extra pounds hang like a lumpy
Frosty-white and cold it lies
Underneath the fretful skies;
Snowflakes flutter where the red
See! Winter comes, to rule the varied Year,
Sullen, and sad; with all his rising Train,
Vapours, and Clouds, and Storms: Be these my Theme,
Today the world...
Landscaped in pen and ink by
hidden hands
THEE for my recitative!
Thee in the driving storm, even as now--the snow--the winter-day
declining;
There is one story and one story only
That will prove worth your telling,
Whether as learned bard or gifted child;
Stay, season of calm love and soulful snows!
There is a subtle sweetness in the sun,
The ripples on the stream's breast gaily run,
"Blow, blow, thou winter wind."
Away from here,
And I shall greet thy passing breath
O Winter! bar thine adamantine doors:
The north is thine; there hast thou built thy dark
Deep-founded habitation. Shake not thy roofs,
Although the roof is just a story high,
It dizzies me a little to look down.
I lariat-twirl the rope of Christmas lights
Twice a week the winter thorough
Here stood I to keep the goal:
Football then was fighting sorrow
When the winter chrysanthemums go,
there's nothing to write about
but radishes.
The wintry west extends his blast,
And hail and rain does blaw;
Or the stormy north sends driving forth
Now when I have a cold
I am careful with my cold,
I consult a physician
Dark frost was in the air without,
The dusk was still with cold and gloom,
When less than even a shadow came
To-night the very horses springing by
Toss gold from whitened nostrils. In a dream
The streets that narrow to the westward gleam
When snow falls against the window,
Long sounds the evening bell...
For so many has the table
Winter garden,
the moon thinned to a thread,
insects singing.
Sharp is the night, but stars with frost alive
Leap off the rim of earth across the dome.
It is a night to make the heavens our home
Scene.--A wide stretch of fallow ground recently sown with wheat, and
frozen to iron hardness. Three large birds walking about thereon,
and wistfully eyeing the surface. Wind keen from north-east: sky a
Sweet life! how lovely to be here
And feel the soft sea-laden breeze
Strike my flushed face, the spruce's fair
LIKE the vulture
Who on heavy morning clouds
With gentle wing reposing
Within the circuit of this plodding life
There enter moments of an azure hue,
Untarnished fair as is the violet
All night the wind swept over the house
And through our dream
Swirling the snow up through the pines,
I tell my secret? No indeed, not I:
Perhaps some day, who knows?
But not today; it froze, and blows, and snows,
It snowed and snowed ,the whole world over,
Snow swept the world from end to end.
A candle burned on the table;
What is this feeling within my heart;
Concealed  by  daylight hours, in  a  shroud of taut restraint.
Winter  evenings  consume,  yesterdays  pursue me,
Winter! Oh dear our sweet winter,
You are our only lovely time hinter.
We wait for you again waking soon,
A wrinkled crabbed man they picture thee,
Old Winter, with a rugged beard as grey
As the long moss upon the apple-tree;
Clouded with snow
The cold winds blow,
And shrill on leafless bough
I am Winter, that do keep
Longing safe amidst of sleep:
Who shall say if I were dead
When icicles hang by the wall
And Dick the shepherd blows his nail
And Tom bears logs into the hall,
Tomatoes rosy as perfect baby's buttocks,
eggplants glossy as waxed fenders,
purple neon flawless glistening
Two evils, monstrous either one apart,
Possessed me, and were long and loath at going:
A cry of Absence, Absence, in the heart,
When against earth a wooden heel
Clicks as loud as stone on steel,
When stone turns flour instead of flakes,
I saw the city's towers on a luminous pale-gray sky;
Beyond them a hill of the softest mistiest green,
With naught but frost and the coming of night between,
Winter solitude--
in a world of one color
the sound of wind.
When you startle awake in the dark morning
heart pounding breathing fast
sitting bolt upright staring into
Rain and wind, and wind and rain.
Will the Summer come again?
Rain on houses, on the street,
The browns, the olives, and the yellows died,
And were swept up to heaven; where they glowed
Each dawn and set of sun till Christmastide,
WE take from life one little share,
And say that this shall be
A space, redeemed from toil and care,
Late lies the wintry sun a-bed,
A frosty, fiery sleepy-head;
Blinks but an hour or two; and then,
All the complicated details
of the attiring and
the disattiring are completed!
The frost that stings like fire upon my cheek,
The loneliness of this forsaken ground,
The long white drift upon whose powdered peak
Winter, winter, winter,
When are you going away.
I love it when you snow, but i hate it when you stay.
There are strange and mysterious sounds
When the winds of winter blow,
The long nights are crystal clear and cold,
When winter winds are piercing chill,
And through the hawthorn blows the gale,
With solemn feet I tread the hill,
When I led by zummer streams
The pride o' Lea, as naighbours thought her,
While the zun, wi' evenen beams,
a happy man
saying,
lifeYou don’t need to help me please
You can go and sit in peace
Because I will do my best
I told my kids we'd see it, this movie, they couldn't wait.
We finally saved the money so we started on our ''date''.
They were so very happy to be on there way to see
“The whole world is watching
How Sister Bernarde is living?
Had she died, on us the blame
Paragraphs,
of words to be.
Written down,
What's keepng me
From writing better poetry
(Beyond not finding a word
They say it's never done.
A woman's work.
When, and how can we find fun
They are happy because I have moved with them;
They remember that today I spoke to them.
The day has ended as the working time is over;
The bonsai tree
in the attractive pot
could have grown eighty feet tall
All Things will indeed fall in place, for our God is a God of Grace.
All fears God will erase away, giving you comfort along the way.
Replacing the fear He does erase, with God’s peace in its place.
My mommy told me an' the teacher told me, too,
There's all kinds of work that I can do:
Dry my dishes, sweep my floor,
Hair-raising novelty;
Unbelievable story.
Yet something truly experienced.
A glint of early morning sun reflected
in the shiny waxed panels of the parked cars
with blinding rays of light from the mirrored wings
I trace
with trembling fingertip
the naked caligraphy
When Nature made her chief work, Stella's eyes,
In colour black why wrapt she beams so bright?
Would she in beamy black, like painter wise,
I’m well aware that they are laying poems
out on slabs these days – dissecting them –
dropping their heart, their mind, their guts
The shadow of uncreated creatures
Flickers in sleep,
Like palm fronds
All week she's cleaned
someone else's house,
stared down her own face
Though I have only experimented with it briefly, I am a believer in ‘Lucid Dreaming’
Do you ever create poetry in your dreams? Or do you perhaps compose music?
Do you solve complex problems? Or have you ever thought up a joke?
Sun rises and sets everyday;
Moon rises and sets everyday;
Plough man ploughs the field;
Attending the PMDS workshop today
a 46-page page performance document
to be discussed in detail, I opened it and
Go work in my vineyard, said the Lord,
And gather the bruised grain;
But the reapers had left the stubble bare,
Be still, be quiet and you shall see, the hand of The God of Eternity.
Just be still and know He is God, shepherding all with staff and rod.
He’s at work throughout your life; He’s the comfort in pain and strife.
gotta go to work
work work work wok work work work work work work work
gotta go to work
the hours passed
so swiftly
now it is 9: 04 on my watch
Do I read signs that aren't there
Is that look in your eye a wanting or a pity
Is your mind split in two like mine
wish i could pull the
distance between us like a
rug in the sad times
A truck loads garbage,
Driver hums along, and sticks
Red bouquet on seat.
What is life without difficulty?
Is there such meaning as simplicity?
Problems only make us more stress.
How do you tackle your work each day?
Are you scared of the job you find?
Do you grapple the task that comes your way
Hunger is fasting always eating bubbles asking
for a people stick on which to chew.
Leaking tears of spice to mellow tast of you.
Because no one could ever praise me enough,
because I don't mean these poems only
but the unseen
244
It is easy to work when the soul is at play—
But when the soul is in pain—
just love your work
and tell you what
the work does
Work is
Life...
Life is work...
3-foot blue cannisters of nitro
along a conveyor belt, slow fish
speaking the language of silence.
Mamas don't let your babies grow up and work for Disney,
Don't let 'em wear mouse ears,
Or sing a pop song,
Around 1608; a pleasant day in Cambridge;
eight men sit round a table. Originally there were nine:
Dr Lively who presided at their speedy start
The body of the lingerneedle is filled
with hemolymph unconstricted except
for a single dorsal vessel. A ventral
Work, work, work..
sitting effort,
on a chair
On no work of words now for three lean months in the
bloody
Belly of the rich year and the big purse of my body
One lesson, Nature, let me learn of thee,
One lesson which in every wind is blown,
One lesson of two duties kept at one
He
was a piece
of  work,
She sat alone
in front of her computer screen
hoping for some images to appear
My heart is beating
I have a brush in my hand
There is paint all around me
Those hours, that with gentle work did frame
The lovely gaze where every eye doth dwell,
Will play the tyrants to the very same
Those hours, that with gentle work did frame
The lovely gaze where every eye doth dwell,
Will play the tyrants to the very same
Forget the past, however bitter be;
Tomorrow is yet in your very hands;
But labor hard towards a goal truly;
Sorcerer's Work
If all  the morning     became  identical,
If all the night- long continue in a twilight...
Nothing is still, and we need to keep pace
With seasonal race, as earth itself works.
Life's march is relentless, submission wise,
SPIRIT whose work is done! spirit of dreadful hours!
Ere, departing, fade from my eyes your forests of bayonets;
Spirit of gloomiest fears and doubts, (yet onward ever unfaltering
the light is fading out
we come together
we each hold a candle
Let your work be, bride. Listen, the
guest has come.
Do you hear, he is gently shaking
is by admitting
or opening away.
This is the simplest form
The love of a muse,
The pen of an artist,
This ink work will teach many yet unborn.
When I got married I had a rubber lizzard that I had for a number of years. The lizzard looked and felt real. So I said, Tonight I'm gonna have a little fun with my honey bun.
I slipped in bed and put the lizzard under the covers on her side of the bed. When I lay there in wait for the fun to begin.
She came in and hopped in beside me and landed on that lizzard.
NOW all the truth is out,
Be secret and take defeat
From any brazen throat,
A paradoxical ode, after Shelley.
I.
My soul is an entangled knot,
Every day can be lovely if you open your mind
Face life as it is, do your best and unwind.
Some of us lives for work and be important,
That time catches up on us all is surely not a lie
He is too old to work and he is too young to die
On retirement pension and quite bored with life
He would leave early and walk slowly
As if balancing books
On the way to school, already expecting
No thorns, limbs sashay longly, cheetah
walk toward
no prey, footloose, her dark blond hair
We stand in the rain in a long line
waiting at Ford Highland Park. For work.
You know what work is—if you're
I know that today I ran from you
I didn't mean to hurt,
I couldn't stay a minute longer
Now that you work
I have suddendly found my self pacing about
in our silent apartment
I've got the children to tend
The clothes to mend
The floor to mop
The woman singeth at her spinning-wheel
A pleasant chant, ballad or barcarole;
She thinketh of her song, upon the whole,
Each day I live I thank the Lord
I do the work I love;
And in it find a rich reward,
Then a ploughman said, "Speak to us of Work."
And he answered, saying:
You work that you may keep pace with the earth and the soul of the earth.
Work requires professionalism,
at all times in all set of conditions.
let an earned knowledge and skills,
Today's poem, about
what? I asked for help at work
and I got a lot.
Work seems to be mandatory,
For people like me,
Slaving over books at school,
Hell is a place I have to go
Hell is a place that I truly know
I have to go to hell
Beautiful majestic
Wild horses
Roaming freely
We struggle with it
under many names;
we all feel the tension
WHAT are we set on earth for ? Say, to toil;
Nor seek to leave thy tending of the vines
For all the heat o' the day, till it declines,
Let me but do my work from day to day,
In field or forest, at the desk or loom,
In roaring market-place or tranquil room;
A work
is an act
of exerting
When twenty-one I loved to dream,
And was to loafing well inclined;
Somehow I couldn't get up steam
Work is the curse of the working class
The rich just bide their time
Work gives riches to all but me
Margaret Alice did not master e-filing,
her electronic tax form was all wrong,
the tax office sent her a note come fix
1. Fun
Why would the sum of Tolylfluanid and
Dimethylaminosulfotoluidide
The Lord has work for all to do, prepared good works for me and you.
A work that is intended to Glorify, the One who on the cross had died.
Jesus’ work accomplished for all, man’s redemption from Adam’s fall.
Work, sleep, work, sleep,
Work, sleep, work, sleep,
Work, sleep, work, sleep,
Drive my car wear my jewels
Make me feel like the king of fools.
Work that body
Wake, work, home, eat sleep
This cycle keeps on and on
As the time it takes is so long
Work Together*
Every creature on earth has feelings no matter the age
And the 'Go Getters' want to set their own stage
All Nature seems at work. Slugs leave their lair--
The bees are stirring--birds are on the wing--
And WINTER slumbering in the open air,
Hammer closed the sale that day.
Your sweat man-profit of ways.
Work in the field, sun is hot.
Work! Work! Work! And Reap!
Work! Work! Work! And Sleep!
Everyday most of we work
Work is the means
Cessation of works
Is also a means.
Work work and hard work
There is no substitute of hard work
Only by hard work you can earn money
Work in the morning
Work at noon
Work in the afternoon
You work, work, work
To provide for, and to live,
Then you buy, buy, buy
Work
What should be just play
Was turned into toil for pay.
Many loves have come and gone, with many never staying too long.
But my love for you is un-bending,
My thoughts of you un-ending
“Bound to work”
She was ailing with pain.
Work speed was some slow still then she was working.
406
Some—Work for Immortality—
The Chiefer part, for Time—
You WILL work till you're 70,
all you sloggers.
My government can't afford
