Waxing Bodies,
Waning Minds,
China- section- eight as America!
China section eight is army home.
Freedom, equality and justice
Had been the most valuable treasures
I.
ADIEU, New-England's smiling meads,
You have the grit and the guts, I know;
You are ready to answer blow for blow
LEANDER.
No more of Memphis and her mighty kings,
'Tis the witching hour of night,
Orbed is the moon and bright,
I HEAR CRY'S FOR HELP
AND BOMBS EXPLODE,
America has traded in his Mercedes
For a beat up, General Motors car.
The shadowy Daughter of Urthona stood before red Orc,
When fourteen suns had faintly journey'd o'er his dark abode:
I am a poet of the Hudson River and the heights above it,
the lights, the stars, and the bridges
Sing out! sing out! America,
''Sweet land of liberty;
In days of long ago,
how did Europeans enter America?
America, Europe and Asia are continents;
The first two interfere devastatingly in the third one's affairs;
'Tis fine to see the Old World and travel up and down
Among the famous palaces and cities of renown,
(America Conquers Europe.)
Foul shapes that hate the day, again grown bold,
(Europe Conquers America.)
Strong for the strong and in his own conceit;
America is America the land of the free, born in
the hope of a new world created, amongst men
In the Rotations
of the Universe
America Is In Intensive Care…….,
It’s just clinging to life……,
America is red, white, and blue,
the colors that stand so brave, and true.
As I looked out the window
birds soar across the sky,
America lives,
For you and for me,
It's great to live in a country big and strong
It doesn't matter if you are young or old
wonderful land that makes
us one
Although she feeds me bread of bitterness,
And sinks into my throat her tiger's tooth,
Glorious daughter of time! Thou of the mild blue eye --
Thou of the virginal forehead --pallid, unfurrowed of tears--
Once in English they said America. Was it English to them.
Once they said Belgian.
America, oh sweet home of mine
Glories beaconing fine
* I am not racist at all**This is how i feel about america**No disrespect to no body*
They call me second class
I love thine inland seas,
Thy groves of giant trees,
I
Where the wings of a sunny Dome expand
America! God gave you broadful landings
Designated mountains, valleys, tropics.
America the beautiful,
America the great,
America, you ode for reality!
Give back the people you took.
NOR force nor fraud shall sunder us! O ye
Who north or south, on east or western land,
OH mother of a mighty race,
Yet lovely in thy youthful grace!
O this political air so heavy with the bells
and motors of a slow night, and no place to rest
DEALS, DEALS, DEALS.
Small room, with twelve bathrooms.
Well I tried to make it sunday, but I got so damn depressed
That I set my sights on monday and I got myself undressed
Who are these immigrants who mow all of this grass
in the medium strips and along the roadsides;
O beautiful for spacious skies,
For amber waves of grain,
America The Beautiful
That what the song says
It is time that I speak up for what they call America
for a people not appreciated much,
Their fruits proud and confident with their knowledge of modern technology but,
historically sleeping.  For some call America "The Heaven on Earth." This simply means, "As there are many
1899
Who would trust England, let him lift his eyes
AUGUST 5, 1866
THOUGH watery deserts hold apart
America won't
Be the same anymore
Sunflower legions
lifted on green leafed shoulders
Another beautiful day i thought as i arose from bed that day,
Not ever knowing things could turn out this distructive way.
Slowly the hours beyond the midnight crawl.
Far on the frozen night a train goes by.
Life is cold
Life is shady
It’s all very well to dream of a dove that saves,
Picasso’s or the Pope’s,
Black Man In America for to long our chains held us so tight
beaten down as far as the dust chained to the night
A senseless act of hatred can change
Everything in a horrifying minute
My wish for today:
that poet friends were viewing
Against the eagled
Hemisphere
People united
To secure their liberty
Crossroads of this brave New World:
tiring - perhaps no longer young
1. ON A RHINE STEAMER.
Republic of the West,
And what of thee, O Lincoln's Land? What gloom
Is darkening above the Sunset Sea?
O Lord, our refuge and strength
When it's 'in God we trust'
god blessed america when he made the earth
god blessed america when he sent his son to sacrifise
I Believe In America…., we’re a nation of hopes and dreams…..,
Sweet freedom will fill our needs…., I Believe In America.
I Hear America singing, the varied carols I hear;
Those of mechanics--each one singing his, as it should be, blithe and strong;
I know a dream called America -
That led to freedom - our precious -
I, too, sing America
The melody is quiet but still passes my lips
First
one
Baby boomers were cool;
Now Ninjas rule.
Let America be America again.
Let it be the dream it used to be.
I
Now farewell to you! you are
Long, too long America,
Traveling roads all even and peaceful you learn'd from joys and prosperity only,
'Twas mercy brought me from my Pagan land,
Taught my benighted soul to understand
ONE song, America, before I go,
I'd sing, o'er all the rest, with trumpet sound,
WITNESS FOR TROUT FISHING
IN AMERICA PEACE
THE COVER FOR
TROUT FISHING IN AMERICA
ANOTHER METHOD
OF MAKING WALNUT CATSUP
SEA, SEA RIDER
The man who owned the bookstore was not magic. He was not a
THE AUTOPSY OF
TROUT FISHING IN AMERICA
WORSEWICK
Worsewick Hot Springs was nothing fancy. Somebody put some
THE HUNCHBACK TROUT
The creek was made narrow by little green trees that grew
THE PUDDING MASTER OF
STANLEY BASIN
A RETURN TO THE COVER OF
THIS BOOK
SANDBOX MINUS JOHN
DILLINGER EQUALS WHAT?
And now, when poets are singing
Their songs of olden days,
Once a shiny nation was established ‘cross the sea
Smelted out of blood and sweat, to guarantee all men be free
All hail to thee, noble and generous Land!
With thy prairies boundless and wide,
McCain, McCain, you are running in vain!
And you are in this national drama,
The game players of America,
Are first bred in our neighborhoods.
This is the greatest thing in North America:
Europe is the greatest thing in North America!
W orld renowned political figure
I ntellectual person, a vigorous leader
How would you have us, as we are?
Or sinking 'neath the load we bear?
I.
Brothers! between you and me
Brothers in blood! They who this wrong began
To wreck our commonwealth, will rue the day
Send but a song oversea for us,
Heart of their hearts who are free,
Wake up America, Why can’t you see,
An evil is pursuing both you and me,
In America
we are about to vote
The first area to look into is those pillars of American success I identified above: Cheap Labor, Cheap Energy, Cheap Food and a country filled with natural resources.
To this list I will now add, a decent birth rate or immigrant flow, small town and technical green enclave investment, income distribution reform, land distribution reforms, banking and financial reforms and a re-thinking of the purposes of an economy.
I asked the Muse Whither America?
'I see millions in the broken cities
-for pilgrim sake,
and land once,  of 'Native' soil
When will my angel come?
My breathing's coming so much harder
Beyond every breath of heart
An angel draw a tear;
Sometimes life gives us severe shock,
Undermines the plans and does block,
A small garden, lush with flowers
Pinks and whites and lavenders
Isn't is sad when an angel cries?
Small pearl drops fall from the skies,
It is raining
Slowly
He walked away into the night,
His knuckles swollen from the fight,
How sweet it were, if without feeble fright,
Or dying of the dreadful beauteous sight,
Maybe I have wings
That only need to stretch
An angel of grace
With beauty to spare
An Angel came one morning,
A visit he did pay.
Love...  which love?
What this word mean?
Angel angel, tell me true-
Is his heart as big and true
Look longingly,
eye on the prize,
Angel eyes are colourblind,
On a whim she lost my mind,
An Angel passed my way today,
And left a feather just to say,
She's sweet as a honey on a bacon
fitted like icings on a cake;
Love is some trick
You play on me,
You're my angel in disguise
You read my soul with your eyes
There's an angel in my pocket
who is watching over me,
There is an angel hiding in the dark
He is a sad one
In the darkness of your sorrow
In the emptiness of grief
May angels always care for you,
May they keep you standing tall,
Who cut your wings my angel?
Who destroyed your dreams today?
When you think you're all alone
and troubles come your way
You call me an angel of love and of light,
A being of goodness and heavenly fire,
I walked
upon
I squint through the keyhole,
Push open the door,
I saw an angel with a broken wing
I saw an angel cry
My sweet beautiful angel.
Sent to me from above.
angel
my baby
It’s been five months since you went away
Left without a word and nothing to say
Morning, evening, noon and night,
``Praise God!; sang Theocrite.
i smile a fake smile
so no one can actually see
i was lost and alone, as I always am,
no one's around me nor understands
(Humbly dedicated to my only angel, my cricket angel, my dark angel)
As I woke up from dreaming
As she walks through
the darkness
I see you now,
and it makes me cry in my heart,
guess what? other boys
ask god for heaven, holiday
Do you know who you are, earth angel.
You leave a lasting impression,
Being an earthbound angel
her wings curled up
Verse 1:
Life is like a broken dream
How do I say this?
I guess I'll start out with 'thank you.'
I have fallen from sky,
Fallen to the ground,
Falling Angel
Thank you for saving me from falling once again
So sweet; so innocent, the child of heaven
Fallen into revulsion, called Earth
I wish I knew an angel with a warm and tender soul.
One to send Uriah so his heart could then feel whole.
What is love?
An abstract word thrown recklessly about,
Guardian angel
You came just
I owe my every effort to
Her love, everlasting and true.
You never stand alone
When your guardian angel is always near,
A PICTURE AT FANO.
I.
limestone, with traces of polychromy, c. 1250
Point Dume was the point,
Actually, the whole entire poem's subject to change.  give tips if you want.  Dedicated to all the people I've ever cared about, even the ones who hurt me, played me, and lied to me.  They were my angels...once upon a time. Based on a painfully true story.
i still dream about it...
I heard an Angel singing
When the day was springing,
"It was wrong to do this," said the angel.
"You should live like a flower,
They were a soft kiss that he felt on his lips.
The kiss was gentle and made him fell warm.
In the heaven above was a little horny Angel
Now this Angel had been naughty, very naughty
They met back when they were both young
She gave him the love and the hope that he
When the night comes then your voice calm down
When the moon begin to sail in the sky
I know I haven't really been a good friend,
and I know I could of tried a little harder,
His eyes,
They follow,
An angel floated overhead,
With such soft gentle eyes,
the stars are in your eyes
the moon is in your lips
o my angel, whom is suspended, ..
suspended between the sky and the earth....
There's an Angel within me who KNOWS what I need.
I can have what I ask for, if I only BELIEVE.
My fallen angel,
My blessing,
I was there when you were born,
everyone said that you looked like an angel.
When looking back I dimly see
The trails my feet have trod,
From the moment we met
Something felt right
Empty and lost
in this nightmare,
It was written in the stars
That she would be something special
I saw something white in the bushes
it was a bunch of angels
Delivered out of raw continual pain,
smell of darkness, groans of those others
Sweet Angel in disguise
floated into sight one day.
Go to sleep my angel and dream
Of heavenly places and heavenly faces
I saw wild domes and bowers
And smoking incense towers
LIFE’S Angel watched a happy child at play,
Wreathing the riches of the blushing May:
Angel, angel where did u go?
You know I can’t live without you
At midnight an angel was crossing the sky,
And quietly he sang;
I dreamt a dream!  What can it mean?
And that I was a maiden Queen
The Angel that presided o'er my birth
Said, 'Little creature, form'd of Joy and Mirth,
1     When the last faint red of the day is dead,
2         And the dim, far heaven is lit
Morning, evening, noon and night,
``Praise God!; sang Theocrite.
They clamour and fight, they doubt and despair, they know no end
to their wrangling.
I dreamt a dream the other night
That an Angel appeared to me, clothed in white.
Shall I move the flowers again?
Shall I put them further to the left
All this was written on the next day's list.
On which the busyness unfurled its cursive roots,
A PICTURE AT FANO.
I.
Sooner or late--in earnest or in jest--
(But the stakes are no jest) Ithuriel's Hour
To ride upon the wings of an angel
Is something that would set most people's heart and soul aglow
An angel was tired of heaven, as he lounged in the golden street;
His halo was tilted sideways, and his harp lay mute at his feet;
The first time we meet
in New York City
We, unaccustomed to courage
exiles from delight
You are my oldest angel.
Your name will go untold.
There's a white angel out there
Out there somewhere
(Dedicated to my Grandmother whom past away MAR.2003)
You are an Angel
You Are My Angel
The Best Gift There Could Ever Be
I love to be free, among the clouds
And dancing,
You are my angel-
My pretty angel.
PHYSICAL RESOLVES FOR ANGER:
Close your eyes,  Focus on breath
As Cloe came into the Room t'other Day,
I peevish began; Where so long cou'd You stay?
you....!
issue ofmine
They are your own kids, cos,
They were conceived within you
When I am full of anger
I think in anger's terms
Sometimes we get angry
over the silliest of things,
Anger and jealousy are siblings both self destructive in their own way
Of the damage they give rise to we hear and read of every day
Anger is a form of fear
Anger is what I’m waiting to hear
Any time I don't understand something
Or feel unhappy with the way things are going,
A -All forms of vendetta
N -No stones left unturned
My anger is angry.
Its pain.
Anger is red danger
But a familiar stranger
Anger is a virus
That needs not even air
Anger finds always its reasons to be,
And sometimes may use a more powerful voice
Why must you torment me so?
Why do you want me to go?
this anger burns deep within,
every minute the fire burns brighter,
Anger lay by me all night long,
His breath was hot upon my brow,
There is this angry place
she said
Anger is my enemy
There is a plenty of anger inside of me
My angers still there,
its been building up inside,
people can be so stupid
but think they are all that
The anger that i feel seems to steal my only joy,
boy! i can't imagine another emotion that erupts into motion,
Anger builds up inside of me like a volcano ready to explode
The anger inside of me grows like cancer spreading fast and Destroying me
Anger is the Banyan seed
I secreted in the darkness of my heart
Inexplainable is her mood
Undescribable is her mood
Anger in its time and place
May assume a kind of grace.
It’s a source of revenge,
Master of destruction,
His anger is a hard summer storm,
Unpredictable and uncontrollable
This ill temper I have is making me mad
I blow up and I don’t know why
Corrupted vision under a swaddling blind
to things unable and things hard to find;
I am bottled anger.
Violence burns within me;
Anger is swelling up inside,
Nothing to do but let it ride,
Shut up, go cry
I want you to fucking die
Anger threatens to steal me away
My soul burns with fire, my sanity strays
Don't make a scene, Refrain
Angry words march through the brain
Your anger
Bursts like a thunderstorm,
Don't fight it
Don't use it
Epictetus the stoic philosopher said
that anyone who angers you becomes your master
Anger spreads poison in mind
Destruction it leaves behind.
Anger is a hydra -headed demon
A demon beating its  furious wings
How is anger escaped?
It stays deep within me.
Anger threatens
and bursts throught fast.
Here I am again
having the same old pain
Anger irks me!
I abhor persons
it boils within
slowly poisoning  all that it touches
Anger building up
So close to exploding
My house, is burning under fire?
I’m gathering proof!
Anger is the devil inside our locked up souls,
Anger is the spirit in which I with hold,
A spark, a flame, a fireball,
Anger, borne of dry desire
Searing reason and rationale,
With the seething rage of rash,
anger is anger....
anger makes you scream
Anger, a spark, within all of us.
There, anger is lurking, waiting to
ANGER
Anger,
anger is not love
anger is driking
anger is anger
anger makes you scream
anger is a force that can never die
anger is a force that lies deep within us
Anger
I keep it all inside
you make my so angry
i feel like you hate me
deep, dark ocean
womb vortex of secrets
'ANGER IS WHEN YOU FEEL LIKE YOU WANT O PUNCH SOMEONE IN THE FACE
ANGER IS WHEN YOU TURN ALL RED
Anger is bubbling away at me.
Burning a whole in my heart.
Anger is bubbling away at me.
Burning a whole in my heart.
Anger, a spark, within all of us.
There, anger is lurking, waiting to
Why do I let you get to me?
I don't understand what you say -
I'm not even going to say a word.
My mind compels me to speak, but for what?
eating away
eating away at all has been hidden through time
eating away at me
eating away at all I’ve worked to keep in control
Today I was angry with my friend
And I decided everything came to an end
Be slow to anger
And  much quicker to love.
As i pase through the unrelaxing motion of hate.. I feel the blood in my body rising like a flood, The tears swelling down my face like unstoppable rain, The anger building up like a tornado and the Blood tricklings from my hands is the motion of an unsovled murder i commited.. i try to study these flash backs with an open steady mind, but then the pain is to deep to uncover the angry pictures i had in my mind.. It felt like i was going to blackout and lose my mind! then the aurguement flares up like a huge flame of fire, then i start to feel like an animal in the jungle looking for it's prey, then i instally attacked my deepest feeling and went out of my mind with an unbearble thrash to my life that i could'nt dare control.. closed my eyes to think deep within the mind and when i woke up i never fulfilled my unsolved nightmare?When the clouds of anger
descend upon our mind
When toxic and volatile emotions
Are causing confusion and commotion,
Anger bestowed upon self
Is weight upon soul
I read this quote
“Depression is anger without enthusiasm.”
Whatever You do, Whatever You say,
Even if Your angry all day,
Anger for injustice
Anger for violence
Fathers anger you
But you love them
She sat looking at me,
Not listening to a word.
One must find the power to harness any moments of
anger and remember that anger is the roadblock
Build me up
Tear me down
One time you want to run away
To go and never look back
A twisted fear of my own emotions, my tortured temper raises,
Piercing screams, contorted thoughts, haunted by angered faces.
Great buildings before her have toppled like dominos
She made them look as fragile as a castle of sand
Not from this anger, anticlimax after
Refusal struck her loin and the lame flower
There is plenty of anger inside of me
It has to stop
THE lanky hank of a she in the inn over there
Nearly killed me for asking the loan of a glass of beer:
Remember Man that Anger is futile!
Restrain your temper bad when ‘fumes’ arise;
This ill temper I have is making me mad
I blow up and I don’t know why
I do not express my anger
I prefer to be at peace
Know, O dear readers, that the medicine of a disease is to remove the
root cause of that disease. Isa (Jesus Christ) -peace be upon him-
ur anger?
wat about mi anger?
I realized that you too get angry sometimes as human beings.
But you should serve a substitute instead of ferocious Quake.
Listening to the storm
Seeing anger in your face
Anger, my faithful friend, never relenting, embedded in the
pit of my soul, ready to strike when fate and foe deal
Anger?
Don't languor
Allowing
Nerves to
Incisions marked with skin of silk,
I am vulnerable,
There he was positioned in front of the
reflection and through the eyes he senses
This morning I’m a feline,
walking with grace.
We’re marching for animal rights.
We have the right to fight.
Who is sexually interested much - guy or girl?
Guy says it openly but girl never though crazy!
Humans contrived weapons to help them survive,
Their spears and arrows kept them alive,
In the Kingdom of animal royalty
Where cats and dogs would reign
Changes his color
Often like a chamelion
Have you ever thought you are a useless animal?
You do practically nothing or exceptionally well
Aimless animal
Tuesday,9th October 2018
When one is called simple
that may simply not be so.
Sahara desert
Rare oasis around
Animals are being abused everyday
And they are hopeless
As the warm weather heats the ground at my feet
Donkeys shaking at their knees
I had some fun
With some deer
Quiero un amor feroz de garra y diente
Que me asalte a traición a pleno día
Can you enjoy a meal,
If it ain't your Cat.
Animal crackers and cocoa to drink,
That is the finest of suppers I think;
We are hell bent on committing animal cruelty
Thousands of unknown diseases emanate from poultry
Animal Farm
The news on papers, sites and yahoo
nice to be an animal
free from worry and care
Walking 'round my yard, I just wanted to see, if any
little friends wanted company..
That summer, we did not simply walk through
the valley of the shadow of death; we set up camp there,
The sweet smile upon your lips
Smooth movement of your hips
A newborn bull calf
Being licked by its mother
Bite me
I will bite in return
I've got this great kid who just loves all animals,
Cats, rabbits, dogs and ducks;
Have you ever heard a giraffe laugh,
Or a chimpanzee go hee hee hee?
Animal lovers sit, with their exotic dogs,
at the trendy Cafe.
Puppies and kitties march in the street
holding signs that say, 'Paws For A Cause! '
Footsteps in the dark marching on the hearts
Of the stark winter terrain that was the family’s farm
Dragged down to the ground with a shoulder out of place
A man struggles all about, anguish carved into his face
We
are animals.
clock o clock,
how could i be a diamond dog,
There are people I think who consider me friend,
But I don't know for sure that they're right,
(Remember each plus+ prefixed line describes a diffrent animal. Try naming each different animal in the riddle. I've done these types of riddles on other sites and poets have so enjoyed doing them. So try solving and after sufficient answer attempts by diffrent poets I'll announce the 1st 3 winners along with my answers.)     ok try it.)
+Hooks and hangs itself prehensile style
animals have feelings
thoughts, needs, desires,
Prevent the cruelty to animals
Animals are also entitled to live
Sacrifice unto me
The animal of thyself,
I am an animal
Proud to be one as I walk on the naked earth
I wish there was a cat in me
Giving love like a huge favour
A bird, a dog
and a croaking frog
Day in day out i struggle
i have no future
It is not human trafficking.The little hedgerow birds,
That peck along the roads, regard him not.
A was an elegant Ape
Who tied up his ears with red tape,
And now to what remains!- Since I've resolved
By what arrangements all things come to pass
Butchering animal is said to be
the production of meat requires for good health.
pressed against the glass
reflection from down
there once was a crazy animal
that liked to roll in a ball
I'm writing to you from the loneliest, most
secluded island in the world. I mean,
'Do vegetarians eat animal crackers? '
Was what I was asked one day.
Dreams I have we can stop animal cruelty.
Dear Lord, please will you grant me a wish that
It is beautiful wish
That finishes
They walk like a majestic, behave like gentle animals
Elephants are known as the biggest mammal on earth
We are surely fool animal
If can't sense the downfall's arrival
A passion which refused to ache,
I found her shadow,
animal joy
freedom from
All the animals
trundle by
How shall my animal
Whose wizard shape I trace in the cavernous skull,
Animal is seen for animal
But human is for unknown
My children planned a visit to a zoo,
They invited me, I replied with a shoo,
Few things rules the world,
And all are, almost all are very keen to it,
Poets are imagery animals
Wait for thoughts arrival
2)  In animal durbar aliens' teeter-tottering on dandle board in the middle sat some rats and jumping cats unsure of anything tried to jump in both ways but the result is they stayed at the same in the theatre of absurd, really buffoons! Abracadabra!  Politico-clowns wore psycho gowns in their hands, magic wands ready to offer some sops to the both dwellers of pandemonium and harmonium: Sponsoring free tickets to all galaxies with a bonus ambrosia, lifetime guarantee - arrangements meeting with aliens, robot slaves, free WiFi www connections even in hamlets,1 kg gold, to kids, some toys: cycles, cars, elephants, sickle, fans, etc. Special offers to little boys teddy bears with hands; to little girls supplying lotus flowers 24/7 are only few to name: Mania, mania, election mania election shouted modern soothsayers in hallucination.
Fisherman bought fishing net, put some bait to catch a fish sang fisher man waving his hands to his sweethearts; oh sorry they are just his voters. Holy-moly In the animal durbar, playing chess teeter-tottered aliens on the dandle board, in the middle meddled so dumping rats and jumping cats on either side but unsure of anything jumped in both ways but the result is stayed at the same place in the theatre of absurd, oh real buffoons!
Intelligent animal
Monday,4th May 2020
Behind the smooth texture
Of my eyes, way inside me,
It’s not MY idea for a poem title, but
my wife’s, whose got me in a bridal bridle.
Man, and animal
Confused, can't take a side
MAN AND ANIMAL
Animal,
Neither a part of the teeming herds
nor a rebel without cause,
O Love, dark animal,
With your strangeness go
Have you ever heard of a sheep-
that was a police officer?
My dear Monsieur,
Which party,
Some people say man is social animal
He has to act liberal and mix with people
There lived a girl called Lovina,
Whose animal-love was great;
Blizzards, wildfires, Tsunamis and hurricanes caused no trauma
Nor earthquakes & erupted volcanoes did any catostopic drama
Soon we got the answer.
Unable to find a man or animal
Let God turn his merciful eyes
To make successful our tries
I.
Those human beings
Is it legal for me
To call myself an animal?
The world which was once beautiful,
Is now a dark blank scary place,
The Animal Planet
May 3, 2020
Thunder roars in the distance
His sense of loneliness deepens
There is an animal, with ferocious
Eyes, tamed and beautiful;
I’m the only elephant in Phnomh Penh
No more of my kind you’ll see
No earthquake, no thunder, no volcanic eruption
Or even there was not any of other natural calamities,
Here goes the tale
A man went to jungle
The Bloodthirsty More Than Ferocious Animal (Haiku Poetry)
January 28, 2020
Like the easily startled deer,
A horse is prone to fear.
we are never
quite immediately aware of what we know
Animals don't lie,
So Why should we?
The nocturnal animal who feels alright to move
Into the middle of nowhere,
To Whom …..at US Postal Service …….it may concern:
At a board meeting I was recently troubled to learn …..
In order to make creation right,
in the beginning God said:
Why won't the acclaimedly intelligent beings of the animal world,
Called the humans,
The animals in the zoo must be taken care of,
but the Zoo Director who does it is not an animal.
To sum up all, I'm old -- and that's
A fact the years decide;
Change of animal nature to human nature is needed
To aim for changing to divine nature finally sure!
Love is the most beautiful thing alive..
You might not think its alive, but it is.
Man is basically wicked animal
No one can see his ideas even if naked
Animal is a creature:
A mammal,
She looks straight into my brown eyes
And creeps so very near
All babies are wonderful
When I see them I let out a squeak
We are waiting for the baby
To smile its sweet smiles
Her smile lit the night
Her laughter inspired angels
Pregnant again she confides in a friend.
No where to go, no one will take her in.
As a drenched, drowned bee
Hangs numb and heavy from a bending flower,
A baby boy is born, a sweet, innocent black baby boy.
comes to this world as a –child—not a toy.
I knew that a baby was hid in that house,
Though I saw no cradle and heard no cry;
A baby lay forgotten
In the womb of the dead mother;
When the bare feet of the baby beat across the grass
The little white feet nod like white flowers in the wind,
This is my First Baby
Even though I'm still young
A little baby girl screams out her silent cry
Knowing that her mother may chose for her to die
This is your mother’s kiss, my child!
Don’t you worry: things will be fine;
Acts on me my baby
Don’t let yourself stand there
Baby sleeping now
at her breast
Beautiful as a rose
Lovely as a tune,
They are the Baby Boomers
Born to reunited families
Baby boy, you’re all I ever think about.
Your there, stuck in my head
My baby brother falls a lot.
I see how sad he feels.
He's fast asleep.  See how, O Wife,
Night's finger on the lip of life
A baby soon will sleep in that crib
He will have lots of dreams
My mother gave me a baby doll,
And said it was my own to keep,
Large Baby eyes smiling joyfully at me,
Baby eyes as brown as can be.
Everything has turned upside down,
but when ur around,
He was such a tiny little man
Held in his mothers arms
Each day I listen to my heart
Mapping a path for our possible love start
so there you are in
your pram or kiddikarria
Baby Love, walk with me
Hold my hand
She was a precious little angel that
Came into their lives one wonderful day
Baby sweet, baby mine,
King of Kings, so sublime,
O precious newborn in our home
Gift of God's great love divine.
We were driving along the bay
My girl friend really needed a pee
Out come two tiny feet
Mum wails
Baby on my mind
I can’t stop to think about you
It's in the heart of the grape
where that smile lies.
Baby let me tell u how I feel
Baby let me love u till the end
Baby oh baby
That's it yeah baby
When you were created, I knew I had found it.
The angel face, and beauty all around it.
I asked you, if you liked me, you said no.
i asked you if i was pretty, you said no.
baby do you kno how i fill
since you always want to keep it real
NO!
I dont want her to grow up to be like me,
From torrid heat to frigid cold
I've rovered land and sea;
Baby baby
Smile making
Baby tomorrow I wonder
Where my thoughts shall be
Baby is dumb
Adult has wisdom
Blue Baby, we love you alot
Yup Baby, even though you're gone
Were you born
ever to be a burden.
A bush baby baby am I,
Bouncing 'neath the baobob tree.
hello world
you may not know me
come baby...
come sweetheart...
Dearest Baby,
My heart is broken.
A hot day in mid January and scarce a puff of breeze
And John and Dave in cherry picker up by power line trimming trees
Fate is a baby young eyes
In to a morning daybreak
Covered in cake and icing,
Your smile stretched ear to ear.
When your heart is lost
I will be your world map
Hey baby. It’s me.
We need to talk.
Liner Notes - (from No More Mister Nice Girl)
I was having a foul day. Some geezer harrassed me on the street and I got completely bent out of shape, but the guy was huge so I just stuffed my retort. Went home to drink coffee. No milk. I ripped through the cupboards and found Non Dairy Creamer. It tasted like shit. I got into one of those senseless rages where you throw stuff. I hurled the Non Dairy Creamer and it fell into the tub where I was running some bath water. The creamer erupted and made this bathing gel of Non Dairy Creamer. I was ready to kill myself. Instead I wrote Hey Baby.
In the lone place of the leaves,
Where they touch the hanging eaves,
Little girl
only three
Hush-a-by Baby
On the tree top,
I know a baby, such a baby, -
Round blue eyes and cheeks of pink,
“I love you baby”
I whisper
Come and lay beside me
and kiss me my Baby..
Lets do it again baby
Because I need
Your voice
soft as a sea
Quite child, do not scream
Now is the time to dream
I see you upon a breath of light
Lying downward on this night
Little brown baby wif spa'klin' eyes,
Come to yo' pappy an' set on his knee.
life without regrets,
you only get one chance.
By day he was a plumber, a regular one of the boys,
But by night he ran Ladies Parties, selling fantasy sex-toys.
Maybe I love someone, and maybe I don’t
Maybe il tell him so, and maybe I wont.
i read in the newspaper about
a young woman raped
It looked like a storm was brewing
Dark clouds were ominous, it’s true
Walking through the house
doing the usual cleaning
Together, my man and I
Lie together to join my baby and I.
Your the baby girl that brightened our world,
a suprise in a way,
Beautiful little girl
That's what you are
The long nights are never much boring
my dear hubby takes care of that
my baby is in heaven above.
i knew god will give him lots of love.
My sweet little baby, when you were born into my life
you made me to forget my worries and strife
Softly comes the night,
Moon Woman walks the land.
Nature Baby as free as a bird
Nature Baby not speaking a word
You listen
with twisting awkwardness
Ode to baby
In some small ways when you think about it
When your mother was crying in pain,
I took her to hospital, then I heard your
We're gonna have a baby!
Daddy told me yesterday.
They emerge; and as they do,
your whole world is re-shaped;
He lay within a warm, soft world
Of motion. Colors bloomed and fled,
I try and rise above the fear-induced fog in my mind
Above the lemon-rind bitterness that loving and leaving
$5000.00 for every new baby born in America
They heard your promise and they will come in droves
Baby, sweet baby, with tears in your eyes
Rest your head gently, there's no need to cry,
the time i dropped your almost body down
down to meet the waters under the city
An elderly person - a prophet by trade -
With his quips and tips
Little baby firefly
when your night is through
volanic eruption
baby turtles flocks
fengshui master
hatched turtles know instantly
Clouds gather
as we gather
You flew in softly and tiptoed in my life
My parched soul got a reprieve
As the nightingale sings its song
And the serpent slides into where it belongs
I was hoping to find you there
But you are gone
There the kites come
Head grasped in the children’s hands
Walking Along The Beach In Nova Scotia
Walking barefoot  in the sand
1. The Public Pier
Here beyond the screaming beach,
FAT dragons spoil the
fitches, plead says
While children playing
And parents walking along
Golden Moon has appeared high above the night Sea;
Heavy wind is blowing fast after a long spell of heat;
The two of us alone on that stony Cheathrú Rua beach
On a July evening that almost seemed like my reason for being.
I sit here in my cups wondering
where it all went and why.
One summer's day, with nothing better to do,
I went to the beach to enjoy the view.
An umbrella being dragged at the day's end.
A seagull churns its wings,
My owners they took me to the beach
They parked facing the sea it was in reach
I don't know if Poetry Lover
(hereafter called plover,
I stood on a sandy beach
on an April weekend.
Why not long walks on the beach
Whispering sweet nothings to each
At your side, I will stand, together we'll walk, through the sand. With the setting sun, and a summer breeze, reflecting our love, on the open seas. A walk on the beach, I will share, hand in hand, we walk with care. Making our hearts, strong and brave, along with the passions, of thee ocean waves. Together in love, our souls will teach, and guide our future, as we walk on the beach. For I am in love...oh, , sadness...
your circle killing me..
I’ll go among the dead to see my friend.
The place I leave is beautiful: the sea
Let’s talk while we walk on the sandy beach
The moon kissed sand cold under our feet
She sits on the arenaceous beach
with her legs extended out in front
At The Beach
You roll down the window
Many have trod
this sandy beach
at the beach
building castles
Pebbles on the beach
Pierce through our heels as we walk
The largest stones are piled against the sea-wall
since that huge storm, a hundred years ago.
Beach, beach,
Here is Puri
Softly and humbly to the Gulf of Arabs
The convoys of dead sailors come;
Sitting on the beach chairs
watching the setting sun
footprints of sandpipers
were so transient
While you walk the water's edge,
turning over concepts
On the beach of dreams, we sit
watching a never setting sun.
Beach
Sunny, warm
Fine, warm sand under the skin;
breeze playing with the long hair;
As I walk along the deserted beach
I feel the damp sand surronding my feet
beach volleyball today.
you wear your cap
Silver white sands spill from my hands
As they flow the grip tightening shows
there is something about the ocean
that brings out the earth-mother in me
Paradise is the word,
no other to be called,
I am walking along a street, on soft asphalt,  and
I am sticking heels  into the zebra.
One of my fav poemzz.......
The sea is calm to-night.
The sea is calm to-night.
The tide is full, the moon lies fair
As shingle slides upon the shore
this gentle summer night, we stroll,
Come praise unnecessary wars, although
Videos and narratives must disprove
Down to the beach
Down to the beach
Little surfer chic
Cleaning out my clock.
IT is a beauteous evening, calm and free,
The holy time is quiet as a Nun
In his tenth July some instinct
taught him to arm the waiting wave,
(Nonasyllabics)
In retrospect the tragic nature
Palilan, Jimenez, Misamis Ocidental
circa 1996
THE SUNLIGHT glitters keen and bright,
Where, miles away,
As we walked along the beach, crashing waves
thundered in our ears and a light, salted mist,
somewhere in my darkness there was a spark
today it ignited rare thoughts of you
I saw from the beach, when the morning was shining,
A bark o'er the waters move gloriously on;
On a summer break
Do not read your law books
Plash…keesh… plash…keesh
the waves throw themselves
"Tie stille, barn min!
Imorgen kommer Fin,
just hold my hand, love
lead me to heaven
To the beach, my dog and I run,
Play catch frisbees, just for fun.
Cloudless the day with blue vaulting it's way
Into the air and sea. Running the length
We went to the beach to get wind in our hair
to stand on the sand and simply to stare.
When Mother was a young girl,
what would she have felt
My Garden—like the Beach—
Denotes there be—a Sea—
Along side the sea shore I walk,
Alone, none by my side to talk,
Early one evening
I caught the lore
Hmm... such a fresh air I smell
On the beach of the dreamland,
a nude beach
looks like fun
Omaha Beach.
Who fought for freedom there?
On A Far Away Beach At Dawn
Your face is etched in the stars that dot a sky about to lose its black
On a rocky beach
I fished my fresh fish
Wind whines and whines the shingle,
The crazy pierstakes groan;
ON the beach at night alone,
As the old mother sways her to and fro, singing her husky song,
ON the beach, at night,
Stands a child, with her father,
The waves race up the shore,
and then retreat quickly.
At dawn, bare footed, viewing as far as eyes can reach,
the water's edge advances and recedes along the beach.
Please don't tie me up in a relation,
please don't ask me silly questions,
Waves crashing on the beach
Sand in my toes
It is always the dispossessed—
someone driving a huge rusted Dodge
There are things in life that everybody wants….
She believes that in order to find the perfect shell
a mother tells a story to her son
'there are three men
Oh they won't let us show it at the beach no they won't let us show it at the beach
They think we're gonna grab it if it gets within our reach
Standing On The Beach
We are standing on the beach
Birds swimming in the sky
Colours blended with the kite
that beach where we sit together
beside the sea
I'd like to return to the world again,
To the dutiful, work-a-day world of men, -
The summer we spent at the beach
left us far from where we started.
The beach is where I want to go,
To listen to the ocean voices ebb and flow.
Salt spray on your lips
crashing waves crescendo in your ears
I'll walk beside you hand in hand
Where the golden surf cries out for land.
I once ate a peach on the beach.Louder than gulls the little children scream
Whom fathers haul into the jovial foam;
Squat, unshaven, full of gas,
Joseph Samuels, former clerk
FOR the fairest maid in Hampton
They needed not to search,
Upon a lonely desart Beach
Where the white foam was scatter'd,
Oh, how I missed you, Lonely Beach,
Where I have left my soul,
lift your skirt
thump your feet to the waves
April Cannon Beach
the sea lions too taken up
We walked on the beach
my shadow and I.
When I walk om Margate’s beach
something is caught,
We would climb the highest dune,
from there to gaze and come down:
I dreamed about an Easterbunny
on Zuma Beach, where it was sunny.
Sun soaked revelations
on a patio deck.
young women, old women
in their heart
Standing on the edge of nothingness
the wind of regret blowing through me
All my days before yesterday
Were for me just a joke…
I walked to the cliff top to watch the sunset
thinking of you and the time that we met
When the sun rise in the morning
then you shine like a brighten lady
you appear there
in front of me
The stars glisten……,
Around the moon…..,
When you smile:
Your eyes shine so bright,
Corinna, Pride of Drury-Lane,
For whom no Shepherd sighs in vain;
Beautiful is the 'thank you'
Wrapped with gratitude,
O beautiful for spacious skies,
For amber waves of grain,
The mountains and glens of Aberfoyle are beautiful to sight,
Likewise the rivers and lakes are sparkling and bright;
I suppose we start with Lipstick
Red, Cherrie, spread on nice and Thick
Beautiful
This world,
Beautiful Balmermo on the bonnie banks of Tay,
It's a very bonnie spot in the months of June or May;
Ye lovers of the picturesque, away and see
Beautiful Balmoral, near by the River Dee;
Really beautiful,
Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful,
A shimmering of your hair
As I glance in awe
How Beautiful of birds
of the air,
I never knew the beauty was there.
I was a little girl with curvaceous hips, and thighs.
Blue eyes so full of life
A wonder all of their own
Beautiful city
Beautiful city, the centre and crater of European confusion,
Ye lovers of the picturesque, away, away!
To beautiful Comrie and have a holiday;
Ye lovers of the picturesque, if ye wish to drown your grief,
Take my advice, and visit the ancient town of Crieff;
Roll on, roll on, and stare!
Beautiful daughters of heaven
frost bitten rain drop
watched by crystal eyes
1     Beautiful dreamer, wake unto me,
2     Starlight and dewdrops are waiting for thee;
Beautiful city of Edinburgh, most wonderful to be seen,
With your ancient palace of Holyrood and Queen's Park Green,
We loved eachother
Our hearts were warm
Inner voice
straining to be heard
As I walked down the steps,
my eyes caught your innocence.
BEAUTIFUL lofty things:  O'Leary's noble head;
My father upon the Abbey stage, before him a raging crowd:
They look at my dark complexion and they laugh.
But that don’t bother me.
Beautiful Monikie! with your trees and shrubberies green
And your beautiful walks, most charming to be seen:
All ye tourists who wish to be away
From the crowded city for a brief holiday;
Bonnie Mary, the Maid o' the Tay,
Come! Let's go, and have a holiday
North Berwick is a watering-place with golfing links green,
With a fine bathing beach most lovely to be seen;
It ought to be lovely to be old
to be full of the peace that comes of experience
Don’t cover your face with your long bangs;
Try to hide your figure with your hands.
Honesty is beautiful
Kindness is beautiful
The grass is green
I can be seen,
Your so beautiful
Beautiful to me
And he showed me a pure River of Water of Life, clear as crystal, proceeding out of the Throne of God and of the Lamb." -- Rev. xxii. 1
Shall we gather at the river
Off on the prairie, where the balmy air
Kisses the waving corn,
Beautiful Rothesay, your scenery is most grand,
You cannot be surpassed in fair Scotland.
All ye lovers of the picturesque, away
To beautiful Torquay and spend a holiday
To Original Music
The people in this nation,
The village of Penicuik, with its neighbouring spinning mills,
Is most lovely to see, and the Pentland Hills;
WOMEN sit, or move to and fro- some old,
some young;
Young lovers entwined on the grass
On a beautiful hot summer's day;
Beauty is not a superficial form
Each has their own in essential nature
Because you’re Beautiful
This poem’s addressed
It is raining again
In Detroit tonight, Susan.
Pink’s pretty passion, Red’s re-revelries
Blue’s babbling brook, Green’s gracefully glee
Crazy Loneliness Hijacks Memory of a Beautiful Girl
Last night
Tears are falling,
From beautiful eyes.
If you see me roaming Woodward Avenue
Down by the Majestic Theater,
Oh, Marcia,
I want your long blonde beauty
God's beautiful sky
you hold the earth in place
You shape my bones into your hunting coat.
Rain slants like needles through the falling air.
Great, wide, beautiful, wonderful World,
With the wonderful water round you curled,
How beautiful
is the morning,
If only I could write a beautiful love poem
I would write it special and only to you
We were both sitting
In a little non-descript bar
Beautiful - beautiful morning outside,
Bright with the sunshine and glows in the sky.
If you choose it, no one can get any...but lose a lot
When a flower was faded
Dear Johnny, I return my thanks to you;
But more than thanks is your due
On a warm sultry night last August,
I went to a rock concert featuring Liz Phair
All things bright and beautiful,
All creatures great and small,
I have two beautiful children
Was it excellent? A daughter and a son
My dove, my beautiful one,
Arise, arise!
In a world of barbies, implants and a size 26 waist
heartache's no more prevalent than in her with a beautiful face.
Beautiful landscape! I could look on thee
For hours,--unmindful of the storm and strife,
A Brother and Sister
O I admire and sorrow! The heart’s eye grieves
Simplicity is beauty,
Purity, divinity;
a Korean woman
had been sitting
Something beautiful
You gave me,
IF when the sun at noon displays
His brighter rays,
X
Yet, love, mere love, is beautiful indeed
Gloomy faces in grocery stores
Traverse the aisles of the vegetables.
The beautiful American word, Sure,
As I have come into a room, and touch
Beautiful, black-eyed boy,
O lithe-limbed Beeshareen!
They drift down the hall together;
He smiles in her lifted eyes.
One wading a Fall meadow finds on all sides
The Queen Anne's Lace lying like lilies
Beautiful Ancient City of Perth,
One of the grandest on the earth,
I love you more than my old soccer cleats,
The ones I’ll never give up.
Come, cuddle your head on my shoulder, dear,
Your head like the golden-rod,
What gives it power makes it change its mind
At each extreme, and lean its rising rain
The mountain valley is the place of nature's gift
Through out the season it shower with beautiful nature
Now I leave this cottage lowly,
Where my love hath made her home,
I go to bed in Los Angeles thinking
about you.Beautiful Sun! with thy golden rays,
To God, the wise Creator, be all praise;
Take the showers of April
The roses of June
Two genii are there, from thy birth through weary life to guide thee;
Ah, happy when, united both, they stand to aid beside thee?
The world is a beautiful place
to be born into
If I am not in your life, do not mind
However, I will come in your dreams every night
Weary not of us, for we are very beautiful; it is out of very jealousy and proper pride that we entered the veil.
On the day when we cast of the body’s veil from the soul, you will see that we are the envy of despair of man and the Polestars.
You are beautiful
Your love shines right through me
Walk straight into the blissful arms
Of a new day,
i woke up
my body was cold
We can appreciate the energy in art
and feel strong in the transfusion,
Ah whither, Love, wilt thou now carry me?
What wontless fury dost thou now inspire
Rapt with the rage of mine own ravish'd thought,
Through contemplation of those goodly sights,
These evil days require you to grit your teeth in misery to survive,
But you have to realize life is more
If this our little life is but a day
In the Eternal, - if the years in vain
A thing of beauty is a joy for ever:
Its lovliness increases; it will never
The beauty of a ruin may be best
appreciated by a rank outsider,
For Ann London
As you described your mastectomy in calm detail
The perfect American Beauty Rose,
is it diminished
The sovereign beauty which I do admire,
Witness the world how worthy to be praised:
In vain, poor Nymph, to please our youthful sight
You sleep in cream and frontlets all the night,
AH whither, Love, wilt thou now carry me?
What wontless fury dost thou now inspire
Rapt with the rage of mine own ravish'd thought,
Through contemplation of those goodly sights,
I was a 20 year old unemployed receptionist with dyed orange dreadlocks sprouting out of my skull. I needed a job, but first, I needed a haircut.
So I head for this beauty salon on Avenue B.
Squire Adam had two wives, they say,
Two wives had he, for his delight,
When Beauty and Beauty meet
All naked, fair to fair,
there is something about the ocean
that brings out the earth-mother in me
Beauty arise, show forth thy glorious shining,
Thine eyes feed love, for them he standeth pining ;
BEAUTY clear and fair,
Where the air
Beauty imposes reverence in the Spring,
Grave as the urge within the honeybuds,
Theres a poem in every flower,
a sonnet in every tree,
I am black
I am beautiful
Beauty marks are meant for kissing...
This girl's are found in places pleasing:
516
Beauty—be not caused—It Is—
The beauty of a Summer's day begins
Watching the bright, morning sun rise,
I don’t desire to wear a sad face too long
When I know I live in a world of flowers and birds
Age is just a state of mind
And this we know for sure -
WHAT does it mean? Tired, angry, and ill at ease,
No man, woman, or child alive could please
Beauty is in the eyes of the beholder
Beauty is in all things.
Say not of beauty she is good,
Or aught but beautiful,
Even as on some black background full of night
And hollow storm in cloudy disarray,
Look in my eyes, what do you see,
Beauty of the inner me.
Most people find beauty in looks,
But I find beauty from the written words in books.
Beauty comes within.
Not within the heart
The beautiful, the fair, the elegant,
Is that which pleases us, says Kant,
beauty is a gift of god
love and affection
You say that you can picture me sitting in my chair.
What is it that you picture when you look from over there?
There was in her face,
in the contours of her
I
FAIR is my Love and cruel as she 's fair;
And a poet said, 'Speak to us of Beauty.'
Where shall you seek beauty, and how shall you find her unless she herself be your way and your guide?
The beautiful, the fair, the elegant,
Is that which pleases us, says Kant,
One heavy day I ran away from the grim face of society and the dizzying clamor of the city and directed my weary step to the spacious alley. I pursued the beckoning course of the rivulet and the musical sounds of the birds until I reached a lonely spot where the flowing branches of the trees prevented the sun from the touching the earth.
I stood there, and it was entertaining to my soul - my thirsty soul who had seen naught but the mirage of life instead of its sweetness.
Beauty is warm and cold
Beauty is black and bold
Consider
a girl who keeps slipping off,
Can beauty remain beauty without light?
No beauty survives without light in sight
The falling of snowflakes coming down
Making a blanket of white on the ground.
As if chiseled, a fruit-laden branch
Hangs in my garden, asleep - so low...
Drunken mystics
Reveal simple truths
I went for a walk with my love
down to an old vacant lot she took me
For beauty I am not a star,
There are others more perfect by far,
'Twas at that hour of beauty when the setting sun
squandereth his cloudy bed with rosy hues, to flood
Beauty like hers is genius. Not the call
Of Homer's or of Dante's heart sublime, --
God scatters beauty as he scatters flowers
O'er the wide earth, and tells us all are ours.
When my arms wrap you round I press
My heart upon the loveliness
O CLOUD-PALE eyelids, dream-dimmed eyes,
The poets labouring all their days
The awful shadow of some unseen Power
Floats through unseen among us, -- visiting
I died for beauty but was scarce
Adjusted in the tomb,
I died for beauty, but was scarce
Adjusted in the tomb,
Looking over the fields towards the Sun,
Observing that the rain had just begun,
Know Celia, since thou art so proud,
'Twas I that gave thee thy renown;
It is not Beauty I demand,
A crystal brow, the moon's despair,
There is a power whose inspiration fills
Nature's fair fabric, sun- and star-inwrought,
Beauty is the sensation of your heart skipping a beat,
when eyes full of mischief glance at you...
O beauty, passing beauty! Sweetest sweet!
How can thou let me waste my youth in sighs?
EXULTING BEAUTY,­phantom of an hour,
Whose magic spells enchain the heart,
Who gave thee, O Beauty!
The keys of this breast,
Is that the only way we can become like Indians, like Rhinoceri,
like Quartz Crystals, like organic farmers, like what we imagine
Glory be to God for dappled things --
For skies of couple-colour as a brinded cow;
Blest be the dawn, the luminous blue-slate,
the arch transfused by the glorious sun,
Some say beauty is only skin deep, and to some this may apply.
Outward appearance is not real beauty, I'll tell you the reason why.
Your two great eyes will slay me suddenly;
Their beauty shakes me who was once serene;
Cold winds can never freeze, nor thunder sour
The cup of cheer that Beauty draws for me
It's unlikely but true -
Your physical attraction
She lay safe in my arms
her eyes closed  in sleep,
I'LL gaze no more on her bewitching face,
Since ruin harbours there in every place ;
O, how much more doth beauty beauteous seem
By that sweet ornament which truth doth give!
The flesh gets beauty, when draped by its skin;
The soul loses beauty, when filled by sin;
Bright star of beauty, on whose eyelids sit
A thousand nymph-like and enamour'd Graces,
Beauty, sweet love, is like the morning dew
Whose short refresh upon the tender green
Snowdrop of dogs, with ear of brownest dye,
Like the last orphan leaf of naked tree
If Beauty thus be clouded with a frown,
That pity shines no comfort to my bliss,
Under the arch of Life, where love and death,
Terror and mystery, guard her shrine, I saw
It's early autumn
The Fort Worth International Airport
Part One - The Calling
Let me sleep, for my soul is intoxicated with love and
I am the beauty
The beauty in the summer *the heat*
988
The Definition of Beauty is
Beauty no other thing is, than a beam
Flash'd out between the middle and extreme.Krishna passed that mountain many times;
and yet his followers observed that day
Brittle beauty, that nature made so frail,
Whereof the gift is small, and short the season;
Don’t go downward
Into dark sunless thoughts;
I BADE, because the wick and oil are spent
And frozen are the channels of the blood,
There was intoxication in the air;
The wind, keen blowing from across the seas,
WHEN from my cheek I lift my veil,
The roses turn with envy pale,
HE that loves a rosy cheek,
Or a coral lip admires,
DEAR fellow-artist, why so free
With every sort of company,
To what serves mortal beauty ' —dangerous; does set danc-
ing blood—the O-seal-that-so ' feature, flung prouder form
May I find a woman fair,
And her mind as clear as air,
The bleak of winter leaves me among despair
Thier is only anger and chill in the air
Your beauty makes my heart skip a beat...
from the anticipation of when we meet,
I bought a dishmop--
having no daughter--
Comfortable, oh yes comfortable
but how to explain
She'll love you 'til her dying day,
and just to prove it
SAINT THYAGARAJA
BRIEF INTRODUCTION
SWAMI VIVEKANANDA (A brief introduction)
Swami Vivekananda (Narendranath Datta)    was born on 12-01-1863 at Kolkata and died on 04-07-1902 at 39 years of age.  He was a disciple of Guru Ramakrishna Paramahamsa, who worshiped Mother Kali. Swamiji was the first religious ambassador to America, in which land he was recognized for his talents and deep knowledge in the Hindu ancient scriptures and religion.  He was advocating for Universal Religion.  Every world citizen should read his speeches in 9 Volumes released by the Ramakrishna Mission Association..   His life story starts with the Birth of Hinduism.
(Born on 12-1-1863)
The Land of Bengal is famous
Who know thee, love: thy life be such
That, ere the year be o'er,
oh! wake up my lovely princess,
allow the sun to rise for you,
The Child is rocked on Mary's knee,
Cold in the stall this bitter night,
… a birth of a day
an endless - gifted
Has any one thought over?
Almighty has given gift to him or her
DAVID.
What means yon apparition in the sky,
'Tis fit SERENA shou'd be sung.
High-born SERENA, Fair and Young,
I'm a disgrace to the life
I lived as a girl—
You that on Stars do look,
Arrest not there your sight,
In numbers, and but these few,
I sing thy birth, oh JESU!
Flower buds sleep,
hiding dreams inside.
This day, dear Bec, is thy nativity;
Had Fate a luckier one, she'd give it ye.
All things within this fading world hath end,
Adversity doth still our joys attend;
(written when i was 12)
nobody tells us
Birth and death, twin-sister and twin-brother,
Night and day, on all things that draw breath,
I who have known thee, Birth, must know Death too:
As old, old men their children's children fold
Death is certain for birth.
Is birth certain for death?
(Dedictaed to Unborn Sufferers and Victims)
Who stopped my pulsation
I don't care what you say
I don't care how much you deny it
Birth Day....(my friend's birth day)
shiddath se tha muntazir voh apne janam din ka,
O my faithful Friend!
O early chosen, ever found the same,
Small is the new-born plant scarce seen
Amid the soft encircling green,
And wouldst thou seek the low abode
Where PEACE delights to dwell?
as i remember my day
with the angel by the side
For Alexandra, born May 17, 1999
Armored in red, her voice commands
Joy is a trick in the air; pleasure is merely
contemptible, the dangled
BIRTH IS BEGINNING
Birth is beginning,
Behold her,
Running through the waves
… birth of a day
An endlessness, gifted:
I tried and tried again
To write a poem from beginning to end.
a prisoner
of my own wish,
As women are full with their
unborn children, so it is that
no religion will bring it to you
no merchant can supply it.
The dark hour.
Pitch black.
It was quiet
as bone.
Oh happy days, we chide the voluptuous
memories began by youthful inclinations
In an open field I sit,
my life has turned to shit;
You can never lose that part of you
Our hearts were beating as one
Before we knew
anything at all about sex
Blind from my birth,
Where flowers are springing
Our vows are heard betimes, and heaven takes care
To grant, before we can conclude the prayer;
Gautama Buddha was the founder of Buddhism Religion.  He was born in 560 BC and died at the age of 80 in 480 BC.  His life story is known to the world as a popular reformer in the spiritual world. His life story goes:
GAUTAMA BUDDHA
Siddhartha loved his wife
More than his own life.
At this glad Triumph, when most Poets use
Their quill, I did not bridle up my Muse
‘... unless a kernel of wheat falls to the ground and dies, it remains only a single seed. But if it dies, it produces many seeds.’
(Jesus Christ)
Death and birth should dwell not near together:
Wealth keeps house not, even for shame, with dearth:
'Tis the midnight hour; I heard
The Abbey-bell give out the word.
Urg'd by the warmth of Friendship's sacred flame,
But more by all the glories of thy fame;
You made pasta for you and the kids
I looked on longingly; pasta looks good,
my birth
unplanned
Beyond the long and often lonely wait,
Beset  by urges strange from deep within
Hope is like a harebell trembling from its birth,
Love is like a rose the joy of all the earth;
As women are full with their
unborn children, so it is that
I
This morning I thought how easy
You gave me love,
you breathed life into me.
MY UNENDING BIRTH AND DEATH
esspeecee… 27.10.96.
Climbing a path which leads back never more
We heard behind his footsteps and his cheer;
I.
1 .
'Tis Nancy's birth-day--raise your strains,
Ye nymphs of the Parnassian plains,
Stella this Day is thirty four,
(We shan't dispute a Year or more)
While yet it was the Empire of the Night,
And Stars still check'r'd Darkness with their Light,
Mark the day white, on which the Fates have smiled:
Eugenio and Egeria have a child.
Families, when a child is born
Want it to be intelligent.
His father's sense, his mother's grace,
In him I hope, will always fit so;
I am not yet born; O hear me.
Let not the bloodsucking bat or the rat or the stoat or the
How long can stay the happiness?
How long can stay the sadness?
Not in this chamber only at my birth—
When the long hours of that mysterious night
Some glory in their birth, some in their skill,
Some in their wealth, some in their body's force,
As when desire, long darkling, dawns, and first
The mother looks upon the newborn child,
This starry dawn – the wise men yet afar –
the shepherds are abed, their night’s task done.
Have you not noted, in some family
Where two were born of a first marriage-bed,
When you were born, beloved, was your soul
New made by God to match your body's flower,
All travellers at first incline
Where'er they see the fairest sign
As when a beauteous nymph decays,
We say she's past her dancing days;
The words
come to me
I.
Mark this holy chapel well!
The Angel that presided o'er my birth
Said, 'Little creature, form'd of Joy and Mirth,
From The Birth Canal of The Womb
The Lifeblood Flowed and Zoomed
Muse of my Spenser, who so well could sing
The passions all, their bearings and their ties;
When Love was born of heavenly line,
What dire intrigues disturbed Cythera's joy!
A Legend of the Talmud.
I.
The Sunbeam loved the Moonbeam,
And followed her low and high,
At the creation of the Earth
Pleasure, that divinest birth,
he was born on a dark lonely night
and not a soul was in sight.
a new life;--thoughts move not as they did
With slow uncertain steps across my mind,
Bright glittering lights are gleaming in yonder mansion proud,
And within its walls are gathered a gemmed and jewelled crowd;
Young mother! proudly throbs thine heart, and well may it rejoice,
Well may’st thou raise to Heaven above in grateful prayer thy voice:
Resign'd to live, prepar'd to die,
With not one sin, but poetry,
While, Stella, to your lasting praise
The Muse her annual tribute pays,
May each new Year some new Perfection give,
Till all the Mother in the Daughter live!
we may be the same in face and needs
but! i am different in value and deeds.
I celebrate
my lover's birthday
All is still and silent now
The world is at peace with man
In the State of Kerala,
South-west of India,
In the aqueous placenta
Of Psychological
Terrorists struck without warning!
Coming out of a clear blue sky
The first day you woke me up,
did you open the door
I was groping for a friend
in a net of eyes by the tube;
To tribute to your kindness
In words is not enough
My heart feels so troubled by the things that fate has done,
I love you dear brother, to me you're number one.
Brother Rabbit and Brother Terrapin wanted to run round a tree.
They went to Brother Bear and asked him to be the referee.
Abuse
He was little at the time,
Frank, wil't live unhandsomely? trust not too far
Thy self to waving seas: for what thy star,
Who was the villain
When it all began
Traumatized, by life's indiscretions
Submerged in stereotypical
My baby brother falls a lot.
I see how sad he feels.
His ears are ever vigilant be careful of what you do say
Big Brother he is listening from you he's never far away
When I look upon a photograph.
Not so long ago, not so faded.
Humankind has come far in technology so very far 'twould seem
Back in the nineteen fifties of such achievements we dared not dream
I have a friend far across the sea.
We have never met,
Big Brother he is always watching you
And nothing unbeknown to him you do
Burning! Burning! Whole world is burning
Erased ghettos, razing down skyscrapers
The first born of the family
Brought happiness and prosperity
He lies near to death
Dying in the dust
I know so well I have made a big sin
When having said something that has hurt you.
"SISTER, sister, go to bed!
Go and rest your weary head."
Brother, Brother
thank you for being there
Brother Brother
Please Come Back Home
“Brother Brother a long time has past 15 years since I’ve seen you last
Your laughter and smile will never die like your spirit that fills the sky
The magical song birds flew away from the uncle's orchard without informing him.
The trees some were uprooted and old as same as uncle's gray beard.
My brother Jim's a millionaire,
while I have scarce a penny;
SHE has gone,-- she has left us in passion and pride,--
Our stormy-browed sister, so long at our side!
my brother he is lost to me,
grew up and he out grew me.
BROTHER of all, with generous hand,
Of thee, pondering on thee, as o'er thy tomb, I and my Soul,
I think of you and shed a tear
I'd cry a million if they could bring you back here
We all make our mistakes in life and for that payment is always in full,
Regardless of our actions our decisions leads us to either victory or defeat;
Why dont you come home at nights?
Why are you always getting into fights?
I can still hear your voice
although decades have passed—
Someone who wants to be a rocker
Known as my brother
I love you
Can't you see
Brother to brother
I know that I can always coun on you
Tell me something my Cyber Lover,
do you happen to have a brother?
dear brother
will i ever see you again?
Oh brother of mine, why don't you just die tonight.
oh brother, oh brother, oh brother... just  die tonight.
There’s a mirror likeness between those two
shining, youthfully-fledged figures, though
Let us pray to
the demons of time
Full many a dreary hour have I past,
My brain bewildered, and my mind o'ercast
whenever ur running out of time,
to complete your assignments,
Who was aged five when I was born
My brother
You were still my brother
no matter what you did
sirloin over an open flame
lost its flavor when I went broke
I am one of the least of your brothers.
I am neither your son or your lover.
In hte ghetto you'll never know when it's gonna be your time.
sitten here in the ghetto thinken about time we had,
If God could give us a new brother?
What type of broyher would he give us?
O mother mine, Dau (Balram)forever teases me.
you never gave birth to me,
Little brother, can’t you see
You follow me around like a bumble bee
My Little Brother…You grew up so promisingly
I glad I had you as a brother as you will have my back
Wars have been and wars will be
Till the human race is run;
I've always wanted to play the part
of that puckish pubescent Filipino boy
the sound of your poetry is just perfect,
in fact more than perfect, it has the tongue of the witch in mindanao
On a special delayed morning
When I was still snoring
She’s lying on the bed, comatose
No familiar faces around, she could stare
Falling through memory's wide open window,
Hitherto kept tightly closed.
I was here thinking about way back when
I guess maybe when I was seven or eight, or maybe ten.  Thinking about the time when we still lived back on the farm,
My brother has cancer
He’s four years older than me
My brother in law, AL
Is such a wonderful guy.
My brother
Is a part of my family
my brother julian is weird,
but hes not one to be feared,
After I returned from the nursing home,
My Bumped head looked like a dome..
My Brother is very bad
He always makes my mother sad
My brother
Is my son
my brother's so sweet
in times of need he is there
a big brother
is a guy i love to be around
My brother
My brother is my keeper
My Brother is so annoying
My Brother is so sad
My Brother is ther one who helps me up when i have fallen.
My brother is the one who is always saying no he cant be your boyfriend.
The moment you were born
We were all happy to see you
My favorite brother is really helpful and even funny. He's really great at  making friends, better than me ill say. My brother is always there for me and hes almost never annoying. My brother loves me and I love him too. Because he's my favorite brother, because he's my only brother.
Dedicated to my favorite brother
My little brother is full of joy
One of the few things in life that I enjoy
Sticky fingers and a chocolate face
Broken toys and a broken vase
I sometimes get angry at my mother,
For giving birth to such a naughty brother!
My sister and brother grew up without their dad
though they wouldn't admit it, I knew it made them sad
My sweet brother…! ! !
I am blessed with a sweet little brother,
Oh, brother, my brother
Don't weep;
He left Ireland in nineteen fifty two
Our brother John the man I barely knew
Behold! three sister-wonders, in whom met,
Distinct and chast, the splendrous counterfeit
a gentle breeze blows ocean side
the easter lilies usher in the spring
a small naked boy - holding a hose
blond hair smooth
Follow the ravens who gather
in the weeping willows.
You are the best I have, my brother nice!
I know so well you suffer too like me;
My brother's in a wheelchair
and he can't jump or run
I figured I should call you
Before I started drinking again.
None lives for ever, brother, and
nothing lasts for long. Keep that in
He stands at a Roundabout,
A white placard of black letters
And we shall not leave
This country we shall build
I.
If teares could wash the ill away,
Life of my life, take not so soon thy flight,
But stay the time till we have bade good-night.
to my baby brother on the anniversary of your birth,
to my little brother your make my world spin, my earth,
Many the wonders I this day have seen:
The sun, when first he kissed away the tears
Brother, today I sit on the brick bench of the house,
where you make a bottomless emptiness.
Give me your hand, my brother, search my face;
Look in these eyes lest I should think of shame;
People wish to be settled. Only as long as they are unsettled is there any hope for them.
-- Thoreau
The first time, we met; you treated me,
Like a sibling, like a brother.
What is a brother?
Someone who is there
I remember that dreadful morning,
Waking to the beast,
As butterflies with beauty grace the air,
so love cannot be lazy in its love;
In elegant dress
Blue-Winged butterfly poses
The darned life crawls through the smooth & silky roads
But rival thorns; And he feels the fragrance of a distant Gypsy flower
........................It’s a butterfly day.
...............Not yet what color can I say.
Tell me what's happening to me?
Why is my heart beating so fervently?
I.
Wonder winged luminous in my eyes.
My butterfly is no longer mine,
I wonder if she ever really was;
A beautiful butterfly flies high above.
It gracefully emits, warm rays of love.
A butterfly
Sleeping
I'm a bleeding butterfly.
My wings are made of glass but are strong enough to carry me.
A Romantic Dialogue
The Butterfly:
The cat is fascinated!
Stares in wonderment,
BUTTERFLY
As born with Spring, with roses born away,
I met someone somewhere out there
One angel, with eyes that dare
butterfly, butterfly
fly in the sky
Butterfly, Butterfly
flew so high.
Hoping to catch your eye
Circling around you, oh my
hormonal soup
pulsing, congealing;
She stood crookedly at the desk
on that first day.
The dreams
of my heart
Oh to be a butterfly and flutter my wings by your check
To have you admire me as I glide by your beautiful smile
The dreams of my heart
my mind doth pass
I strongly believe
With all my heart
Butterfly Effect
My very birth sent forth a tremor
The butterfly was young
Her vibrant wings of delicate lace
The little wings,
Bearing the colors,
Butterfly, Butterfly; so awsome and free, spread your wings and fly to me, ever so gracefull and full of love, you shine like the sun above, Butterfly, Butterly, so awsome and free
, I wishfor the true love you, d bring me to see, Butterfly, Butterfly, so full of color and chear, when I see you, I feel you so near, Butterfly, Butterfly, you lighten my day, and hope in my life you will stay.................There’s one thing I know,
That I hold close to me
In the middle of our porridge plates
There was a blue butterfly painted
Butterflies flitter about, some fly by rapidly, and others seem to just float past your eye.  I often wonder at their beauty of flight and feel quite envious that I cannot do the same.  Life I suppose can be a little like that; sometimes events go by rapidly, while others, they seem to meander up and down flying slowly through our minds.  It is the rapidly moving ones that irritate me; most events come and go so quickly.  You look forward to something for months and when it eventually arrives it is over in a tick of the clock.  Leaves you sometimes to wonder why it happened and why you looked forward to it so much.  The slower events in time, which are really the ones we experience everyday can be so beautiful and thought provoking, that they last for a longer period of time.  Then we have the earth shattering events that come like the butterfly you have never seen in your garden before that grabs your interest.  These can grip you so strongly, that eventually it dawns on you that this is something worthwhile pursuing.  The idea grows and grows, before you know it, you are on a different path in life, which is hopefully leading you to a better one.  This can be very exciting and fulfilling.  It is the same as when all those years ago, a lady showed my wife and I a paradise flycatcher; we have been bird watching ever since.
It is amazing how we quietly go about our affairs from day to day, and the time slips by quickly month-by-month, then year-by-year, before we know it, we are nearly at the end of our time.  We look back and wonder how we really got, to this moment in time, without an honest thought, to what we are actually doing, with this wonderful life we have been given.  Surely it is better to stop and think about our life now, take notice of what is actually going on, what we are doing, how we think, and where we are actually going.  I don’t know, but it seems so logical, to have a thought or sight which is so inspiring, it makes us change our attitude, our life.  After all we only have one life that we know of, having a second one would be wonderful, but surely it is better to enjoy this one now, than hope for another one that could be better.  We are good at making our own hell on earth, surely it is better to enjoy the world for the heaven that it is.
Butterfly moon of a flightless dawn.
Marching softly with a rhythm gone.
A butterfly dances in my garden.
I don’t know its colour.
Quill me in heart and I'll lose my breath,
Pen me in soul and I'm heaven-bound,
Butterfly; butterfly fly away,
teach me how to be as free as free can be.
A butterfly can fly away,
A butterfly can be a kiss,
Butterfly, the wind blows sea-ward,
strong beyond the garden-wall!
Flying high, being a butterfly
sings aloud in deep forests
Nobody knows this little butterfly,
who wanders and roams
Feel like a butterfly; mostly
half finished
The breath of dead man winter’s
Swirling vapors of the frozen -
You're pathetically ugly,
thats what they all say.
Went down to the garden
and see a Caterppilar
Butterfly
Will your wings curl up at the first sign of frost
Butterfly
Beautiful, Colourful, Graceful
Im homeless
As wonderer as dandelion
there in the sky you see a butterfly
fly little one fly
Flippy flip butterfly
Merry merry
butterfly
I stopped to look at a butterfly-then it flew away.
when its lonesome
its alone
Wearied by loneliness
And grasping at straws
Allow me
To push back your hair
I grow,
I struggle,
A butterfly flew to my window pane
Beautifully black spotted and big
Butterfly wings.
Dancing, shimmering lights.
Vulnerable, soft and fragile
Delicate to the touch
Butterfly, flutterby
Come to me
Perhaps it had arrived undercover
between the rich dark green leaves
Chuang Tzu in dream became a butterfly,
And the butterfly became Chuang Tzu at waking.
Clap your wings
Butterfly, Butterfly
730
Defrauded I a Butterfly—
The white butterfly
Hiding in petals
354
From Cocoon forth a Butterfly
I built my life with muddy bricks and a tin sheet for the roof,
My history teacher suggests the name; poverty
Sweet, bide with me and let my love
Be an enduring tether;
I captured a butterfly in a jar
I danced around in the grass for hours
I saw a butterfly
I saw him well
I saw a butterfly today
Small and green with no wings
If I were a butterfly
I would fly to your garden
spring butterfly
that drunken dance
I saw a beautiful butterfly in flight
And how it enlightened my life.
Little butter fly
Fly up to the sky
Hold it gently
let it fly
Love is like a butterfly
never here nor there
Some time ago,
while on my run
You are my butterfly
So graceful and beautiful
Thine emulous fond flowers are dead, too,
And the daft sun-assaulter, he
i know, that you always asked about me...
and know that, to my talks you missed...
Butterfly, oh butterfly, why do you hide in the shadows?
Spread wide your wings, let your heart sing
Behold, how eager this our little boy
Is for a butterfly, as if all joy,
Once you touch a butterfly
it often, flustered, fails to flutter,
One day I saw a sweet butterfly
Just as pretty as can be
541
Some such Butterfly be seen
Long, long ago,
There was a tale of a blue butterfly,
UPON a garden's perfum'd bed
With various gaudy colours spread,
The Butterfly and the Lark (Shakespearan Sonnet)
Much like a painted picture taken flight,
when you swat a fly
another glacier crumbles
As love falls down from the sky,
It lands on the wings of a butterfly.
The butterfly from flower to flower
The urchin chas’d; and, when at last
Look, a butterfly. Did you make a wish?
You don't wish on butterflies.
there was once a beautiful butterfly,
it would flutter its perfectly patterned,
There was never a Queen like Balkis,
From here to the wide world's end;
The dawn is smiling on the dew that covers
The tearful roses; lo, the little lovers
I'VE watched you now a full half-hour,
Self-poised upon that yellow flower;
STAY near me---do not take thy flight!
A little longer stay in sight!
682
'Twould ease—a Butterfly—
I think I was on a balcony
overlooking the whole thing.
Fair Child of Sun and Summer! we behold
With eager eyes thy wings bedropp'd with gold;
Will you even notice when I'm gone?
The space no longer occupied by me
The stars
finding it hard
Hey my Girlie! the nursery teacher
you taught me to spell love
I'm always getting this junky mail
plopping through the door
A car is a car
If it can ride you nearby or far
A car is a car.Two days ago while Ringo was crossing the street into the sidewalk Suddenly a careless driver ran over the little kitten Ringo,        His mom called Possy did not about that accident, but                She gave birth to four little kittens in the same day Ringo had that Accident,                                                           Possy cared about Ringo, but                                         His fate was not a matter of questioning,                               We all felt sorry for Ringo's death, but                            We can not do anything,                                             Ringo rests in his tomb for ever, so                                 No fear about him anymore.The rain's cold grains are silver-gray
Sharp as golden sands,
A fun fill ride it was
though it scare the hell out of us
The simple joys of life are nicer
A rose, a rain or a river
I knew that
was a slow car
He spoke of Burns: men rude and rough
Pressed round to hear the praise of one
The railroad dick looked straight at him, eyes unwavering, beady-eyed, menacing, and Harry counted his change to see if there was enough for a bribe; searched his thoughts for an escape route, but he was not as young as he used to be and the dick was young, legs like a deer.
He tussled Barney’s hair and said:
Suddenly accelerating the running state
The leaders unexpectedly braked hard
I wanted a car when I wearied of walking.
With savings in hand, I left home to peruse.
Cars and donkey carts, dust and noise, heat and mob
of humanity in a narrow street...Shoving and pushing
Walls of white surround
Constant beeping is the only sound
I close my eyes
And it pops in my head
June-July with its divine hues comes every year;
Bringing car festival of its kind very rare,
Car is here and I am in the car
Car is here and car is within me
Car is taking me,
whose car? I feel
Combination of attractive physique and comfort
a medium of connectivity and economic growth
Four wheels to take you anywhere.
Upon it you bestow loving care.
some people male female
get out of cars slam doors
Every morning I have to drive towards the sun
just as the sun is about to rise.
Drivin' away in my automobile,
taking a corner a little too fast
Once apon a time, long, long ago
Daddy's car broke down when he bumped into a doe.
Well, I should be sittin in an air conditioned office in a swivel chair
Talkin some trash to the secretaries
You pull into a car park
and they spring out of nowhere.
The most humorous
Car wreck I witnessed
The leather upholstery and walnut dash
Nothing plastic looking cheap or brash
Don’t try to take the driver’s wheel
When someone is spinning out of control.
The price of gasoline at the pump jumped so high;
therein robbing me of my play money, forcing me to eat
Like the car he drives,
He will pass you in the fast lane of life,
From Deniliquin to Jerilderie paddocks gray and bare and brown
On to Narrandera and West Wyalong and many smaller country town,
There are ghosts inside of the engine of my car
And while I am driving my car
Come you, cartoonists,
Hang on a strap with me here
Exceptions are there are none.
Why there are none but after that being done unto me even the headlong car is not feared, my race was half ran before it was over.
I have bought this car
By my own money
I ran my car into God today;
I thought I had the right of way.
If my body was a car,
I'd trade it in for a newer model.
I don’t know sh^t: I studied enough to learn
The job,
The eyelids meet. He'll catch a little nap.
The grizzled, crew-cut head drops to his chest.
inside the car one rainy day
one sees the scattering of people
So, it’s just a silly car wash?
My friend, it’s so much more!
To the memory of the Rhodesian Helicopter Pilots and
the 20mm cannon Gunner.Two men one helicopter;
English professor and poet Narayana Kasturi
was an employee of All India Radio.
Alone rides slap of rails
to jerk, down and up, are
Last night I drove a car
not knowing how to drive
By stuffing newspaper up the exhaust of my car
Somebody I do not know have taken their fun too far
How I adore a bright sunny morn
Glorious summer glistening with light
A thousand children. How could I remember
all of them? I was the teacher; they were there
« prev. song
next song »
The Christmas tree has dried to brittle green
Gifts are stacked within the bedroom closet
Of Morris Motors fame,
William Richard was his name
Driving on a cold winter night,
drove with tears drowning my sight.
Decided are my ways;
Altered are my days,
A fool stole my car and damaged it!
And, when he was caught,
Here is my car
The driver sits in the car
I love my
Car...
My brakes won't applicable to these mockery roads
As it's too old they say.
I will never forget the day I bought my first new car,
And had a date with a girl that lived not too far,
I have a little red car,
that fits five quite comfortably,
You are a brown dumpster
With wheels. And me smiling,
I go and get my new car today, boy I'm so excited
I chose it yesterday, I can't wait to be reunited
inside the nice brand new luxury car
(and hence very expensive)  rides a body that drives smoothly on the
He ran
Fast as anyone can
Child, a moment of love ago
you danced in the eye of the woman
I had a dream: you came to me
on purple car, as in a childhood.
Once we had a car,
that was the colour of silver grey.
Parked at the curb,
The Petaluma Police could not observe,
I. CHICKENS
I am The Great White Way of the city:
My car has broken down.
I have a comfortable feeling
Gordon Loft was a traffic officer working radar duty
Whose wife and daughter was in a family beauty
IT'S a lean car ... a long-legged dog of a car ... a gray-ghost eagle car.
The feet of it eat the dirt of a road ... the wings of it eat the hills.
Pretty Girl in a shitty car
Headliner hanging
Princess just wants a new car.
I have told her that hers will go far.
I was born for driven dirt race car's
I'm not made for pavin long roads
See my car,
I am driving the car
Selling a Car.
When I bought the car
My Alto looks superb and majestic,
From Maruti Udyog- ‘The talk of town! ”
dirt track slopes to sky
penning five hundred horses
A car quite big and yet so small!
A car that’s meant for people all;
We came out early on that Tuesday afternoon
I didn't want to part just yet for you to be gone so soon
I went to a party
just the other night.
The car moved ahead
At its steady pace
Smokes
The driver
You are gone. The car radio is a curse.
Hundreds of  songs, especially our
The Lady of the Motor-car she stareth straight ahead;
Her face is like the stone, my friend, her face is like the dead;
We're away! and the wind whistles shrewd
In our whiskers and teeth;
The motor car is sullen, like a thing that should not be;
The motor car is master of Smart Society.
'But do not come to Daddy,
crying, come Monday morning
Are you born to be a race car driver?
Even if not, many of you are a race traveler.
how I wonder what you are.
Leaking oil everyday
Love's fiery chariot, Delia, take
Which Vulcan wrought for Venus' sake.
With the gift of the gab they would talk their way out of hell
These used car sales people they know how to sell
while driving my car late evening
from school
The window's blurry,
The odometer's broke,
But yet I don't think women truly like it
when another woman speaks her mind.
There are few things that bother as much
as to look for you car
you sit inside the car
as i drive on this busy road
Waiting patiently a quarter to one,
we heard the whistle blow.
[NOTE: THIS POEM IS NOT TO BE USED ANYWHERE WITHOUT MY CONCENT. PLEASE USE THE LINKS IN MY BIOGRAPHY OR MESSAGES ON THIS SITE TO CONTACT ME. THANKS.]
I can't remember,
Hear someone giggle,
Peer out, there is no one... puzzled;
Some call it checkers,
I call it draughts.
I am glad I met you on the edge
Of your barbarous childhood
A COUPLET OF PABLO NERUDA HAD INSPIRED ME TO COMPOSE THIS POEM. COMPOSED ON 8TH OCTOBER 1980.
**************************************** *************************************
My mother stands at the screen door, laughing.
“Out out damn Spot,” she commands our silly dog.
On that November noon, as we drove in
To my home town, at the foot of Shivalik hills.
Tangled in thought am I,
Stumble in speech do I?
light. strikes
a silver hand
I missed out on having a childhood
went from a little girl to womanhood.
There is a place from our childhood;
we like to visit now and then,
Just lately I went walking
On the roads of yesteryear;
If I don't
go and
The sun would volley
Live coals on bodies
And as we grew older
Childhood became so distant
OH there is blessing in this gentle breeze,
A visitant that while it fans my cheek
You'll never have
another chance
Among the things enriching,
That helped to shape my life,
Most of us had childhood books
The meant so much to us long ago
It would be good to reminisce
of all that's lost from childhood afternoons,
The sharp, irregular knock of wooden
brush’s shoulder against skirting-board,
When I was very little
I use to dream that I could fly.
Sunlight peeps thru closed curtains
like a sleepy child, nodding in - out
Childhood Faded away,
to a far away land,
Cheap and charming items
Settle on the numerous tables
Rummaging our way,
Through the school backyard,
There was a time when I was very small,
When my whole frame was but an ell in height;
So good being a happy kid,
playing with your kit,
I lay my head sideways on the desk,
My fingers interlocked under my cheekbones,
In a land far far away
Lived pixies
Come on people move
For childhood is calling
down the rabbit hole
of childhood memories
Back when I was a kid at play,
we played  games throughout the day,
I use to sharpen the teacher's pencils
I erased the chalk from our classroom boards.
Rays of light flow through the glass,
Flittering memories of the past.
CHILDHOOD MEMORIES
I still remember my childhood,
Some people have a childhood garden
Filled with green and growing things
I become stronger when I am in her presence
For even she knows that she is my quintessence
The most enjoying period in one's life,
Is the exciting childhood life.
Ah me! conceiv'd in sin, and born in sorrow,
A nothing, here to day, but gone to morrow,
I.
That idol, black eyes and yellow mop, without parents or court,
Memories of childhood prattle sweet,
Strange, funny utterances incomplete;
Childhood, sweet and sunny childhood,
With its careless, thoughtless air,
She does not know that rooms are bleak and bare,
That poverty dwells with us all the while;
I was unable to read and understand
What were papa up to and his stand?
I cannot reach it; and my striving eye
Dazzles at it, as at eternity.
These recollections with the scent of ferns
Are the idyll of early years
Childhood is rare
Unlike a bear
At the height of sun-pressed summer
the tar on the seaside pavement
Childhood is not a real hood.Childhood...
Childhood...
Listen to their laughter
Listen to them sing
It would be good to give much thought, before
you try to find words for something so lost,
I
The bitterness. the misery, the wretchedness of childhood
I miss my old home
It had a broken mirror
The younger years may fade but childhood remains within
Like a constant trace which can never be erased by time.
memories of childhood...
such a wonderful, hazy, warm feeling,
CHIPS OFF THE OLD BLOKE
This face(our face)    is
How advanced they are, these children of the future,
Like small adults, within their tiny frames,
I used to be
in the Girl Guides
Underground, down in the dugout
when during the second world war
I thought I was prepared.
People asked
Outside the house an ash-tree hung its terrible whips,
And at night when the wind arose, the lash of the tree
'lie still, and be forevermore a child'  Christopher Dowson
Your remote beauty is impressive
How we loved them.
In an otherwise grey world
Up on the hill
In the posh areas
An open space, pitted with ditches,
Jagged places, filled with debris.
Happy childhood memories the best memories of all
And my younger years in Millstreet I will always recall
Downward through the evening twilight,
In the days that are forgotten,
I am a lot wiser now than in my childhood
Because in my childhood I always wanted my way
I look through my childhood as if I were there,
but yet remain in this grown up body, which in life is not fair,
I remember my childhood
Whenever I am in the mood
things don't die or remain damaged
but return: stumps grow back hands,
I find myself praying to Jesus
When once again
L'enfant chantait; la mère au lit, exténuée,
Agonisait, beau front dans l'ombre se penchant ;
Ice-cold fear has slowly decreased
As my bones have grown, my height increased.
Childhood Is
when the world to come
We were little girls
Living next door to one another
my childhood garden
my childhood garden
I
My childhood's home I see again,
Childhood memories are often steeped in mystery.
The older we get the memories exclude
My childhood was fun,
tough and exciting.
My mother tells me about it,
And I also remember a bit,
my childhood was the time when i was innocent
when the world seemed to be fair
Homework, said my teacher,
Is to write a poem,
soil soil and soil, , playing in the soil,
No fear of disease, no fear of toil.
The Child is father of the Man;
And I could wish my days to be
We shall not ever meet them bearded in heaven
Nor sunning themselves among the bald of hell;
Elbowing our way, we run.
Someone is being beaten up in the market.
If I get a chance to bargain
Will ask the Almighty again;
Some deem I'm gentle, some I'm kind:
It may be so,--I cannot say.
I was not born with a fortune wholesome;
Born nor was I, as the only son-child;
Can I forget my mother’s cooking skills,
Her punishments and kind advice at times?
Isn't it enough for me to be a blossom of humanity
to breath the beauty that is meant for a being
Down the dimpled green-sward dancing
Bursts a flaxen-headed bevy,
--Was it for this
That one, the fairest of all Rivers, lov'd
When he asked about my childhood
I knew not where to start.
when u once lived here
life was so much different
Today I found a can of paint.
The paintbrush was there, too.
It comes in many flavors.
It comes in lots of smells.
Our neighbor, Mr. Brown,
came over yesterday.
When I think of the many people
who privately despise children,
I gotta play by myself today
cause Mommy is cleaning and mopping.
I walk among the rows of bowed heads--
the children are sleeping through fourth grade
I WALK through the long schoolroom questioning;
A kind old nun in a white hood replies;
There's an angel in my pocket
who is watching over me,
Angels all around me.
Angels high above.
133
As Children bid the Guest "Good Night"
My baby brother falls a lot.
I see how sad he feels.
So, this is Christmas morning...
everyone is here.
Hush now, barking spiders,
please don’t make a sound.
The barking spiders all march in
just past dinner time.
Those pesky barking spiders
followed me to church Sunday.
Bats can hit a baseball.
Girls can bat their eyes.
All things within this fading world hath end,
Adversity doth still our joys attend;
Wake up, Mom and Daddy.
We’ve got a BIG surprise.
Children imitating cormorants
are even more wonderful
Our fathers wrung their bread from stocks and stones
And fenced their gardens with the Redmen's bones;
I talked to Grammy yesterday
about a girl I know.
Children love, they laugh, they care.
Children, bless them, they know how to share.
Come to me, O ye children!
For I hear you at your play,
With beasts and gods, above, the wall is bright.
The child's head, bent to the book-colored shelves,
Christmas is really
for the children.
I cry when I am hurting
and sometimes when I'm sad.
Daddy left his boots for me
and here I have to stay
On warm dark nights I think I see
beneath the weeping willow tree,
Dear God,
I dreamed I came to Heaven
Dear Mommy up in heaven,
you’re always in my mind.
Did you ever wonder about dreaming?
How the pictures get in your head?
Blame us for these who were cradled and rocked in our chaos;
Watching our sidelong watching, fearing our fear;
Little Indian, Sioux, or Crow,
Little frosty Eskimo,
Little shadows, little shadows
Dancing on the chamber wall,
Give Love to the children Children need love everyday
Give love to the children Guide them on their way
Being glad is simple
and sometimes glad is great.
God has pity on kindergarten children,
He pities school children -- less.
Children, you are very little,
And your bones are very brittle;
There's a dear little home in Good-Children street -
My heart turneth fondly to-day
Gramma's gone but not forgotten,
that's her apron hanging there.
Daddy planted grass seeds
and up popped new green grass.
A long time ago, a little girl
believed that she could fly.
I love teeny tiny ants
and itchy bitsy fleas,
I’m just going to sit here.
I won’t say a word.
I had eight birds hatched in one nest,
Four cocks there were, and hens the rest.
Get your ice cold glass of lemonade!
Hurry, before it's gone.
Mommy, Daddy, how I miss you
and I know you're missing me.
listen children
keep this in the place
Little ants marching in single file
crossing my smooth window pane.
I love jelly beans,
all but the black ones, they’re yucky.
Little sisters are adorable.
We've tried to tell ours, though...
Mama, am I pretty?
'Why do you ask', she said.
An old broken doll
remembers her first Christmas
My daddy calls me Will-dog.
PaPa calls me chief.
There once was a monkey named Mike
who headed out west on his bike.
Monkey see,
monkey do,
There's a monster in my house!
It came in a great big box.
Today I'm cookin' the dinner.
I stir in all the stuff that I should
My friend, Sherla, was hard to see
for Mom and Dad, not me.
I have a shadow hooked to me.
Sometimes he's big.
The toothfairy took my tooth lath night
and left thome money, too.
Night-night moon
Night-night stars
I made a paper Valentine
all red and edged with lace.
I don't have a little brother.
I don't have a sister, too.
Mom’s car has three foot pedals.
I think I’m gonna ask her -
Mommy's on the couch.
Daddy's in his chair.
I love to be a cowboy
and ride my horse around the room.
I think of all the things I have,
I like my pockets best.
I like saying, spring has sprung.
I like the way it sounds.
Accursed from their birth they be
Who seek to find monogamy,
Parents sure have lots of rules,
things to do and not do.
I'm not afraid of thunder storms.
I've figured it out, you see.
Today I found some scissors
by my Mommy's sewing chair.
My heart leaps up when I behold
A rainbow in the sky;
My brother's in a wheelchair
and he can't jump or run
On the unbreathing sides of hills
they play, a specklike girl and boy,
I know our tongues have jobs to do,
licking lips or tasting food.
Thank God for little children,
Bright flowers by earth's wayside,
In Daddy's bedroom down the hall,
there's a special place, The Birthday Wall.
Down inside this grownup
lives the child that used to be.
Out upon the sand-dunes thrive the coarse long grasses;
Herons standing knee-deep in the brackish pool;
For those that never know the light,
The darkness is a sullen thing;
The day the circus came to town,
my favorite was the circus clown
Do ye hear the children weeping, O my brothers,
Ere the sorrow comes with years?
There's a lighthouse on an island
built on boulders in the sea.
I dreamed I grew a money tree
outside in my yard.
Today I saw a rainbow
with bright colors in the sky.
Daddy said to Mom and me,
'Good night, I'm going to bed.
Snow was flaking all around
then gently piling on the ground.
O'erwhelming sorrow now demands my song:
From death the overwhelming sorrow sprung.
In the land of Wu the mulberry leaves are green,
And thrice the silkworms have gone to sleep.
Jaya Surya
GOLDEN sun of victory, born
Two children (small), one Four, one Five,
Once saw a bee go in a hive,
Children, if you dare to think
Of the greatness, rareness, muchness
Mommy's sick in bed today.
Doctor says she has the flu.
On a lonely selection far out in the West
An old woman works all the day without rest,
A child should always say what's true
And speak when he is spoken to,
I know sometimes that clouds bring rain,
in wintertime it's snow,
Mommy's getting wrinkles.
Daddy has grey hair.
I like words like 'yes' and 'no'
they mean just what they say.
Christmas, a joyful time of year.
Fun-filled days, lots of holiday cheer.
All you little children gather round.
Let’s sing beautiful Christmas songs.
Oh Christmas tree, Oh Christmas tree.
Lush, green ambiance standing before me.
Snowflakes fall elegantly,
Ice glints glow for all to see.
Merry Christmas to you all,
no matter where the snow shall fall.
One Christmas was so much like another, in those years around the sea-town corner now and out of all sound except the distant speaking of the voices I sometimes hear a moment before sleep, that I can never remember whether it snowed for six days and six nights when I was twelve or whether it snowed for twelve days and twelve nights when I was six.
All the Christmases roll down toward the two-tongued sea, like a cold and headlong moon bundling down the sky that was our street; and they stop at the rim of the ice-edged fish-freezing waves, and I plunge my hands in the snow and bring out whatever I can find. In goes my hand into that wool-white bell-tongued ball of holidays resting at the rim of the carol-singing sea, and out come Mrs. Prothero and the firemen.
So now is come our joyful'st feast,
Let every man be jolly.
Welcome, sweet Christmas, blest be the morn
That Christ our Saviour was born!
Chorus.
What sweeter music can we bring,
GOOD fellows are laughing and drinking
(To-night no heart should grieve),
Early on Christmas Day,
Love, as awake I lay,
South of the Line, inland from far Durban,
A mouldering soldier lies--your countryman.
In presence of the multitude,
I have shown barring no gift,
IT was the calm and silent night!
Seven hundred years and fifty-three
’T IS Christmas, and the North wind blows; ’t was two years yesterday
Since from the Lusitania’s bows I looked o’er Table Bay,
A Christmas tree! A Christmas tree!
With dark green needled memories
This Christmas
No greater gift
God had a plan for Christmas
A plan that could not fail
Sitting in front of the fire, Auntie Flo's reciting a story,
it's one about her first Christmas as a newly wed,
Almighty Framer of the Skies!
O let our pure devotion rise,
'Twas Christmastide in Germany,
And in the year of 1850,
'Twas the night before christmas.
With a blanket of white.
So, this is Christmas morning...
everyone is here.
When the December comes
When the white snow cover our lands
In the darkness of the winter
in the evening of the day
Christmas is a-comin’ – but
this goose is gettin’ thin…
Are you...........
ready for Christmas? , to decorate the tree,
I -- In Church
Thou whose birth on earth
Sadie slumped in the chair
at her favorite table at Mel's.
But if they'd give us toys and twice the stuff most
parents splurge on the average kid, orphans, I submit, need more than enough;
"I heard the bells on Christmas Day
Their old familiar carols play,
I don't
(normally)
The kings they came from out the south,
All dressed in ermine fine;
What sudden blaze of song
Spreads o'er th' expanse of Heaven?
Christmas is so merry, at this special time of year
Christmas is extraordinary, as long as you are here
Oh sharp diamond, my mother!
I could not count the cost
Alone--with one fair star for company,
The loveliest star among the hosts of night,
When Christmas bells are swinging above the fields of snow,
We hear sweet voices ringing from lands of long ago.
Along the Woodford road there comes a noise
Of wheels, and Mr. Rounding's neat post-chaise
O DAY, the crown and crest of all the year!
Thou comest not to us amid the snows,
Dim dawn behind the tamerisks -- the sky is saffron-yellow --
As the women in the village grind the corn,
Christmas is really
for the children.
Dear, look to the Christmas angel
atop your Christmas tree.
Coloured lights and tinsel.
Hang from almost every branch.
Christmas day arrives.
Stockings are first to be explored.
December twenty-first
we gather at the white Church festooned
christmas list
and christmas wish
How grace this hallowed day?
Shall happy bells, from yonder ancient spire,
Christmas is come and every hearth
Makes room to give him welcome now
Hail the coming holiday,
With a hearty joyous feast,
My goodness, my goodness,
It's Christmas again.
I try not to think about June
In December,
Christmas roses white as milk,
Petals soft, and smooth as silk,
Christmas is coming
We will buy presents galore
Put up a splash of Christmas spirit
Put in a dash of love
Cars and bustle, rush and hustle,
trolley dashing tempers clashing
'Christmas cheer
is not found here,
It seems the theme this yuletide.
As thought up by some folks,
I hung the decorations
and I trimmed the christmas tree.
I count my treasures o'er with care.--
The little toy my darling knew,
'Tis true, of old the unchanging sun
His daily course refused to run,
Hark! the herald Angels sing,
Glory to the new-born King,
The first Nowell the Angel did say
Was to three poor Shepherds in the fields as they lay;
Hark, how all the welkin rings,
"Glory to the King of kings;
From our happy home
Through the world we roam
After dark
Near the South Dakota border,
I heard the bells on Christmas day
Their old familiar carols play,
Dear Mum,
Sitting here I wondered why I won't be home for Christmas
Father calls me William, sister calls me Will,
Mother calls me Willie, but the fellers call me Bill!
Hvo minnes ikke
et vær, han tror, ei himlen mer kan skikke?
May all my enemies go to hell,
Noel, Noel, Noel, Noel.'Tis Christmas weather, and a country house
Receives us: rooms are full: we can but get
Music I love -­ but never strain
Could kindle raptures so divine,
A Christmas tree! A Christmas tree!
With dark green needled memories
In byre and barn the mows are brim with sheaves,
Where stealeth in with phosphorescent tread
Once upon a Christmas Day,
A sense of cheer and  joy  were in the air,
Our Christmas tree, stood straight and tall,
We had it standing in the hall,
They let the children out of school too early.
I left the Christmas shopping till too late.
It was Christmas Day in the trenches
In Spain in Penninsular War,
And wilt thou hear the fevered heart
To Thee in silence cry?
It is the longest night in all the year,
Near on the day when the Lord Christ was born;
There is something about Christmas,
In Santa Claus and twinkling trees,
Take the wise men to the Emperor's palace.
Wash their hands in water.
When Christmas comes the  Christmas heat'll
bring once more the Christmas Beetle
THIS box, mine own sweet darling, thou wilt find
With many a varied sweetmeat's form supplied;
Mr. Smiggs was a gentleman,
And he lived in London town;
The Christmas homes of England!
How far-famed and how dear;
Wrapped was the world in slumber deep,
By seaward valley and cedarn steep,
In the dark and damp of the alley cold,
Lay the Christmas tree that hadn't been sold;
You were never told, Mother, how old Illyawas drunk
That last holiday, for five days and nights
'Glory to God in the highest
And on earth peace good will toward men'
There fared a mother driven forth
Out of an inn to roam;
The greatest gift of God to man is Christ!
The love for creature man that God displayed;
A farmer's wife, both young and gay,
And fresh as op'ning buds of May;
It's mighty lonesome-like and drear.
Above the Wild the moon rides high,
Just once before I die I would
so love to see a lot of smiling faces,
This section is a Christmas tree:
Loaded with pretty toys for you.
Once again it's Christmas Time,
time for us to be,
A holly wreath hung on the door,
Or presents strewn across the floor,
'Tis winter-time as snow-flakes fall;
'Tis Christmas-time for all;
Running towards her pumpkin
At the stroke of midnight
Like a broken Cinderella,
She turns in the jewellery box,
When we first met it was at  a mask dance party
We only dance once
There is a girl and a boy,
Connected only in cyber,
Cinderella was a nice gal
Always did what she was told
Adelaida: A Cuban Cinderella
Written by Ana Monnar
I still believe in Cinderella story.
And I am even worse.
Cinderella!
I need your crummy clothes cleaned.
Cinderella a woman of thoughts
A woman of brave and questioning mind
Cinderella and her dog
sat at home on the old log.
My outstretched arms surpass the point
Of normal, taxing every joint
On the memory of seeing Mary Pickford's 'Cinderella or the Little Glass Slipper' on a children's toy projector one silent film childhood Christmas; the companion piece was a Mickey Mouse short feature; my father was driven to desperation every time he was asked to thread that impossibly small machine (and we asked him a lot) .
to my mother and father for separate beautiful reasons -
Behold the beauteous maiden... ill-fitted to those rags...
And quite often heavy laden... as on and on life drags...
The birthing of articulated expression
will always find its means of entering
[to my Grandmother, with love]
we are the queen of nooks and crannies,
A Prince's Dream
Slender slipper
Cinderella got lost
somewhere in between
Cinderella the beautiful girl
I saw in my dreams
cinderella lied,
she never lost her glass slipper
Cinderella was a good girl who went with the flow;
When the clock struck twelve, she knew she must go,
When the countdown's over
I won't be disappeared
You are the Cinderella and
I want to be the man  to take your hand and help
the clock will chime and you'll
remember what she said.
You always read about it:
the plumber with the twelve children
The clock strikes midnight
and the magic ends:
This week I ran,
I ran from home.
I wish I could be you're Cinderella
I wish I could meet you at a ball and
Am, amalgam!
With the ways of life;
I used to think that beauty is for the roses
I used to think that elegance is for the gazelle
Oh! Cinderella the beautiful girl
Perhaps we are not knowing each other
On the white sheet you lie stretched out,
your hot breath is caressing my cheek softly,
Father met a lovely lady,
She had two daughters one
A lonely child with toil o’ertaxed,
Sits Cinderella by the fire;
She takes in a breath as the roaring sun sets
And watch shadows fade into faint silhouettes
The clock has just struck one.
Have you seen Cinderella tonight?
How my mother treats me, sweeping out the golden straw.
Only can it tilt us and it's us it can when only,
Is Cinderella leading a happy life with her dearest prince still,
hand in hand, heading towards the same destination?
Cinderella means the personality or beauty of a person,
Or things remain unrecognized in real and in version.
My name's not Cinderella,
I don't need to be saved.
If my name was Cinderella
You could be the prince
A light like yours can lead me home.
A body warm inside my arms.
Why looking blue today
What’s the matter with you?
Cinderella, why do you wish to be like anyone else?
Your fine by yourself.
Dreaming
Every night
Her imaginary playmate was a grown-up
In sea-coal satin. The flame-blue glances,
Pretty as a flower. Wild as a rose. Free as
a raven, off into the skies she goes. Dancing
We, the students do feel
That literature is a big deal
I guess you think you know this story.
You don't. The real one's much more gory.
Cinderella in the street
In a ragged gown,
Cinderella was quite a nice girl, at the start
Then her mother passed away, which broke Daddy’s heart
It’s Midnight my love
Its time for me to disappear
She was the Cinderella
waiting for her prince charming,
Pierced the Rays of mighty sun-
To wake her up from slumber.
It's raining out there, would you mind to join me?
Lets play in the rain, we'll laugh and dance till the rain's over.
I’m standing on the stairs in a magnificent hall
Wearing the dress that I bought for the ball
Descend from the foothill and don't you feel the humidity?
Dew drops scattered all over the meadow as pearls.
Amidst a darkened night
lay a dreadful sight,
there was once a girl I knew
Her name was Cinderella
'Oh I so...love to go
to balls! '
The party is over,
the last dance is playing,
Cinderella a great social symbol
Stood for service to fellow humans
The sky is watching
As the night is listening
Every girl has once fell victim
Of the Cinderella Syndrome
i have this disease, it
makes you think there
Cinderella the cute girl
Cinderella the poor girl
Cinderella the dear girl
The fondness of love you gave
Delight you cinderella
The world of joy there we see
There I saw a beautiful girl
In the little street of the town
Cinderella the young one
Her story a tragic one
Once upon a time there was a daughter,
In family of merchant she was in laughter.
So this is love?
Is this what they told me of?
My biggest fear since I was small has
ever been fear of boring nothingness
where are her little helpers
those nice little mice
The vainest girls in forty states
Were Gwendolyn and Gladys Gates;
I am not Cinderella
I am not beautiful in every way
She is my Cinderella                                                  And I am her prince for ever,                                        We were born to be like this                                          Cinderella and the prince,                                           Our hearts got united with the                                        Bond of love and in the kingdom                                       Of love for ever and ever,                                           I can not live away from her and                                      She can not live away from me,                                       Our love is pretty and unique in                                      All of its aspects anytime,                                          Our dreams are the same and our                                       Hearts unite to have a strong love,                                  She is my hope and my life and                                        I am her guy who dwells in her heart, so                              We were born to be pretty lovers and                                  To be together for ever and ever.                                    انها سندريلا                                                            و انا اميرها الى الابد                                                   ولدنا لنكون هكدا                                                      سندريلا و الامير                                                         اتحدت قلوبنا برباط الحب                                                 و في مملكة الحب                                                          لااستطيع العيش بعيدا عنها و                                            لاتستطيع العيش بعيدا عني                                                حبنا رائغ و فريد في                                                    كل اوجهه في اي وقت                                                     احلامنا ذاتها و                                                         تتحد قلوبنا ليكون هناك حبا قويا                                       هي املي و حياني و                                                     و انا الرجل الذي يسكن في قلبها, و لذلك                                فنحن ولدنا لنكون حبيبن و                                               لنكون معا الى ابد الابدين.This bell ring spread a beautiful memories
About a girl who tried to catch a little dream
I spend my days like Cinderella
I want a prince of America
If I was Cinderella would you love me?
Would you pick me up in a gold carriage and dance with me till midnight?
I'm not that Cinderella, ,
I’m not right all the time,
From dusk to dawn,
From town to town,
Don't be afraid of, cinderella
The girl of truth, and nicety
Cinderella the girl
The village grown
Look me over, kid!
I know I’m neat, -
Once some children
Said to Grandmother,
This is one of my poems in my current erotic poem book I am writing to publish later this year. And please it is all based on imagination!
The smell of her strong musky fragrance
I'm a modern Cinderella.
I wish I was more like Twighlight's Bella.
We used to love, we used to dance.
But something happened to make the love vanish.
Gently into the bright future I sway;
Then I met her so fair on my way and
You seemed like a really good catch
until that night at your place
Wrongs to commit them.
Are wrongs to commit. Period!
In the glaring sun on the melting sand
She  marches from near by souk
Once there was a gal named Priscilla,
'Pon wedding, she was called Cinderella.
From dawn till dusk,
from land to land,
I would fade away if you pass me over
You’re making me walk through a broken glass
Do you remember the Ball, Cinderella, do you recall the Ball?
And the prancing, glancing, dancing
There was a letter in the mail,
I dreamed that night about
I want to drink the ocean to come to you
I want to give you the kiss the one you need
Fancy clothes, tiara like a queen
Why can't I come in my jeans?
Spring it is! Bouncy and crisp.
Sunshine, cheerful and sparkling.
The farmhouse lingers, though averse to square
With the new city street it has to wear
in my heart
a river runs
Unlovely city, to which few tourists come
With squinting cameras and alien hats;
There’s a constant rumble
To the pounding beat
1
I understand the boredom of the clerks
Careful Observers may fortel the Hour
(By sure Prognosticks) when to dread a Show'r:
I stand upon a hill and see
A luminous country under me,
Already I am no longer looked at with lechery or love.
My daughters and sons have put me away with marbles and dolls,
Crash, smash a flying bottle
Enters my back yard at full throttle
Beautiful city
Beautiful city, the centre and crater of European confusion,
I have read, in some old, marvellous tale,
Some legend strange and vague,
T-day paper,
Little color bits fuel
What are you able to build with your blocks?
Castles and palaces, temples and docks.
In back streets dark, cold and wet
Forgotten figures in corners slept
City-bus is crawling one zone to another
Someone is recalling somebody silently
On my desk, a set of labels
or a synopsis of leeks,
Once, there was a girl,
She lived in the city.
Night is lively.
Night is stunning
Imprisoned in squalor, like a rat in a cage
A hopeless ignition explodes into rage
Music is like a city
The genres are the suburbs
CITY of orgies, walks and joys!
City whom that I have lived and sung in your midst will one day make
CITY of ships!
(O the black ships! O the fierce ships!
WHO KNOW LONDON
CITY OF  IMMORTAL HISTORY
This new software is great.
I have the power to remove
City
Plastic flowers
Roof-tops, roof-tops, what do you cover?
Sad folk, bad folk, and many a glowing lover;
The gaudy glow of neon lights
dispels the darkness of the nights
In the sky there is nobody asleep. Nobody, nobody.
Nobody is asleep.
The trees along this city street,
Save for the traffic and the trains,
I
As the blind Milton's memory of light,
There's no green nor any blue
No sea nor a hill of hue
COME, here is adieu to the city
And hurrah for the country again.
Like a long arrow through the dark the train is darting,
Bearing me far away, after a perfect day of love's delight:
Faraway city
Castles in the clouds and mist
We have a small sculpture of Henry James on our terrace in New York City.
Nothing would surprise him.
Not in the solitude
Alone may man commune with heaven, or see
Some have told me the city will ruin me
Some said the city is an ugly place
How strange that here is nothing as it was!
The sward is young and new,
LONDON, thou art of townes A per se.
Soveraign of cities, seemliest in sight,
In the city of sorrows
Is where we see so much
Las Vegas, Las Vegas, the city of dreams,
The city of triumph and utter disaster.
White King City I left at dawn
in the morning-glow of the clouds;
You are my city
the gaudy glow of neon light
You are my city
The gaudy glow of neon light
The sluggish clouds hang low upon the town,
And from yon lamp in chilled and sodden rays
SEE how the speckled sky burns like a pigeon's throat,
Jewelled with embers of opal and peridote.
O CITY, look the Eastward way!
Beyond thy roofs of shadowy red and grey
We couldn’t believe what we were hearing
It just couldn’t be true we thought
The white woman across the aisle from me says 'Look,
look at all the history, that house
ONCE I pass'd through a populous city, imprinting my brain, for
future use, with its shows, architecture, customs, and
. . .telling those who swarm around him his desire
is that an appendage from each of them
Too old to carry arms and fight like the others -
they graciously gave me the inferior role of chronicler
I once walked by the saddest city lane
And saw an old man there, all ragged and plain.
There's a lobby by my study where my visitors may enter
which, since we got the kittens, has a dirtbox at the centre.
Down at suicide city,
Null of pride and past all pity.
To live between terms, to live where death
has his loud picture in the subway ride,
WHO remains in London,
In the streets with me,
Across the bridge, where in the morning blow
The wrinkled tide turns homeward, and is fain
My window shews the travelling clouds,
Leaves spent, new seasons, alter'd sky,
Beautiful Ancient City of Perth,
One of the grandest on the earth,
A sad tale of the sea I will relate, which will your hearts appal
Concerning the burning of the steamship "City of Montreal,"
I
To none the city bends a servile knee;
Beside the pounding cataracts
Of midnight streams unknown to us
It was pleasant up the country, City Bushman, where you went,
For you sought the greener patches and you travelled like a gent;
BY the City Dead-House, by the gate,
As idly sauntering, wending my way from the clangor,
Lo! Death has reared himself a throne
In a strange city lying alone
And when, in the city in which I love you,
even my most excellent song goes unanswered,
God sits up in Heaven and laughs as the nations imagine a vain thing,
For the internationalism of Jerusalem, is the song they seem to sing.
Per me si va nella citta dolente.
--Dante
The stranger came from Narromine and made his little joke--
"They say we folks in Narromine are narrow-minded folk.
Would you like to see a city given over,
Soul and body, to a tyrannising game?
Over the edge of the purple down,
Where the single lamplight gleams,
Yesterday I drew myself from the noisome throngs and proceeded into the field until I reached a knoll upon which Nature had spread her comely garments. Now I could breathe.
I looked back, and the city appeared with its magnificent mosques and stately residences veiled by the smoke of the shops.
What shall we do, my soul, to please the King?
Seeing he hath no pleasure in the dance,
Cruising these residential Sunday
streets in dry August sunlight:
When, sick of all the sorrow and distress
That flourished in the City like foul weeds,
You said, "I will go to another land, I will go to another sea.
Another city will be found, a better one than this.
Climbing the heights of Berkeley
Nightly I watch the West.
DARK to me is the earth. Dark to me are the heavens.
Where is she that I loved, the woman with eyes like stars?
I know a girl from Cebu City
I have never met her but I know of her
Over the darkened city, the city of towers,
The city of a thousand gates,
A BROADSIDE DISTRIBUTED IN SPRINGFIELD, ILLINOIS
Censers are swinging,
I will not toy with it nor bend an inch.
Deep in the secret chambers of my heart
You can rock to Elvis Presley,
You can Jam to ZZ top, you can bop
This city
Is vastly plagued with loneliness.
To one who has been long in city pent,
'Tis very sweet to look into the fair
The Cities are full of pride,
Challenging each to each --
London, thou art of town{.e}s A per se.
Soveraign of cities, semeliest in sight,
New York City Central Park
on the ice skating rink
Had I but plenty of money, money enough and to spare,
The house for me, no doubt, were a house in the city-square;
Could I walk this city
every day
Light drunkenly reels into shadow;
Blurs, slurs uneasily;
The tired cars go grumbling by,
The moaning, groaning cars,
Captain, or colonel, or knight in arms,
Whose chance on these defenceless doors may seize,
The snow is yellow
round the doorway to the pub;
I am really shocked to behold the pink city
Blood when flows near by  the green field
Harichandran had to leave
Ayodhya, once he gave
Sathyakeerthi brought fruits
Which they all ate,
Kasi was a well known city,
Noted for its culture and beauty.
Globalization.................................... ..............Flowers are the smiles of plants and trees
Like the morning Sunshine creates brightness!
When a snowman winks his eyes of coal,
And from their windows children know...
Best knowledge,
Thoughts, words and deeds
Any culture that teaches tolerance is great
Their back ground and heritage may clearly state
Just economy, science and technology can't make society progress;
Knowledge of economy and technology can't make education complete
You are 20 miles away from wisdom and,
I am 60 miles awy from you with the facts of life;
They were indeed simple people
the people of the east
O you were once wild and beautiful
When summer's rays reclined in your hair
Modern gadgets are eating away vitals of health;
Many have become victims of video games long!
A mystic's vision is
enlarged by Asian wisdom
Humans don't like terrorism, violence and war, but only peace;
Peace needs to be promoted by the efforts of people of all creeds;
Tuesday evening, January 15,2019 at 9: 10 p.m.
"Your silence will not protect you."
It unites people,
Creates friendships
Pictures,
Structures,
Art and culture,
Going my own way;
Hear the steak sizzle
And the beer fizzle,
Enticing sounds luring my mind down avenues of another
culture, seeing fascinating colors and festivities
Basic culture
What type of empowerment?
Crying inside
But smiling outside is
A singer of heart
Of love and joy
The earth has been shaped and forged
For over 4.5 billion years, there is no hurry
~ Cell ~ Soul ~ Culture ~ [1+26 words poetry]
Ms. Nivedita
Best way of living is called culture varying from place to place;
Based on experience knowledge of better living helps a way
Tip-top! Club culture!
Ball and pub culture, hip-hop!
Take a risk
Assess the right and the wrong of it
Culture based on listless lackeys tries
exploiting basic instincts, fails to thrive.
I ask,
What culture do we have?
At this beautiful morning now,
We are cultivating culture of light,
Five nights agone I lay at rest
On my suburban couch.
Lease,
Release!
Living,
The culture and the style of the people over here are very different;
Walking across the land;
Dancing and drumming,
We’re all lashed
to Cultural Helms
India has its culture
Displayed in customs & traditions
Culture of India varies from states to states,
the culture  may be dance, music, religion.
they
told me that walking to the shop was best
Sandwiched between feelings and emotions are rhythms
of our lives, regulating what we do and how we react
What is culture?
Culture is refinement and polish,
If we put closure to culture
Then in isolated torture
★ Culture
☆ by Ralph Waldo Emerson
what inflicts itself
on groups or people when in-
Education is good, learning is great
One day everyone will have
Can rules or tutors educate
The semigod whom we await?
I know its summer,
But all i can think is fall.
After an absence of...
four years intensely immersed;
Tibetan monasteries falling in ruin, weathered,
beaten down by the Chinese, to provoke a life
English culture is English,
Typically British, American,
Krishna dancers, singing to a steady, low beat with a lively
spirit, showing the beauty that is of India.
look
like click
Tuscan folk verses were such emotional
Inspired and made the folks anyway quite active
A global culture is closing up on us,
But with lustful minds to kill mankind;
Help yourself to the sun
There’s a bite taken out of it already
Culture’s growth in leaps and bounds,
Must bring it out of its own cage or shell,
Gun culture
Life is moving very fast
Interest born of curiosity kindles love of all subjects
To have deep knowledge to know whole and ultimate truth;
Let us come together,
Let us work together,
Humanity and culture
Yes, father wants someone to take care
Holiday mood in West and festival mood in East
Begin with the last phase of August till September!
In a certain culture,
People do eat and drink blood;
Indian culture is the best like gold.
India  hath  need of  cultured men.
Indian thought and culture and tradition,
Try I to charter their course
We must all stay aware…..,
Of the Insane Culture Of Mass-Murder….,
To lay blame on another,
Is part of the culture.
It is in the culture.
Fed to accept,
summer kiwi wine festival season
chasing fans on Classic Hits Winery Tour
When I have returned to dust,
recall me, but not the genuine me;
I am the cradle of all civilizations
In my veins I run
Migrated Culture
In me there is something like blood
Modern Indian English poetry represents it not
India,
Greeds for power have built some ancient towers
Located at different territories called main centers,
More POP is the culture.
Given more significance to it meant.
Inherent of heredity as heritage
like ants gathering in heap
It’s wonderful to watch the performance
As Native American’s show us all
Let us not become bigotry
That shall pain with past history
Is it modern culture to
Unclothe and denude?
We are all just
Just here looking all around
Peeps peep on pop and culture.
People peep on pop and culture.
construction workers
across the street
We must be aware…..,
Of the Culture Of Racism….,
A fascinating idea in terms of humanity I try to define,
Either by Scriptural songs or scientific forms in rhyme,
A fascinating idea
if defines divinity in terms of humanity,
Living in clusters begot societies,
Which bred cultures which in turn bred ethics.
Have no doubt
When we talk about
Himalayan mountains the snow ranges
In heights stands there in pride
Open your naive eyes…..,
To the Culture Of Stupidity….,
Violence has become the common feature of stories
And movies to thrill the audience with actions..!
We proud of our nation and our culture
we proud we have great history
The Indian culture is very sound,
it is based upon the family background.
Underage minors take care
To brush your teeth and comb you hair
useless exuberance is dead
it died in the winter of America
The celebration is on
For simple man
Many guests filling home with talk and Tibetan
culture.
Tradition & culture- Moroccan way
Thursday,14th May 2020
Install any dishonest man
To look after and protect the humans
All the time, such a temperament
Cannot take us far away
What have I understood
And they taught me not too,
When we lose our culture
We lose our identityGreen was culture, Green were you.
After a revolt, after a red,
One Two Three Four
One Two Three Four
You walk up to me
those blue oceans of yours twinkling
Could I ask you to dance, madam?
Let’s go to dance to this music.
a dance?
a candle flame
All work is over at the farm
And men and maids are ripe for glee;
I dance alone in the shadows
My feet barely touching the ground
I'm sitting here at home
trying to write a simple poem
Autumn.
Fall.
Dance!
Dance!
At first I thought she waltzed,
but then I saw the error of
But in the Wine-presses the human grapes sing not nor dance:
They howl and writhe in shoals of torment, in fierce flames consuming,
amber light
falling sand
Come dance with me and find release,
howl to the moon, with wild wolves run,
A little ray of hope across a midnight sky
A time for all time, a light to shine
Nearly reached your hand this time;
I know if you’re there,
Dance for Nataraja before you,
Dance for the Gods around you,
Words can fail like magnets not sticking to the fridge
and we all complain when the rent is due again.
Dance, dance and dance
Dance at once
Dance in the moon light with,
All the stars in sight
As I drove 'cross town today
To get my Holiday shopping under way
Dance, Dance  Dance
everywhere,
Dance, Dance
To the music
Dance through life
Dance through time
Dance, dance
Thursday,28th February 2019
Are you angry
so you are now hermit
For the Marriage in Cana of Galilee
Dark-eyed,
The clouds are a skimming
Over the tops of the trees.
Where are the dames I used to know
In Dawson in the days of yore?
Though the times be rough
No need to complain
Dance me to your beauty with a burning violin
Dance me through the panic 'til I'm gathered safely in
dance, my little puppets
dance for me
Sometimes we do the rumba,
a foxtrot or a jive,
With tender looks
you fall into one another’s arms
did you leave me here alone
to face this world of emptiness
Is the Dance Of Romance….,
Sometimes you’re not sure….,
dance dance dance
it's time for
I'm thinking hard,
But my mind should be empty.
I'll dance all night
I'll dance the pain away
-
Dance, I said to the boy in the glass
Im Starting to live my life,
Im dancing my crazy dance!
Dance unto the light,
Sway to the sounds of time,
Holding the strings of vibes
We move to dance of life
Dance with me
Beauty angel
Dance with me
Through the rest of my years
Dance with me
Take my hand  pull me close
Did she ever dance the tango
On those clear and cloudless nights?
Can you feel it?  Can you sense it?
You know the rhythm
I have been touched
By Loves hand
As the sun sinks upon the horizon,
As the dark night creeps in,
Like an infant in the cradle
I rocked in his arms and penned this fable
1. My Criterion For Success
You say you find merit in a theory that is based
our thoughts are the blooms
and the wind our admirers
As in the desert,
A sand blows,
Long ago a prophet appeared,
A Piute Medicine Chief known as Wovoka.
autumn dance
a leaf drops,   spirals,
My April dance dance
spring is coming young again
I don't remember a witch
...but there was a black cat,
326
I cannot dance upon my Toes—
I’d dance in the morning
When the world has begun
Life is a dance which leads each one of us to the ultimate truth-Death. Here I am traveling towards my coffin, not walking but dancing. Without music, without obliged to any defined rhythm, I am inching towards it, towards my coffin. Throughout my dancing once again I am watching everything...
I am dancing without music
How does it feel to be?
On the floor with all eyes on you?
ill dance 4 luv
ill dance 4 pain
To live life as it is unfolding
under my nose
gotta big johnson
gotta big johnson
Life is every where
Life
...Deep in the after glow...
We swayed in the mid-night mist...
Any boy can dance
even for girls harbouring
But in the Wine-presses the human grapes sing not nor dance:
They howl and writhe in shoals of torment, in fierce flames consuming,
HER EYES WERE VACANT,
HER MIND BARREN, HER
The phone rang after 2: 00 am.
Taking the steps in pairs
The shell of objects inwardly consumed
Will stand, till some convulsive wind awakes;
Men with picked voices chant the names
of cities in a huge gallery: promises
Poets Dance in the heart of rhythms
Discussion spoken in the pen
THE INDIFFERENT.
COME to the dance with me, come with me, fair one!
Looked forward to the Saturday Night dance
We did, all dressed up to 'shine',
This poem was written by a terminally
ill young girl in a New York Hospital.
Have you ever watched kids
On a merry-go-round?
Pillowy powder
Falls from the sky,
Today was perfect...
allegro
Dance little baby, dance up high,
Never mind baby, mother is by;
Take a dance with me
Up the old banana tree
TO Jenny came a gentle youth
From inland leazes lone;
THE warder looks down at the mid hour of night,
On the tombs that lie scatter'd below:
See how, like lightest waves at play, the airy dancers fleet;
And scarcely feels the floor the wings of those harmonious feet.
Take the name of the swain, a forlorn witless elf
Who was chang'd to a flow'r for admiring himself.
Andre fell in love with her beauty,
her royal elegant appearance.
In Breughel's great picture, The Kermess,
the dancers go round, they go round and
What do you think I saw to-day when I arose at dawn?
Blue Wrens and Yellow-tails dancing on the lawn!
Decades faded
Remembering
You have no dance item to do
Barring this lungi dance,
A chant to which it is intended a group of children shall dance and improvise pantomime led by their dancing-teacher.
A master deep-eyed
Strike the gay harp! see the moon is on high,
And, as true to her beam as the tides of the ocean,
In twilight days of half meals
We gathered weapons in, anger
(A Poem Game.)
I
We are Americans went nuke in 41
We are Americans we have the biggest gun
You are growing old,
And your mind is aging too.
Will you dance with me again?
Like we danced beneath the stars
Dancing out of rhyme and reason.
Lacking rhythm with a pace too aged,
You think you can
Dance
What if tomorrow doesn’t come?
Where then shall you go?
Those words, life in peace,
A compass in the storm,
shot in the eye
shot in the brain
night is a un explained song,
when my dreams let me
The poppies bow in honour of the fallen,
Swaying in the breeze, in fear of time,
Ah, yesterday was dark and drear,
My heart was deadly sore;
It's dark outside
But I see the light
Think not, because I wonder where you fled,
That I would lift a pin to see you there;
BEHOLD, as goblins dark of mien
And portly tyrants dyed with crime
Some men, some men
Cannot pass a
I.
My first thought was, he lied in every word,
Come and play with me it whispers,
Its child like fingers clutching our own,
Your belongings are meager
As you wander loveless streets,
As far as I remembered,
We were friends since forever,
skimming stones,
into a dirty english sea,
I see you now,
and it makes me cry in my heart,
thick dark Crows circling to land.
at dusk with brown leaves swirling-
Uneasy darkness envelopes me.
Blinding moments
O dark, dark, dark, amid the blaze of noon,
Irrecoverably dark, total eclipse
In my haunting dark, dark dream of scare
Into the depths where none dare
Dark girl so filled with strife
Dark Dark girl she'll take your life
Dark dark moon
Dark dark moon
I'm blinded
When I scream
One day,
Dogs will laugh
Sweet maiden, why disguise
The beauty of your eyes
Welcome to my haunted house
Dare to see the dark in me
Dark is dark, let it be,
Dark is dark, let it be,
The dark moon is rising
No silver left to see
Dark, more dark,
See the days here.
For I have seen dark mountains in the sky,
More Himalayan to the naked eye,
In a dark night, when the light
burning was the burning of love (fortuitous
Dying Romantic says:
I walk these streets all alone,
Dark is a shade of my heart.
When I close my eyes I see a ray of light in dark.
This poem bleeds dysfunctional desire,
Blood stains through the dirty streets
O MY Dark Rosaleen,
Do not sigh, do not weep!
indulge my observation
while fusion warms the days
A poor chap is digging trenches
in the frontier beneath the Sungod.
My mother
Foresaw deaths
Urgency of frantic desire
Requires witchcraft
Beware ye
The violent tempests of the heart
Said I to Pain: "You would not dare
Do ill to me."
Birds have no consciousness of doom:
Yon thrush that serenades me daily
This wood burns a dark
Incense. Pale moss drips
GOD with His million cares
Went to the left or right,
We shall not always plant while others reap
The golden increment of bursting fruit,
I want to sleep the dream of the apples,
to withdraw from the tumult of cemetries.
jazz club
three african men talk about
I see thee better—in the Dark—
I do not need a Light—
I wake and feel the fell of dark, not day,
What hours, O what black hours we have spent
In a dark time, the eye begins to see,
I meet my shadow in the deepening shade;
I felt her smile like the rays of the sun
approaching me I almost felt she would run
IN THE DARK MIRROR
in the dark mirror
In the dark pine-wood
I would we lay,
I am living in the darkness
I feel so scared
Here in my bedroom deprived of all light
My senses reach out to the blackness of night
From the shadows his hand took a hold of my wrist,
I panicked and struggled to escape his tight grip,
My soul is dark - Oh! quickly string
The harp I yet can brook to hear;
10
My wheel is in the dark!
Not quite dark yet
and the stars shining
Th'imprison'd winds slumber within their caves
Fast bound: the fickle vane, emblem of change,
But may a Rural Pen try to set forth
Such a Great Fathers Ancient Grace and worth
1
Senlin sits before us, and we see him.
The lights are silenced....,
The shades are drawn...,
I am sitting here in the dark
I am thinking of all the pain
If those dark eyes have gazed on me,
Unconscious of their power—
That dark Dweller in Braj
Is my only refuge.
The bird with the dark plumes in my blood,
That never for one moment however I patched my truces
Im lost in my own dark little world,
it has four walls,
The dark cloud.
It sits around your head
There is an orb that mocked the lore of sages
Long time with mystery of strange unrest;
A three-day-long rain from the east--
an terminable talking, talking
Dark is the forest and deep, and overhead
Hang stars like seeds of light
Who was there had seen us
Wouldn't bid him run?
Dark hills at evening in the west,
Where sunset hovers like a sound
And now, when merry winds do blow,
And rain makes trees look fresh,
Where a faint light shines alone,
Dwells a Demon I have known.
Dusk in the rain-soaked garden,
And dark the house within.
I am a boy with mix emotion
I have no friends
Thick overhead
clouds of the monsoon,
Everything looks different in the dark
Sometimes I imagine that things that are standing still are moving
The dark is here
I like the dark
in a village
soldiers have hunted,
1       A startled stag, the blue-grey Night,
2           Leaps down beyond black pines.
They see you as they see you,
A poor farmer with no name,
There is a dark cloud over my head
With every move i make, every step i take
Through the Dark Sod—as Education—
The Lily passes sure—
you are the one
i am lit for.
Traveling through the dark I found a deer
dead on the edge of the Wilson River road.
Under her dark veil she wrung her hands.
"Why are you so pale today?"
We grow accustomed to the Dark -
When light is put away -
When the dark comes down, oh, the wind is on the sea
With lisping laugh and whimper to the red reef's threnody,
Wings of dark evenly spread,
Flatter slowly around my head.
o
Huge vapours brood above the clifted shore,
solitude stands in the bar door
the place i go to find her
As his mind weaves
A spiderweb on the wall
As the girdle of time
digs sharply into my flesh
Driving on the nights highway
Deep into the dark night that swells
The abyss yawns and beckons....
Its so easy to dropp in
Why is tonight such a dark night
What is it trying to hide?
A deep dark night
Clutching like a parasite
Suspended by his wrath
A mind that is fraught
She'll love you 'til her dying day,
and just to prove it
A tattered coolie who was born in a leap year that comes home after a strenuous day's work?
He loves his coquetry daughter.
Although she is moving out
She'll never be far away
A fool I was to sleep at noon,
And wake when night is chilly
(Dedicated to Bww and his 7 yr. Old daughter)
A daughter is beauty at its finest.
Frail the white rose and frail are
Her hands that gave
Your late kind Gift let me restore;
For I must never wear it more.
Having a new friend in our
land,
This is so beautiful-whether your MOM is with you or not.
Your Mother is always with you.
At 15, taking a stroll with my mother
On a cool summer night after dinner,
Is she not lovely!  Oh! when, long ago,
My own dead mother gazed upon my face,
i hear the name
and my world revolves
Thou's welcome, wean; mishanter fa' me,
If thoughts o' thee, or yet thy mammie,
ONCE more the storm is howling, and half hid
Under this cradle-hood and coverlid
this dream is beginning in the street when at night
carefully I am looking at the more and more dark sky
That evening jogging on the beach with my friends
miles and miles away from home i was alone
It was Earl Haldan's daughter,
She looked across the sea;
There was such speed in her little body,
And such lightness in her footfall,
Too soon you wearied of our tears.
And then you danced with spangled feet,
Daughter of Africa
You are walking now
She was seven feet tall,
with a seventeen shoe.
Pair of warmest, shiny, amber eyes.
See through deceit and alluring lies.
God created daughter,
With special love and care.
Why is the world at peace.
This may astonish you a little but when you realise how
and some other father at the club
says, has she flown the nest yet?
For the love of daughter
That I cherish as a father
DAUGHTER
A POEM BY DR. RAM SHARMA
With a convulsed help me,
she collapsed to the floor
Do it as daddy says,
Do that even without ask,
Father and daughter spend some quiet time together in the living room
Shining through the curtain is the sun
I never thought I'd live
One day to see my daughter be
My daughter said something the other day
We were sitting on the front steps, talking
A woman weaves
her daughter's wedding
When I die choose a star
and name it after me
Looking into my daughter’s eyes I read
Beneath the innocence of morning flesh
It has been ordained
and inscription etched
Gigantic daughter of the West,
We drink to thee across the flood,
How I loved you the day you were born
How I loved you growing into a beautiful woman
i looked into my daughters eyes
love and affection i could not hide.
Shall I woo the one or other?
Both attract me--more's the pity!
I want no more
Nothing
If a daughter you have, she's the plague of your life,
No peace shall you know, tho' you've buried your wife,
Since our Country, our God -- Oh, my Sire!
Demand that thy Daughter expire;
A tar, but poorly prized,
Long, shambling, and unsightly,
Like mother, like
daughter...
A chieftain, to the Highlands bound,
Cries, ``Boatman, do not tarry!
A DAUGHTER IS  SPECIAL
A DAUGHTER IS DEAR
Linda, you are leaving
your old body now,
Mother and daughter,
Are very close,
I
Young laughters, and my music! Aye till now
Among the daisies
sat the child,
The place was buzzing, the scene was set,
People were pouring in, everything was perfect,
A naked girl in the bath
Suds floating, eyes shining
My daughter’s new daughter
How precious and sweet
A treasure and blessings for us from our God
to have you as a  wonderful and sweet daughter
my sunshine,
came to me
Little thought itself disturbs the mind
Thoughts of leaving dear ones or something of that kind
This picture does the story express
Of Moses in the bulrushes.
Here lies, to each her parents' ruth,
Mary, the daughter of their youth;
See, in the Temple rais'd by Harley's Hand,
His beauteous Off--spring at the Altar stand:
Who will wed the Dowager’s youngest daughter,
The Captain? filled with ale?
Four-and-twenty bonny boys
Were playing at the ba,
To the Lady Margaret Ley
Daughter to that good Earl, once President
You are the daughter of the sea, oregano's first cousin.
Swimmer, your body is pure as the water;
You always bring me that special joy
That comes from deep inside
Written in Illustration of a Tableau Vivant
Is she not lovely! Oh! when, long ago,
My daughter is God's gift to me,
Her father in the Lord.
Part the First
Itt was a blind beggar, had long lost his sight,
In the taxi alone, home from the airport,
I could not believe you were gone. My palm kept
Nature, when she made thee, dear,
Begged the treasures of the year.
I
He who has looked upon Earth
O thou, the wonder of all days!
O paragon, and pearl of praise!
Seven stars in the still water,
And seven in the sky;
The Farmer quit what he was at,
The bee-hive he was smokin':
I met her on the Lachlan Side --
A darling girl I thought her,
The dusky warriors stood in groups around the funeral pyre,
The scowl upon their knotted brows betrayed their vengeful ire.
The rain rins doun through Mirry-land toune,
Sae dois it doune the Pa:
WE WERE ten maidens in the green corn,
Small red leaves in the mill-water:
There was a shepherds daughter
Came tripping on the waye,
I.
IN old Shuil Donald's cottage there are many voices weeping,
Es heult der Sturm, die Nacht ist graus,
Die Lampe schimmert im Müllerhaus.
It is the miller's daughter,
And she is grown so dear, so dear,
SHE is yet a child in years,
Twelve springs are on her face,
King’s daughter sitting in tower so high,
Fair summer is on many a shield.
Could the creatures help or ease us
Seldom should we think of prayer;
It was the pleasant harvest time,
When cellar-bins are closely stowed,
In Gerald's Cottage by the hill,
Old Gerald and his child,
Yes, we get blasé and dismissive on this site –
reading in the reams of Poemhunter posts
All night long the hockey pictures
gaze down at you
When you were born it was an instant love affair
I rocked you, swaddled you, sang to you,
O little one, daughter, my dearest,
With your smiles and your beautiful curls,
My child! thou seest me content to lead
A lonely life. Do thou, in imitation,
WHILE deep you mourn beneath the cypress-shade
The hand of Death, and your dear daughter
Bles't bee thy Name, who did'st restore
To health my Daughter dear
She’s a joy she’s an angel’ well that’s what she thinks
She clings on to your heart like a plug to a sink
She turns 11 tomorrow.
and she says to me:
The moment you were born, you announced
Your arrival in our family, screaming out loud
Audacious smiles
laughter ringing clear-
A little soul scarce fledged for earth
Takes wing with heaven again for goal
Kneel down, fair Love, and fill thyself with tears,
Girdle thyself with sighing for a girth
After that hot gospeller has levelled all but the churched sky,
I wrote the tale by tallow of a city's death by fire;
1918
This is the State above the Law.
816
A Death blow is a Life blow to Some
"O day! he cannot die
When thou so fair art shining!
I DREAMED that one had died in a strange place
Near no accustomed hand,
Through airy roads he wings his instant flight
To purer regions of celestial light;
Lured by the wall, and drawn
To stare below the roof,
The dark wings of night enfolded the city upon which Nature had spread a pure white garment of snow; and men deserted the streets for their houses in search of warmth, while the north wind probed in contemplation of laying waste the gardens. There in the suburb stood an old hut heavily laden with snow and on the verge of falling. In a dark recess of that hovel was a poor bed in which a dying youth was lying, staring at the dim light of his oil lamp, made to flicker by the entering winds. He a man in the spring of life who foresaw fully that the peaceful hour of freeing himself from the clutches of life was fast nearing. He was awaiting Death's visit gratefully, and upon his pale face appeared the dawn of hope; and on his lops a sorrowful smile; and in his eyes forgiveness.
He was poet perishing from hunger in the city of living rich. He was placed in the earthly world to enliven the heart of man with his beautiful and profound sayings. He as noble soul, sent by the Goddess of Understanding to soothe and make gentle the human spirit. But alas! He gladly bade the cold earth farewell without receiving a smile from its strange occupants.
Never until the mankind making
Bird beast and flower
"His Grace! impossible! what, dead!
Of old age too, and in his bed!
IF God compel thee to this destiny,
To die alone, with none beside thy bed
860
Absence disembodies—so does Death
Now while my lips are living
Their words must stay unsaid,
749
All but Death, can be Adjusted—
Good people all, of every sort,
Give ear unto my song;
A poet is born
A poet dies
I KNOW that I shall meet my fate
Somewhere among the clouds above;
And death shall have no dominion.
Dead man naked they shall be one
WEEP, maiden, weep here o'er the tomb of Love;
He died of nothing--by mere chance was slain.
AS at thy portals also death,
Entering thy sovereign, dim, illimitable grounds,
Because I could not stop for Death-
He kindly stopped for me-
645
Bereavement in their death to feel
When I die
I don't care what happens to my body
There’s a mirror likeness between those two
shining, youthfully-fledged figures, though
Death be not proud, though some have called thee
Mighty and dreadfull, for, thou art not soe,
I see the death everyday
Death in relations
Black milk of daybreak we drink it at sundown
we drink it at noon in the morning we drink it at night
976
Death is a Dialogue between
I.
Death is here and death is there,
Death is nothing at all.
I have only slipped away to the next room.
548
Death is potential to that Man
Death leaves Us homesick, who behind,
Except that it is gone
Yet at the last, ere our spearmen had found him,
Yet at the last, ere a sword-thrust could save,
I opened wide the bath-room door,
And all at once switched on the light,
Laid now on his smooth bed
For the last time, watching dully
Going to sleep, I cross my hands on my chest.
They will place my hands like this.
Our death is in the cool of night,
our life is in the pool of day.
Death is a road our dearest friends have gone;
Why with such leaders, fear to say, "Lead on?"
Come thou, thou last one, whom I recognize,
unbearable pain throughout this body's fabric:
It is not death, that sometime in a sigh
This eloquent breath shall take its speechless flight;
NOR dread nor hope attend
A dying animal;
Death sets a thing significant
The eye had hurried by,
DEATH is stronger than all the governments because
the governments are men and men die and then
Death stands above me, whispering low
I know not what into my ear:
Death! that struck when I was most confiding
In my certain faith of joy to be -
The glories of our blood and state
Are shadows, not substantial things;
death wants more death, and its webs are full:
I remember my father's garage, how child-like
Then Almitra spoke, saying, "We would ask now of Death."
And he said:
Don't fear death in earthly travels.
Don't fear enemies or friends.
.  When first, descending from the moorlands,
I saw the Stream of Yarrow glide
Hey Father Death, I'm flying home
Hey poor man, you're all alone
In the cold, cold parlor
my mother laid out Arthur
382
For Death—or rather
Every year without knowing it I have passed the day
When the last fires will wave to me
Black milk of daybreak we drink it at nightfall
we drink it at noon in the morning we drink it at night
I want to sleep the dream of the apples,
to withdraw from the tumult of cemetries.
Weep not, weep not,
She is not dead;
'TWAS a death-bed summons, and forth I went
By the way of the Western Wall, so drear
Death, be not proud, though some have callèd thee
Mighty and dreadful, for thou art not so;
Longing for Death
Into the bosom of the earth,
I have a rendezvous with Death
At some disputed barricade,
Perhaps if Death is kind, and there can be returning,
We will come back to earth some fragrant night,
I wage not any feud with Death
For changes wrought on form and face;
Let me die a youngman's death
not a clean and inbetween
it sits outside my window now
like and old woman going to market;
Shall we, too, rise forgetful from our sleep,
And shall my soul that lies within your hand
There are cemeteries that are lonely,
graves full of bones that do not make a sound,
O Death, O Death, rock me asleep,
Bring me to quiet rest;
'Twas on a lofty vase's side,
Where China's gayest art had dy'd
Tell me thou safest End of all our Woe,
Why wreched Mortals do avoid thee so:
The pale, the cold, and the moony smile
Which the meteor beam of a starless night
We lack all knowledge of this parting. Death
does not deal with us. We have no reason
WHO taught thee conflict with the pow'rs of night,
To vanquish satan in the fields of light?
FROM dark abodes to fair etherial light
Th' enraptur'd innocent has wing'd her flight;
THERE 's little joy in life for me,
And little terror in the grave ;
THROUGH thickest glooms look back, immortal
shade,
We shall not ever meet them bearded in heaven
Nor sunning themselves among the bald of hell;
No more the flow'ry scenes of pleasure rife,
Nor charming prospects greet the mental eyes,
CONDEMN'D to Hope's delusive mine,
As on we toil from day to day,
HAIL, happy saint, on thine immortal throne,
Possest of glory, life, and bliss unknown;
(Español)
Mueran contigo, Laura, pues moriste,
Ere yet the morn its lovely blushes spread,
See Sewell number'd with the happy dead.
To be absent from the body
Is to be present with the Lord
Tired with all these, for restful death I cry,
As to behold desert a beggar born,
Part One - The Calling
Let me sleep, for my soul is intoxicated with love and
THE warder looks down at the mid hour of night,
On the tombs that lie scatter'd below:
When Peter Wanderwide was young
He wandered everywhere he would:
He drowsed and was aware of silence heaped
Round him, unshaken as the steadfast walls;
When reeds are dead and a straw to thatch the marshes,
And feathered pampas-grass rides into the wind
They put a leather belt around her
13 feet of tape and bound her
He's had the chest pains for weeks,
but doctors don't make house
From my mother's sleep I fell into the State,
And I hunched in its belly till my wet fur froze.
The melancholy days are come, the saddest of the year,
Of wailing winds, and naked woods, and meadows brown and sere.
Mary sat musing on the lamp-flame at the table
Waiting for Warren. When she heard his step,
I woke in a place that was dark
The air was spicy and still
GRIM monarch! see, depriv'd of vital breath,
A young physician in the dust of death:
WHILE deep you mourn beneath the cypress-shade
The hand of Death, and your dear daughter
WHISPERS of heavenly death, murmur'd I hear;
Labial gossip of night--sibilant chorals;
Stab me with your rusty knives
I don't care
Trapped in this field of sonic agression
Unable to distinquish rhythm from rhyme
A POEM OF FRUSTRATION, RAGE, BITTERNESS, RESENTMENT, DISAPPOINTMENT, ENVY, SADNESS, SICKNESS, DEPRESSION, FEAR
A poem of frustration, rage, bitterness, resentment, disappointment, envy, sadness, sickness, despair, depression, fear-
I am a slave
To depression
Speak out my dear
Why hath thou in a state of depression?
Oh my God the pain
of desperation
Many ask, if I'm high,
Many ask, if I'm low,
D EATH
E MPTINESS
Depression is being lonely in a room full of people
Depression is being constantly tired but never able to sleep
I remember as a child I had a deep seeded fear of heights
I would envision my demise long prior to even a possible fall
Staring at the walls...at the pictures that hang there
each photo...of it all
Depression is a fight
Depression is a flight
Depression results
When ideas are supressed
A wind blows across your face, leaving a itch on your nose.
You reach up to scratch it, but your arm doesn't move.
Depression isnt just something you get over eventually
depression stays with you till the end
There was a time not too long afar,
Where life was the norm;  mortgage, partner, dog and car.
Depression destroyed my life.
It told me I was no good.
Depression hurts when you grow old
And life  has passed you by
Depression is a world
Depression leaves you lost
I read this quote
“Depression is anger without enthusiasm.”
Depression is raging.
In the mist of its anger.
Depression is Loving someone with nothing in return,
Depression is Slowly living instead of jumping head first,
Depression isn't obvious but suicide is.
My pain nobody sees.
Depression hits you
Like a ten-ton truck.
Depression makes me feel pain
Depression makes me stupid
Spinning faster and faster, spiraling down, down,
Depression creates a suffocating heaviness
My life seemed picture perfect with a loving wife and son, with a bun in the oven my life had just begun.
But my head couldn’t leave the pillow, getting out seemed too hard to swallow, I knew something major in my life really needed to be done.
Depression is being lonely in a room full of people
Depression is being constantly tired but never able to sleep
Oh horid ways of emotions.
All actions tryed are of no use.
Oh horid ways of emotions.
All actions tryed are of no use.
The unnamed feelings
Eating me alive, and depression
A black hole, closes in
Blocking the light, cold within.
A period of crying can betray the soul
Showing the pain that makes us whole.
Depression is my life without you,
Depression is the darkness taking over the light,
Depression
Hurt very much
Depression
Depression depression,
Depression is running through my head,
These thoughts make me think of death,
I got these pills for christmas
but not from santa claus
Don't want to live
Don't want to die
depression is when you are sucked into a cold lonely world
where you don't have anyone to love
There is a rat
I call Depression
Life is all lies
Borrowed for cries
I no longer know me
I don't want to be
everyone sufers from it
which makes us feel like sh.t
Depression.  Not darkness of living,
but absolute absence of motivation
Some one is hiding her depression
She smiles and shows good impressions
Depression is like a wave pulling you further in
You don't feel up to facing anyone or anything
Depression sets in
When you wanna die
Depression is like a tidal wave pulling you further in
You don't feel upto facing anyone or anything
I'm scared that I have fallen,
into that rift yet once again.
Depression makes you mad
Depression makes you sad
No outward sign for you to see,
I try acting as normal as one can be,
dissolve the life from within me
you crawl inside of my mind
Oh!  Depression!
I love you
Depression has taken over me..
Gobbled up my soul..
I scream but there's no sound,
I cry but there's no tears,
Depression in so many
It's always so sad to see
depression is not what you want in your life
depression is not the answer to your problems
Be not depressed. Depression, is the thief of happiness.
Like all thieves', he must be combated and defeated.
Depression takes hold
losing all control
i can't stop wondering why
i sit still and cry
Alright, I'm depressed!
You'd be too given my circumstances.
Depression is when you hate everyone around
Depression is when you don't want to make a sound
sitting at home in deep thought
medical help i had sought.
The world is falling
I can't seem to keep in reality
it tortures and consumes me
I can not see a way out
Depression is the sorrow in your heart…
Depression is the feeling of being alone…
Do you no who I am?
I am no saint I am no lamb.
My knees are so weak
Yet running
D is for Down days
E is for Escaping when you want to cry
When you try to make it better
With the truths you hold so close
My heart askew and my brain out of place
I narrowly escape insanity on a daily basis
'Just get over it, ' they say
I wish I could find a way
I am loosed, I am free
I have no responsibility
Liquid Depression
A state of agitated depression
You have an empty feeling that comes from within
You long to share your feelings but no one will listen
Tears on my pillow,
cuts on my wrist,
when the brain feels out of whack
a blown fuse
I'm worried about you
You want to be like me
Our lives avoided tragedy
Simply by going on and on,
I fear my little child.
I fear that she will not feed and grow strong and healthy,
I have an alco friend who tried strangling himself
He also attempted to poison himself
Shackled to depression
Intertwined, amongst my veins
Take me home
Take me home
There’s a black dog scratching at my door - demanding he come in
Although I try to ignore him - the black dog always wins.
The dark cloud.
It sits around your head
If you say you're upset because you're tired....
At least you're not depressed.
The depression of the 1930's was the time of my childhood days,
There were a lot of worries and hardships in many ways.
Depression takes over my body.
making me dizzy, sick, and sad.
here i sit, and here i cry
my life has gone down the black hole of deep depression
This feeling of derpression
i tell you it's just this
Depression is a fact of life for me.
As much a part of life as food and air,
Depression is a fight
Or a flight
.......It's a depression so deep it finds a way into the Soul,
traveling through every pore of your Heart.
Twilight declares its arrival
The waves crash against the rocks
Yolinda often was depressed
she then stayed home, inside her nest.
Depression is …
Feeling alone
There was thunder in the hut
teeth clattered under the ground.
I just feel so down
I only frown
Periwinkle blues, vibrant violets blend together creating an atmosphere
only beholding to the most beautiful creatures ever seen on the earths
Being alone as always,
This pain is consuming me,
AS evening shaped I found me on a moor
Which sight could scarce sustain:
I shall call on you not out of despair
I will be there when it has gone beyond repair
The memory of you emerges from the night around me.
The river mingles its stubborn lament with the sea.
The night rain sing the song
To benumb my soul all along.
we say we will
spend some time
I love the hours of misty morn
When clouds descend and kiss with dew
I am a man of Poland, man in a land invaded.
I am but content, that my house has not been raided.
Despair, if you must –
But how's it going to pull you through?
Sharon tells me she's thrilled
when she sees her skins peeled
An empty feeling
like confusion would compare
So sick of it all….
The trust of it all vanished in the wind…
How can we affirm our own existence?
Cogito ergo sum, Descartes said,
As the waves vanish
At the shores
Desire and despair
Are two sides
Losers in a row about to die
corks that pop from the other side.
When despair comes knocking
There’s no one home
DESPAIR IN OLD AGE
Despair in old age
after three days, despair has become an unwanted company,
i begin to joke,
DESPAIR IS DARKNESS
Despair is darkness-
I see u everyday in my dream,
'lost' in the shallowy depths of imagination.
DESPAIR OF THE EARLY MORNING
Despair of the early morning
The shadows of sunshine cross my desk,
work like a prison surrounds me.
Alone! Alone! No beacon, far or near!
No chart, no compass, and no anchor stay!
.    Despair
When I walked daily in despair,
Despair, pain, sadness, heartache
I’m dying inside
Who is he?
A railroad track toward hell?
No longer believe in hopes
I breathe the air of numbness
I look around me, and I'm in despair.
I glance at each and every corner
SMILE on me, mouth of red--so much too red,
Shine on me, eyes which darkened lashes shade,
Distraught
That's what I am
hope dies hard, it is said
always I agreed
O'er the midnight moorlands crying,
Thro' the cypress forests sighing,
We catch a glimpse of it, gaunt and gray,
When the golden sunbeams are all abroad;
Move away - from me, the form
Is parabolic in isolation, I’ll vet
From where I stand I have no faith,
I look around and see only hate.
Alone in the dark, the blood of blackberries
dripping down his shins, the morning star
The darkness of the night bewildering
Falls on a world of chaos, and alone
I search the world for answers
to the questions in my mind.
Thy wings swoop darkening round my soul, Despair!
And on my brain thy shadow seems to brood
Despise poetry, and you'll be named to office.
But to love poetry is like clinging to a mountain:
LET me close the eyes of my soul
That I may not see
And canst thou mock mine agony, thus calm
In cloudless radiance, Queen of silver night?
Go ahead and laugh in my despair.
When im sitting in the corner with a sad glare.
A baby snow Leopard
searching for its mother
I have experienc'd
The worst, the World can wreak on me--the worst
I'm tired now,
I've had enough,
Despair outloud
Despair and fear
Today there will be no killing or blood spilling well none coming from you
I'll kill your friends, parents, and siblings to
Despair's cruel fingertips crawl over the heart of my church.
I witness it's demise as my world crumbles.
Such hope, as is the sick despair of good,
Such fear, as is the certainty of ill,
From the depth of despair
You can only whimper and cry
Frozen tears fall to the ground,
covering up this weeping sound.
Dying here....inch by inch.....
A sense of guilt has struck me somewhere
Haiku-Despair
- - - - - - - - - -
Hope and despair
Overlooking each other's cries
While happiness is the twin sibling of
despair, it is despair that is
Oh, heavy, heavy my despair,
Because, because of One so fair.
Said God, 'You sisters, ere ye go
Down among men, my work to do,
Lose not faith in your hour of despair.
Since the beginning of man, the
Lose not faith in your hour of despair.
Since the beginning of man, the
In grayish doubt and black despair,
I drafted hymns to the earth and the air,
He has lost him completely.     And now he is seeking
on the lips of     every new lover
What is the world coming to?
Though carrying weapons is taboo
When things have reached the point of no return;
When life's nadir is reached and you can't climb;
i always see to it
that i understand what a family is
There was an old man whose despair
Induced him to purchase a hare:
i still remember being in depth of despair
when i had lost da loved once and those who care
No ones knows just how I feel,
Or what pain I hold inside.
My Despair comes and goes
It is not the ultimate despair,
477
No Man can compass a Despair—
FROM THE NOVEL OF EMMELINE.
THOU spectre of terrific mien!
TERRIFIC FIEND! thou Monster fell,
Condemn'd in haunts profane to dwell,
ON THE OTHER SIDE OF DESPAIR
On the other side of despair
There is certainly
No reason to sadly wander
Sometimes on a high tide
certain rules might not abide
Shall I wasting in despair
Die because a woman's fair?
Everyday I wrap
Old skeleton of despair
for Sonja Broderick
'...the nameless pain from which one feels there can be no way out,
Ask not the pallid stranger's woe,
With beating heart and throbbing breast,
The memory of you emerges from the night around me.
The river mingles its stubborn lament with the sea.
Like the colors of your cheek in prism
The dew of my love on the colors
Two loves I have, of comfort and despair,
Which like two spirits do suggest me still:
When things beyond my control do occur,
And fortune favors just the evil minds:
The pain crashes to the depth of my soul
Just another feeling of sorrow
I read them
read them all
No willow tree to toss his hair
no paloma bianca in white to clad
Beneath this gloomy shade,
By Nature only for my sorrows made,
305
The difference between Despair
Sweet bard, whose tones great Milton might approve,
And Shakspeare, from high Fancy's sphere,
the silence breaks the noise;
dark and fearful
Somehow you are missing from my memory.
The night falls slowly, coming with tranquillity.
You swallowed everything, like distance.
Like the sea, like time.
Lost and trapped in the valley of nothing but despair
Hands held high for help and grasping nothing but air
Triangles of half-open doors
Reveal all the truth that is hidden:
Thou'rt my hope, Thou'rt my despair,
Thou my hope,
'Tis not too late to build our young land right,
Cleaner than Holland, courtlier than Japan,
It really bothers me when someone doesn't conclude their thought,
their eyes following something I can't quite make out yet.
On a sunny brae, alone I lay
One summer afternoon;
A dream, A dream,
another dream.
Even in my wildest of dreams
I never dreamt a dream in dream
A dream is a dream.
Some dreams can come true,
A dream lies dead here. May you softly go
Before this place, and turn away your eyes,
C.K. loquitur.
I dreamed I was in fair Niphon.
I DREAMED that one had died in a strange place
Near no accustomed hand,
fox
who
Twenty-eight naked young women bathed by the shore
Or near the bank of a woodland lake
I had withdrawn in forest, and my song
Was swallowed up in leaves that blew alway;
In visions of the dark night
I have dreamed of joy departed-
I dreamed that I ws dead and crossed the heavens,--
Heavens after heavens with burning feet and swift,--
Only a dream, a beautiful baseless dream;
Only a bright
I heard the dogs howl in the moonlight night;
I went to the window to see the sight;
Once a dream did weave a shade
O'er my angel-guarded bed,
Just yesterday morning, it was no item
between heart and dripping eyes,
Take this upon thy brow!
And, parting from you now,
A dream within a dream,
So lonely in the winter still;
Take this kiss upon the brow!
And, in parting from you now,
As the Night begins to slumber,
And most dreams start to awake,
In Poe's dark forbidding night
When there can be no sight
Yet if hope has flown away
In a night, or in a day,
as i close my eyes
a blackhole looms
To and fro, to and fro
In my little boat I go
Somno mollior unda
I
Many decades after graduation
the students sneak back onto
1
white curtains of infinite fatigue
How neatly a cat sleeps,
sleeps with its paws and its posture,
Cyprian, in my dream
the folds of a purple
One day people will touch and talk perhaps
easily,
I'm dreaming a different dream
I can see it in the distance
When I dream the dream of paradise
I see a picture of you
At night when you think through your day
Think on the things that you did say
We met for supper in your flat-bottomed boat.
I got there first:   in a white dress:   I remember
Dream by dream, I felt his presence,
A spirit formed of love and light,
What happens to a dream deferred?
Does it dry up
Where sunshine flecks the green,
Through towering woods my way
You will come one day in a waver of love,
Tender as dew, impetuous as rain,
COME WITH.............LONG TUNE
SOME OF WAEL`S STREET
My love in dream
I see you thee, hand in hand
At the top of a tree
There was the last fruit,
With head up in the clouds, I carry on.
My dreams, alone, escape and climb aloft
Where sunless rivers weep
Their waves into the deep,
Where sunless rivers weep
Their waves into the deep
Young Love lies sleeping
In May-time of the year,
stands she alone on the horizon
white her cloths blowing with mad rapture
If there were dreams to sell,
What would you buy?
IF there were dreams to sell,
What would you buy?
To fling my arms wide
In some place of the sun,
I opened the door in answer to a knock
And seeing who stood there
I awakened from a dream within a dream
Only to find that I hadn't gone to Rock n Roll Heaven
A moon-lit day
End of Fall
Image of her whom I love, more than she,
Whose fair impression in my faithful heart
Golden dream of summer morn,
By a well-remembered stream
Rat in the attic,
Toad in the abandoned well
I dreamed as in my bed I lay,
All night's fathomless wisdom come,
The seafarers tell of the Eastern Isle of Bliss,
It is lost in a wilderness of misty sea waves.
I swayed upon the gaudy stem
The butt-end of a steering-oar,
Doing each good
In life go on I should,
I DREAM'D in a dream, I saw a city invincible to the attacks of the
whole of the rest of the earth;
I know a dream called America -
That led to freedom - our precious -
I was again beside thee in a dream:
Earth was so beautiful, the moon was shining;
It's funny how we always seem,
To be so happy in a dream,
Oh! the days are gone, when Beauty bright
My heart's chain wove;
This is my dream,
It is my own dream,
I've quenched my lamp, I struck it in that start
Which every limb convulsed, I heard it fall­
I dreamed kind Jesus fouled the big-gun gears;
And caused a permanent stoppage in all bolts;
Last night
as I silently
Already, you are mine. Rest with your dream inside my dream.
Love, grief, labour, must sleep now.
Oh fluttering pretty butterfly
At your make I gasp with daze
I saw a ship of material build
(Her standards set, her brave apparel on)
Methought I saw him but I knew him not;
He was so changed from what he used to be,
The deepest dream is of mad governors,
Down, down we feel it, till the very crust
From the Spanish of Pedro Calderon de la Barca
A dream it was in which I found myself.
A dream of mine flew over the mead
To the halls where my old Love reigns;
I've lost the joy that used to meet your smile,
And found without its light my life now feels
Bring me all of your dreams,
You dreamer,
Nine grenadiers, with bayonets in their guns;
Nine bakers' baskets, with hot cross buns;
Seven sweet singing birds up in a tree;
Seven swift sailing ships white upon the sea;
'Twas in the prime of summer-time
An evening calm and cool,
The dream of those days when first I sung thee is o'er
Thy triumph hath stain'd the charm thy sorrows then wore;
Not long ago, in a charming dream,
I saw myself -  a king with crown's treasure;
Believe me, this was true last night,
Tho' it is false to-day.
All trembling in my arms Aminta lay,
Defending of the bliss I strove to take;
Dear love, for nothing less than thee
Would I have broke this happy dream;
I have a dream
to fill the golden sheath
O God, in the dream the terrible horse began
To paw at the air, and make for me with his blows,
Said Will: "I'll stay and till the land."
Said Jack: "I'll sail the sea."
I
Moonlight and dew-drenched blossom, and the scent
Last night, mother, he told me so,
As we walked by the pebbly stream;
The nearest dream recedes, unrealized.
The heaven we chase
In an opal dream cave I found a fairy:
Her wings were frailer than flower petals,
Beside the ungathered rice he lay,
His sickle in his hand;
I am packing to go to the airport
but somehow I am never packed.
Real as a dream
What shall I do with this great opportunity to fly?
Unstable dream, according to the place,
Be steadfast once, or else at least be true.
MY DREAM WAS BORN TO ME BY DAY
SOME DREAMS ARE BORN BY NIGHT!
You dream a little dream of me,
When you close your eyes.
You dream and I dream
In my dream I am with a woman.
I dreamt last night; and in that dream
My boyhood's heart was mine again;
Injustice........................................ ....Envy and ego..........................I
........................................ ........This is the story I was told – I’ve omitted
the details which might identify
The desperate man
Just got rid of
Accepting evil because God
moves in a most mysterious way
Why should I join with those in Play,
In whom I've no delight,
evil has came down to earth
haunting people that nows
Am i evil for believing what i do?
Am i evil for not agreeing with you?
Am I evil,
For having these thoughts in my head.?
I know a lady called misery.
That is me and my life.
The world is made of many places
with different people, many races
So innocence is just a lie
Born, broken, we die
audible by design, cheating fate playing as life's protector
you had me fooled, with blinking and what not
how do you keep a soul pure
untainted
1.
We kept war in the kitchen.
Rises in the east,
sets in the west
with just a glance
a small glance into your eyes
I should have stayed with my first instincts
for when I saw you
you trapped me
you cornered me
as you trapped me
as you attacked me
in that moment
I realized
The suppression of evil that lies within
all of us, is a character option, that one
There's a beautiful Angel
sent from up above
There’s a beautiful angel
Sent from above
A man from Memphis went to town
There he met a pretty woman clown
Evil days.
Jealous eyes.
Evil doers will tear love down,
spin love round and round,
Crackle, pop, the wood that fuels the fire snaps
It falls to the bottom of the pit
There is Something
Very Evil about him
Evil, I am calling!
Evil, do you hear?
Joshua Royce Mauldin, Abbadon,
Angra Mainyu, Satan,
I see all who die.
I saw all who lived.
'Tis not the violent hands alone that bring
The curse, the ravage, and the downward doom,
Do you see the evil in me?
It shines through me illuminating, and spraying.
We meet in an evil land
That is near to the gates of hell.
On thing I admire, nay two things
always strike me as admirable:
How can you expect me to sit here,
and not say a word?
While the red-stained mouths of machine guns ring
Across the infinite expanse of day;
there is evil in the powder room
there is evil lurking in the halls
I am evil because I love too much,
wanting those I love to keep in touch;
Evil, is to hunt 'you.'
smell you.
Once you were civil
Until desire brought upon evil
NOT Beelzebub, but white archangel, I
Turn the dim glass and shift the sands again,
I am evil because I love too much,
wanting those I love to keep in touch;
I am evil because I love too much,
wanting those I love to keep in touch;
I opened the diary of her mind,
as this dark woman, came into my life
Cant believe she did that
The bitch turned into a rat
Evil Tomatoes Rule The WORLD!
Oh no! Oh no!
The animal growls menacingly
Continually  lunging
Be positive that is welcome
But never push away negative thought to come
Sun scorched barren ground
Like spreading lines on shattered glass
A woman, made you cry,
A woman, took your breath away,
Evil on a night like this
Evil tasting like a twisted wish
Feeling Evil
Evil on a night like this
There will be a time.
When good is defeated.
Devastation wrought
In agonizing ill
Good thoughts, 'tis said, are no more than good dreams
Save they be into action put, and that
The good wins,
On the day when there is an end of all sins.
And one of the elders of the city said, "Speak to us of Good and Evil."
And he answered:
But hold on a minute –
who set this league up?
Im here bounded for life
Come to me
Glory to thee O Lord on high
O maker of all that is holy and true
when i close my eyes at night,
the war i just begun to fight,
Hello my name is Hate and I was born in the beginning
I'm in a competition with Love but I seem to be winning
HALF close your eyelids, loosen your hair,
And dream about the great and their pride;
You left behind a bad taste in my life
Not unlike a cold cup of sour vomit.
The modern world seems crazy to the core;
We strike a balance in most things we do;
I am an angel.
I am of no good.
your hands of evil,
your touches of sin,
If you look for evil good you cannot see
For your eyes only tell you what they want you in others to see
In evil long I took delight,
Unawed by shame or fear,
It’s a beautiful land
It’s a home for many
justice validity was purchased
impartiality thrown out windows
Like an evil spirit hast thou
Shocked my heart from out its rest,
snow is melting
in the bill
death of the lotus
in the pose of
Love is so evil
There is a certain pain
I skipped and ran across the field
To find love so that this world can be healed
Don't listen to a word they say,
Money can't really be that way,
a child abused
a gift from god refused,
An evil spirit, your beauty haunts me still,
Wherewith, alas, I have been long possest,
Sinister craving pierce within
Wicked humans laugh no more
In these caves I've dwelled for long
The lust for blood keeps me strong
Is life a conflict between good and evil?
No. it is a conflict between good and
It comes oozing
out of flowers at night,
When the love was great,
The pain is even greater than your mate
THE BANNER IT FLYS WITH SUCH PRIDE
HOW THEY WOULD BE PLEASED IF IT DIED
We are born with luck
which is to say with gold in our mouth.
The Evil that men do… Part 1
It’s coming to a town near you,
there's this girl
with evil red eyes
I
This is the sorrowful story
This is the sorrowful story
Told when the twilight fails
On my wall hangs a Japanese carving,
The mask of an evil demon, decorated with gold lacquer.
Nay, be you pardoner or cheat,
Or cogger keen, or mumper shy,
Even this great mist that drowned the forest,
Relented to Him: grey billows gave, and
When we speak of good and evil we know not what we say
As we all have those traits in us or to me 'twould seem that way
A sense of evil lurking around
I lay broken on the ground
Adam and Eve were overcame
By Satan in the Garden of Eden
Seen from the back as
they walk along the dusty summer road, with
There was me,
my brothers; a total of three,
Father today I come to you with a heavy heart, a heart that is saddened and crying out for your help.  Father this week a family is in great pain, for they have lost a loved one in such a brutal way.  A hard working woman of 40 years old, walking home from work, minding her own business, but she didn’t make it Lord.  No my Father, she didn’t make it, she was followed, beaten, raped and murdered.   A mother of 5 sons, working hard to save money to send  to the Philipines for her sons and husband to come to Canada to  live a better life.   Oh Father, now she ‘s not here any longer, taken by a ruthless, heartless killer.
I’m told Father that I should pray for this killer, forgive  me my King, this I can not do.  Maybe another time perhaps, another day when I can think clearly.  Today I focus my prayers on the deceased woman and her precious family.
Sitting in front of the fire, Auntie Flo's reciting a story,
it's one about her first Christmas as a newly wed,
At Christmas families,
gather around a family Christmas tree
Once more we talk about it.
How sad it's all become.
There is an extremely fat man
who lives in a gargantuan size house
Her father was a smart dyslexic
but she was thin and anorexic.
They keep it so well hidden
This trait they won’t admit
A perfect family is what we all wish for.
We see people that have families that are much different than ours.
Of all the silver and the gold,
of all the gems our eyes behold,
My banks are all furnished with rags,
So thick, even Freddy can't thin 'em;
It is not the colour of our skin
that makes the person,
The mother gone
The father mad
Four Yorkshire Terriers
Tiny, Holly, Charlie, Joy
A lady whose bosoms were big
allowed them to go to her head.
Family comes together
For always and forever
One would be in less danger
From the wiles of a stranger
Friends may come and friends may go
Family is first and this I know
One of the most heart felt feelings is
Putting your family first
We all have a cherished garden we tend -
It is planted with love of family and friends.
love my family with my hold heart.
My love is Joy to love my family
When my aunt died 3 years ago.It was like I was in woods and couldn't find my way out of woods.But it wasn't like
I was lost in woods and couldn't find my way out.It was real lost when my aunt died with cancer.When my great grand
At home
Husband
Have u ever thought actually
What it would be like, without a family.
.
We are a family created by God’s design
By: Kevin Lam
Your family loves you
How do you live,
in a family,
I love my family photos
Such a simple treasure to me
What is a family picture?
Is it all for real?
Don't you just love old family pictures?
Dug out from dusty box or chest
We are a family
And we belong together
What is a family, that’s what we ask,
For some it means little, for they may seek,
Can't live with them
and, I 'can'
When we talk of family,
it’s not always about our blood kin.
The warm feeling
The tears that get wiped
What then you ask, might be a family
is it a bunch of people thrown together?
Tell me what does family mean to you
Is it all the little special things one another do
A family gives you unconditional love,
Strength and guidance they got form above
She came to me so sweetly,
life bubbling from within her
A family is a tree
with its branches and leaves.
Your mouth is biger then
the world is round
all families are different
loving
My family is great
Together we talk
when i need help my family is always there for me.
my family never let me down.
my family is everything  to me
family is always going to
the house is almost full,
the rooms abound with chatter,
The divorced mother and her divorcing
daughter. The about-to-be ex-son-in-law
There was a spirit of friendly fellowship
In the Family Reunion Days of long ago
t’s family reunion time again
Why, I have one in a few days
I love them so,
with the egg & spoon races
Eventhough she sometimes talk about the past
I know that my love for her
uncle dear uncle
what have you done?
They love each other and their children but they studiously ignore
The poor old one in her mid eighties their near neighbour who lives next door
Friends and family love you no matter what you do,
Friends and family Always help each other though.
! ! GOOBY TO ALL MY FAMILY AND FRIENDS….I WILL MISS YOU ALL! !
Tonight I am going end my pain once and for all this is the only way I know that would stop the stabbing pain in my heart I know I only have 14 more days left but that’s too long this pain must
Honor thy family
For doing
Imagine a Human Family picnic
where everyone shows:
To be a part of a family like mine
is so divine
It's Saturday Night Live.....
I mean come on. It’s Chicago’s South side.
incest is best...
at least that's what my sister said
In a dark room,
Through heavy tapestry sunlight bloom.
To my dearest family, some things I'd like to say,
But first of all to let you know that I arrived okay.
My brother Lee Wagner and wife
My sister Billies Rose and husband George Tmeple
My family will forever be in my heart,
My sister's mean the world to me,
Part of my family is grown up and tall.
Part of my family is little and small.
Being born into a big family
in the midst of uncertainties,
My new family I am starting to build
This is the biggest opportunity  for me
I've  never felt so ''welcomed''
or just so ''right at home''
I.
I haven’t spoken to my brother in ten years.
Go to Vimarasan City
“Oh my dear, listen
He was the king
Dhamayanthi was certain
More than 18 million proud Americans
Voted for you.
Whatever happened
To the family physician?
We class ourselves as branches
on our family tree,
A happy family is one blessed by God!
Both parents slog all life for their children;
I have special family memories
Of when I was just a child
With open arms
They welcomed me
He is a hero
not by sibling ordinal age,
Oh! a private buffoon is a light-hearted loon,
If you listen to popular rumour;
We bought an electric monkey, experimenting rather
recklessly with funds carefully gathered since
Hinemoa, Tui, Maina,
All of them were born together;
You put up with it because
as tiresome as it is, and as they can sometimes be,
The family the used to be
There was once a happy family
We've got a family album
Like a family tree
what do you think of when you say your family
do you think of those you share blood with
As when the Paschal week is o'er,
Sleeps in the silent aisles no more
The rose is a rose,
And was always a rose.
O flower at my window
Why blossom you so fair,
O lesson well and wisely taught
Stay with me to the last,
not one less
of this family that must stick together and always save
Family to me has many meanings
For all are full of diverse feelings
we are family,
although we do not resemble
everyone has a place in a family
there are the crazy uncles
why can't family be family again
we used to always be friends
WHY DOES IT HAVE TO BE the FAMILY THAT DISREPECTS YOU?
WHY DOES IT HAVE TO BE the FAMILY WHO TALK ABOUT YOU BEHIND YOUR BACK?
By: Michelle (Miss. Shelly)
A family that doesn’t belong,
Where is family?
The birth of me and I:
To all my family and friends,
I'm happy to say, this is the end.
New born
and strawberry blond!
Saturday afternoon,
the air, now so hot, and streets
Father, first of all know how much I love you and appreciate you
in my life.  Father you never leave me, always there to see me
Father I come to you with open arms, wanting to feel your spirit.
Place my feet on Holy ground, open my ears to hear your glorious sound.  Open my eyes so I will see, take wasted fear away from me.
Father you are always on my mind, I love you Father and trust
in you with all my heart.  I have no questions  for your decisions,
Dear Lord in heaven, this has been a very interesting week, still so much to learn and so much to be forgiven for.  Although Lord verbally we have not offended anyone but inwardly sometimes we have feelings of jealousy or envy.  These feelings truly are negative feelings and need to be dealt with.  Today Lord I pray that you rid our minds of such thoughts and replace those thoughts with grateful thoughts.  Show us how to look at things in a different light, to see what is important and not to focus on the material things in life but to realize that we were all given gifts and those gifts are to be treasured, respected and shared with others.
Father when others copy us, let us realize that this is a compliment, which shows that we  have the ability to set the trend, to take the lead and to move forward allowing others to follow and create a much brighter environment.
Master of truth, destroyer of pain,
You have the power to give health back again.
Dear Lord in Heaven, I hear your voice in the sounds of the falling rain.
I feel you Lord when the warm winds touch my face
Today my prayer will be short and sweet for you Father has given me yet another day to stand with strength upon my feet.  Father I ask only one thing in this short little prayer.  I ask Father that you unite  all the people of this earth as one.  I ask Father that you help us to realize that we really are sisters and brothers, that we are covered by the blood of the lamb, that no one can come between us while we are holding your glorious hand.  Father unite us so that we will grow strong and able to fight the enemy.  Protect us Father while we stand as soldiers under your great umbrella.  Let us find peace in this world Father.  I leave it all to you Father for you are our great leader, you are the King,   You have the ability to make great mountains crumble and to part the rough waters of the sea, you are the all knowing and the great almighty.
Father I leave this prayer for peace to you, knowing that you will know what to do.
Father, I want you to know how much I love you and appreciate
everything you do.  I know you're watching over me and always
Father once again I come to you to ask yet for more blessings.  Oh Lord is there no end to what I ask for.  Each day new problems, new heartaches, more devistation, molestations, murders, drug use is increasing instead of decreasing.
Father God people are forgetting their purpose in life, they are lost.  Father many years ago, your son asked you to forgive them for they know not what they do.  Father when will they know what they're doing.
(Dedicated to Bww and his 7 yr. Old daughter)
A daughter is beauty at its finest.
Oh father, my father
Am humbled by your ways
Wilt thou forgive that sin where I begun,
Which was my sin, though it were done before?
My beloved father, the last time we met
in company with your confidant and friend Abu,
He’d grown quite tired by then, but still he tried
To appease or even please that ghost whose voice
Holding the little finger of your hand,
Walking on the mounds of paddy field,
"Are you deaf, Father William!" the young man said,
"Did you hear what I told you just now?
There once was a fellow named Bart
he declared Father Death to be art
Becoming The Man My Father Always Was
(for Brian D)
'Tis The
SONG OF LITTLE MARY,
Come up from the fields, father, here's a letter from our Pete;
And come to the front door, mother-here's a letter from thy dear
I realized today
that winter would
She hears me strike the board and say
That she is under ban
Father and daughter spend some quiet time together in the living room
Shining through the curtain is the sun
I never thought I'd live
One day to see my daughter be
You're standing in the doorway.
Your workday is all done.
Hey Father Death, I'm flying home
Hey poor man, you're all alone
"There where that ray touches the plain
And the shadows escape as if they really ran,
(On the Anniversary of Lincoln's Birth)
Father, Father Abraham,
Some believe their faith is a private thing,
While others praise and through their voices sing.
My father, who I hardly knew,
Was never one to shirk.
"My times are in Thy hand." -- Psalm XXXI.15
Father, I know that all my life
Father, i'm no Catholic
but i must Confess:
You are over there, Father Malloy,
Where holy ground is, and the cross marks every grave,
His heart a wound
brooding and dark,
Father of love, to thee I bend
My heart, and lift mine eyes;
Life has many ways, of telling our age
Each more interesting, with each new page
My father knows the proper way
The nation should be run;
He never made a fortune, or a noise
In the world where men are seeking after fame;
We are born as sinners
Yet every child is innocent in God's eyes
The long lines of diesels
groan toward evening
FATHERS
Fathers …
When Father Ranney left the States,
In Canada to try the fates,
'Twas the horse thief, Andy Regan, that was hunted like a dog
By the troopers of the upper Murray side,
There is the family photograph
That is your father’s face,
The father conceives his son
the son grows with his father
I feel sorry to myself that …..
I have no memory of playing with you as my father
He wept for his father
His father who implored
Father, part of his double interest
Unto thy kingdom, thy Son gives to me,
Father, part of his double interest
Unto thy kingdome, thy Sonne gives to mee,
Father, Saviour of mankind,
Who hast on me bestowed
When I was just 18 months old
My real father left me
My father
Is my friend...
Dear Lord in Heaven, I woke up this morning with you on my mind,
realizing how precious it is to be a part of humankind.
'I know where I came from
and I know where I am going'
In the name of the Father,
Crusaders sallied forth
If I could see nothing but the smoke
From the tip of his cigar, I would know everything
During the war, I was in China.
Every night we blew the world to hell.
Ulcerated tooth keeps me awake, there is
such pain, would have to go to the hospital to have
He did not so much abandon me, as himself.
His rage blew out of places that had never known life.
Every old man I see
Reminds me of my father
Mother Earth and Father Time are walking hand in hand.
They're visiting their children and checking on their land.
Rare can I find a father
Of great statue and character
(for ifa, p.t., & bisa)
my father is a retired magician
My father, my father,
I love he,
was a truly amazing man
he pretended to be
He was
No I can't say 'he was'
The memory of my father is wrapped up in
white paper, like sandwiches taken for a day at work.
My Father was the greatest man I ever knew and loved He never judged me, never scorned me and never held a grudge If I grow old being half the man that taught me all I knew Then I would lie down in my grave amongst a privileged fewHow he loved the sound
of sound itself, when he
My father, with his arthritic hands
Closes his door, picks up the bow
My mother was fortune, my father generosity and bounty; I
am joy, son of joy, son of joy, son of joy.
My brain has turned to ash, and yes,
My mouth is dust,
In the eyes: dream. The brow as if it could feel
something far off. Around the lips, a great
He was always there, my father,
constant as gravity.
My heart leaps up when I behold
A rainbow in the sky;
As a decrepit father takes delight
To see his active child do deeds of youth,
To the Soul
That learned Father, who so firmly proves
To Mr Lawrence
Lawrence, of virtuous father virtuous son,
Another birthday, God has given you;
’Tis time you thought about your age and health;
Death is not the final word.
Without ears, my father still listens,
Dad,
A great many thanks for all you have done
Thank You Father,
For giving me this life that I live.
Fathers hold you when you have bad dreams
And they comfort you when all is lost it seems.
The old priest Peter Gilligan
Was weary night and day
GOOD Father John O'Hart
In penal days rode out
'Up, Timothy, up with your staff and away!
Not a soul in the village this morning will stay;
He came at night to each of us asleep
And trained us in the virtues we most lacked.
A man had just delivered a toad from his wife's armpit. He
held it by its legs and spanked it.
This man
who is not
545
'Tis One by One — the Father counts —
To the little, pitiful God I make my prayer,
The God with the long grey beard
Most truly honoured, and as truly dear,
If worth in me or ought I do appear,
Visiting her cottage I remember ripe ears of corn,
drawers full of bent knives, mouldy crusts of pumpernickel bread,
With my father
I would watch dawn
"You are old, father William," the young man said,
"And your hair has become very white;
'Father?
Yes...LAWRENCE!
I arose with my Lord upon my mind
And it occurred to me that no
He never loved me,
though I know how hard he tried.
The wind was strong and the dust blew viciously.
Walking on a dirt road, not sure of my destination.
Powerful, that’s right,
I’m a terror, as you will see, no one can beat me.
No.
basking in human godship
87
A darting fear—a pomp—a tear—
I didn't know what to do,
I was trapped,
A sick day a sick day
I'll not make it all year
Children in the playground
Children in the park
A mother worries about the choices that her son may make.
She knows she has let him make decisions for his own sake.
When life becomes a trembling world of fear,
you question every single move you make,
Too oft in time
it seems a crime
Adolescent fear never speaks in its own language
Always translated into the impure tongue
Child of mine
Please never be afraid to fear
I live all alone.
Upon my own.
There's primal fear like a fetus blinded by daylight
There's lingering fear like a zit growing on your nose
The musty smell
hangs
Drunk and wanting to be higher
Another drink, can’t find my smokes
Is blind fear blind?
Yes, it is
Therefore death to us
Is nothing, nor concerns us in the least,
When I exited the train station
at Sheepshead Bay
Don't fear death in earthly travels.
Don't fear enemies or friends.
I doubt you will read this
I don’t believe this is of any use
A pack of wolves stood by quietly watching.
Beginning to act frustrated and anxious.
Fear and fear,
Where is life in fear?
That night I heard your voice
it woke me,
Rainy days and stormy nights
a train running through my mind
Fear haunts the eyes, of the terrified young
Slaughter replacing, days once filled with fun
Everyone has a fear
They don’t even know where it comes from
1
Many animals that our fathers killed in America
Fear no more the heat o' the sun;
Nor the furious winter's rages,
FEAR not, dear friend, but freely live your days
Though lesser lives should suffer.  Such am I,
Fear
An emotional preparedness
Fear not the storms in their darkest hour
Fear opens doors so evil can devour
Once again Einstein rules
the universe, this time
I greet the burden of your soul
and wonder if your heart is whole
Why must one such as I,
live my life with fear,
In death we die alone
to dust and bone
Fear of failure has failed me again!
I’ve hit rock bottom so many times
People choose to see what
they want in me
Epicurus states our responsibility.
In all my meekness and volatility,
Fear of Love
Have you ever loved someone so much that fear takes control of every emotions.
Is it possible to have one fear?
Can you be afraid of fear?
But fear of the inexplicable has not alone impoverished
the existence of the individual; the relationship between
I come now from those foreign places
Unknown to those with hidden faces
Once a favorite conversation piece,
now something more like a disease.
How does fear start?
When we are so small,
It is in the small things we see it
A spider in the corner
The beating of your heart when you know somethings wrong.
Why you hide from everything but think you're so strong.
I stand on the shore line,
the tide washes between my toes.
I fear the vast dimensions of eternity.
I fear the gap between the platform and the train.
What do people fear?
We fear things we don't understand,
Fear of the unknown
is what makes me behind
As a baby
Fear was none...
I smell it here, I smell it near
In our hearts, body and soul we wear
Fear is an agonizing thing
It cripples deep inside
I fear not of tomorrow
The dark scares me not
What causes the fear that people feel,
When there scared and have to face the truth.
I know how father's strap would feel,
If ever I were caught,
Do you see the window,
.....underneath the tree?
I am afraid, oh I am so afraid!
The cold black fear is clutching me to-night
I don't know fear
I once proclaimed
Fear is just in
Your mind
Don’t be afraid of fear
Because fear is afraid of itself
That arresting fear!
That crippling fear!
Fear, an emotion easily obtained,
Something we dread, or maybe of shame,
I fear the fear i cannot stop,
I fear it more and more,
Fear ye not my wee one, fear ye not.
The dream you had was not for thee,
The fear swells up
I begin to dread
Freedoms four he saw, that here, - from fear -
Responded to the war call – means and ends
No one really knows
What happens inside the room
The stream is shrunk--the pool is dry,
And we be comrades, thou and I;
i do not fear....
Armagadden, not the end,
I DO not fear to own me kin
To the glad clods in which spring flowers begin;
543
I fear a Man of frugal Speech—
I have a fear - I may be wrong:
that all too many, put off all thoughts of 'God'
It starts with the fear of God my friend and the fear of God alone,
That removes self from the heart and places Jesus on the throne.
I know the fear within you aches
It captivates your mind
I was a grovelling creature once,
And basely cleaved to earth:
Look not in my eyes, for fear
Thy mirror true the sight I see,
SHE is standing at the gate,
Tall and sweet,
I have this feeling it’s called fear
I  have the fear of who will be dying or will I be next?
Do you want to know,
What I fear the most?
fear may scare you
fear may hurt you
Fear of You
Fear of Me
I have no fear in death
I long for it
for I no longer fear my beast
I will not try to hide it anymore
Yes indeed, I'm going home one day very soon my dear friend,
My life on this earth is but a journey, it's definitely not the end.
Us godly fear delightful unto thee,
That fear that God himself delights to see
Just feel full of fear.
Time for that cold beer.
had less to do
with any harm
Is it for fear to wet a widow's eye,
That thou consum'st thy self in single life?
What if your enemy just follows you,
And monitors your rise most shamelessly;
In the empty field, in the morning,
the body waits to be claimed.
Fear is not what I am afraid of.
True, it is a frightful thing to fear;
The Ghost of Fear
Oh! What a terrible demon am I
My awkward grossness grows: I go down, through
I maintain my self in the conviction
BE you still, be you still, trembling heart;
Remember the wisdom out of the old days:
Though better men may fear that trumpet's warning,
I meet you, lady, on the Judgment morning,
Why you've fear,
When I'm here?
Cold tears plunging from the eyes that are forever lost
Making no since and trying to make it through
fire
passion
At that moment in time, the point of no return
You’re standing inside the fire watching yourself burn
After that hot gospeller has levelled all but the churched sky,
I wrote the tale by tallow of a city's death by fire;
The man was sentenced to death
jury was agreed and the magistrate already signed.
It was so fulminating.
A fire burned within
The sunset was like a fire-sky
That truly lit up my world
Right down the shocked street with a
siren-blast
When the north wind moans thro' the blind creek courses
And revels with harsh, hot sand,
Never until the mankind making
Bird beast and flower
The Sun woke me this morning loud
and clear, saying "Hey! I've been
The Milky Way was curled and curdled in the sky tonight
when on the shore I heard the waves crash down;
An olive fire's a lovely thing;
Somehow it makes me think of Spring
The lamps now glitter down the street;
Faintly sound the falling feet;
As king fishers catch fire, dragonflies draw flame;
As tumbled over rim in roundy wells
Our Sun beats down, its rays so strong,
It heats this earth, where we belong,
Slowly I smoke and hug my knee,
The while a witless masquerade
It was his first, and smuggled in at that,
the Commies hadn't yet approved of things
How long will this go on?
Consumed daily by this passionate fire
Now at our casement the wind is shrilling,
Poignant and keen
I.
How well I know what I mean to do
Embers turning deep crimson red
Streaking through the hardened wood
Only forty more sleeps
and then Santa will come
O! golden Hereafter, thine every bright rafter
Will shake in the thunder of sanctified song;
they'll
fall away
Fire, dark and burning bright
Bright as day, yet, gives no light
I see pain in their eyes.
I hear sorrow in their cries.
Tell me which fight do you fight deep in you
My body shakes in waves of pain you feel
We come into this world with nothing and we depart with nothing. You departed with nothing. Yet you took everything.
There was something omnious about that night, something gloomy, something fateful. Maybe it was the wind and the rain. Maybe just a feeling. I suppose a fitting night to leave this world as we all eventually must. With nothing. Our final flight wont be delayed.
Some say the world will end in fire,
Some say in ice.
For this you've striven
Daring, to fail:
If you like you can enquire
There are rings of fire
Fire, fire
Tuesday, July 24,2018
Fire, fire,
Fire, fight with the fire.
Pyro, Fuego, Fire,
It’s a power, a strength,
FIRE which gives us light
FIRE which is used for cooking
And only where the forest fires have sped,
Scorching relentlessly the cool north lands,
Like a long arrow through the dark the train is darting,
Bearing me far away, after a perfect day of love's delight:
Fire, I am fire
In this summer
I am the creator who cannot find
The soul in which I burn
From underneath the frozen smile,
My heart melts to silently cry.
Fire in the heavens, and fire along the hills,
and fire made solid in the flinty stone,
Like fire in the sky it is
When the sun sets in the night
Turning you hold your arms up
My eyes touch where you turn
Golden orangish flames
Hinted with a hue of blue
The deer were bounding like blown leaves
Under the smoke in front the roaring wave of the brush-fire;
In the west there is fearsome fire in the hills.
Full of dread, the people watch as flames burn upon the ridge.
I will read ashes for you, if you ask me.
I will look on the fire and tell you from the gray lashes
Probably I am an ordinary middle-class
believer in individual rights, the word
A Searing Flame
It Hides My Shame
This life that we call our own
Is neither strong nor free;
fire
Wood  fire  wrapped
The flame crackles,
Spitting shinning sparks
Your nakedness
encounters my nakedness
Motto and craze
'fire with fire' is no answer
White silken thighs,
Legs sprawled on the floor
Whizzing and banging
The Fire Roars
Since the day that the lord set me on fire
i have had a desire to acquire the knowledge of my messiah,
As I am honored with grace impassionate
that dazzles in me and my innate grin
some money I was desperately needing
gambling debts paid or I'd soon be bleeding
218
I have a fire for you in my mouth, but I have a hundred seals
My love is like to ice, and I to fire:
How comes it then that this her cold so great
'Tis a fine Lady..,
I was connected too
I carry pride like a disease, you know I'm Stubborn
and I'm longing to be close!
It appears as a quiet understanding
trust, sharing and forgiving
Heavens on fire as the last day burns out the sky,
Setting the world with an eerie orange glow,
I have been lonely before.
Listing between friends.
Oh day of fire and sun,
Pure as a naked flame,
Faire Chloris, standing by the Fire,
An amorous coale with hot desire
My heart was started by a spark,
burst into flames.
Fire:
When the water turns to mist
Sitting by the fire,
Warming up my toes,
The other two, slight air and purging fire,
Are both with thee, wherever I abide;
What gory deaths by fire, we see today!
Gone is ‘sati’ but brides burn still by stove;
The boy with fire in his eyes
Stands there waiting.
'Twas in the year of 1898, and on the 8th of June,
A mother and six children met with a cruel doom
The squatter saw his pastures wide
Decrease, as one by one
They had long met o' Zundays--her true love and she--
And at junketings, maypoles, and flings;
One, two, three--hark, hark, boys!
One, two, three, four!
DEVEREUX FARM, NEAR MARBLEHEAD.
We sat within the farm-house old,
every day they feed the fire
the fire inside of me
the fire,
i love it,
Fire never dies, just smoulders,
like love you need to fan it,
The fire that filled my heart of old
Gave luster while it burned;
The great Chicago Fire, friends,
Will never be forgot;
I SUPPOSE it just depends on where you’re raised,
Once I met a cove as swore by green belar!
No engines shrieking rescue storm the night,
And hose and hydrant cannot here avail;
Quite is the fire, quite is the dreams,
quite is the passions, the laughter and the tears,
Heed me, feed me, I am hungry, I am red-tongued with desire;
Boughs of balsam, slabs of cedar, gummy fagots of the pine,
late, on the way home
I saw the engines
It was decided that the shed
- an eyesore - had to go,
naked flame, you're dancing higher
tasting life with such desire
There was a man who lived a life of fire.
Even upon the fabric of time,
638
To my small Hearth His fire came—
WHILE I wrought out these fitful Danaan rhymes,
My heart would brim with dreams about the times
Who falls into the fire shall burn with heat;
While those remote scorn from it to retreat.
Embers light the fire
Brake down the bark
The wild flame of your lovely green eyes
has still not been extinguished, my love,
Wine by the fire on a cold winter night a Gelid concordant. The snows of winter has fallen; and the
Winds are decrescent
Yea, the roses are still on fire
With the bygone heat of July,
530
You cannot put a Fire out—
All through my life I’ve been tooing and froing
Constantly coming and constantly going
I told my kids we'd see it, this movie, they couldn't wait.
We finally saved the money so we started on our ''date''.
Her closed eyes whispered to me
In that Cajun French accent
Meals are the food for the body;
Knowledge is the food for the mind;
It can't be said, that everyone, is a
lover of food. But I'm one of those
All my cat wants from me is food.
The only time his fickle mood...
Seems most of Americans are now using food stamps
maybe for the first time in their lives?
your hand on the wheel,
Mayan bolt nonwithstanding...
There is nothing like the old Chuck Wagon
Food cooked outside in the open air
World reels
Food shortage
Hundreds and thousands have toiled under the scorching sun of summer,
to grow the food which so comfortably we eat.
Dusty roads are many, where gutsy people walk,
Muddy paths are countless, where trusting lives live,
Dio doppo avé creato in pochi giorni
Quello che c'è de bello e c'é de brutto,
Everything depends on food
Be cool and cool and take
Fame is a fickle food
Upon a shifting plate
Fame is a food that dead men eat,-
I have no stomach for such meat.
'Beauty was made from her eyes.
Soon they move, I fly into the skies.
As you drank deep as Thor, did you think of milk or wine?
Did you drink blood, while you drank the salt deep?
Big and
Big...
A boat full of fish
may be a mere lucky wish,
Oh how I crave for fish ‘n chips:
Our fine cuisine of world renown.
Food and food,
Your food says
There is good food and good bed.
There is fine wine and fine tune.
Food is necessary
Not for transcendental
Food clothing and shelter
bare necessities.
I am off camera
She is a prisoner – stewing
Food, Food Good Food
Good Food is a should
Who is best skilled trained to prepare it?
Top chief on reality tv pack up your knives?
A food bubble ready to burst?
Cuz speculators on Wall Street
There he is like the ocean
Holding an empty shell
They say in Egypt lived a man
who dined on cheese and pickled ham
Now here’s a thought for poets fraught
and trying to make a living,
If, on this night so dark and dreary
You find yourself depressed and weary
As we graze upon reality
is there something we dont see
She hid it
but it became clear to her
The sky has darkened before its time:
a swarm of locusts,
Is it really so depraving
I like to eat a lot?
Railway budget announced
Fares hiked
The fields are bare, the harvest safe in store
Now is the time for man and beast to rest
The hunger pangs I feel are real.
My stomachs growling to be fed,
Old habits die hard
We only live in present and don't look forward
Food in Oslo
Before pizza ruined Scandinavian cuisine it was wholesome,
IF to her eyes' bright lustre I were blind,
No longer would they serve my life to gild.
Food is god
for poor people...!
Without food I can not live
Food is dear to me.
I have been chasing that truck,
For 2kms, now and I will be dead
Starvation is an intolerable state
of existence. However, I would rather
You don't want to eat while
drunk
O Food, your glory is so great,
Strength of limbs you generate.
I’ve seen heart ache,
and I’ve seen pain.
Food food food
All are here for food
Food, food I love you so,
People say go on a diet, but what do they know.
Food is good.food is filling
food is fatting
Prawn...takes...King.Spider in a web
patiently there to be fed
'Every person who smokes, is going to die.
Every person who never smokes, is going to die.
still in old Italy
20 million tones
Free food I know it is a lie.
I can not kill that sign even though I want to.
Give me some food
That provide and promote
God has a body and light
The universe is inside God's light
Fast food tastes so good
Its probably bad for you
Twenty years ago a man lived in his car.
He did something that was really bizarre.
I love chinese food, and chinese food loves me,
but in my imaginary land, i am the queen.
I love food, I love food
It makes me feel really good
I am in need of some food
After taking something
I want some food
True
food waste
one country
What an offensive brain
Tasking with junking the kids
Spinach, carrots, artichokes,
will not grow the bones of blokes.
I wanted a roast beef sandwich
So I found myself at the fridge
There were great men by whom the society
Has immensely benefited and yet
I just grabbed a long-handled spoon.....
to scoop little pickles from a jar.
Love is the food of the heart.
The more it flows uncircumscribed
I'd love to be a bird
That flies high up in the sky.
Eyes do all that is needed
With due consideration point is conceded
Birds have free food and nest
Foxes hve free food and holes
Are you just a tub of lard and
Vastly overweight?
I had a peanut butter sandwich today
which made me think of all the way....
(This is a fictional poem)
You keep sending your food back because you aren't satisfied.
Yuck!  Gross!  I won't eat that
This food looks like a run over rat
Yuck! Gross! I won't eat that
this food looks like a run over rat
Thick red blood veins bath in anger
The stomach grumbles in idiotic anger
Some food is
Medicine...
So are you to my thoughts as food to life,
Or as sweet-seasoned showers are to the ground;
And now and then, I taste the foods I shouldn't;
So stupidly in utter  disregard;
The rotten mangoes that I threw away
Are spotted by a crow by early dawn;
Pigeon on the ledge,
Starved, walks away from seeds; needs
I do not want to know
The source of food
In food is a certain quality of taste,
May they abstain and be erased.
Leaping, leaping, leaping,
down line by line,
Mother, in some sad evening long ago,
From thy young breast my groping lips were taken,
She gave me the food of her love and,
It was like the crystal sea full of roses!
What would you like for supper,
Some steak, with chips and peas,
Rat
Go for cat
In the year 2525
If man is still alive
Newton
every stall splashes its best
Food! Food! Food!
It is all that we need
Food for the body
I know of men, who do not have enough,
McKenna said; “They are the food of the gods”
“Has been so for 10,000 years, more or less
Memorial Day weekend, ESPN, I watched, “Outside The Lines, ”
And what I heard, well as the saying goes it just, “blew my mind, ”
I still remember those childhood days,
We could not go where the big brother plays,
He was undersized
compared to his peers
We were challenged by The Dingoes - they're the pride of Squatter's Gap-
To a friendly game of football on the flat by Devil's Trap.
It is the first game of the football season
At most colleges and universities across the land.
Never cared much about football, even less about
the Cardinals.
Their jeans sparkled, cut off
way above the knee, and my
Another Football Season has just commenced having said so just the same
A lot of hype and excitement about  a field game
I've heard that Ballydaly does not have a football team
Which puts a cloud on Tommy Tucker's dream
A game called prison ball was enjoyed in France
while English boys played rounder in short pants.
BASEBALL
A game called prison ball was enjoyed in France
On a sunny day, that warmed the winter breeze
Running with laughter and children,
Case in point proven. I told you that we the patriots will win the Superbowl of World Peace, but the sell of the Patriots winning the football game ''this year'' was the falsehood. Again I say, ''Selling falsehood doesn't stop truth from happening.'' - Joshua Aaron GuilloryHave you seen a football match?
In a field two goal-keepers' catch.
as the years grow harder
so do the choices
I took my little boy
to  a nearby football pitch
As the years grow harder
So do the choices
What a name called?
Football a game called,
Let children play football or basketball.
They would experience camaraderie,
Here, a handful of hysterical men
Seeming to run aimless for endless hours
Of late little in our lives for to talk of at all
We can count ourselves lucky for to have football
Football fever
Gripping all over
Cross bars and posts, the echo of distant bells,
The cool and friendly scent of whispering turf;
Football is a contact sport;
In short—a “rough” game.
Gladiators of the numbered turf
Helmeted heads and padded limbs
Like medieval knights
Armor clad, in fields battle
He is not getting on with his unhappy wife
His Football Club his diversion from his problems in life
A shooting ball is swooshing;
People in globe are watching.
আমাদের মেসে ইমদাদ হক ফুটবল খেলোয়াড়,
হাতে পায়ে মুখে শত আঘাতের ক্ষতে খ্যাতি লেখা তার।
Football match,
let us watch and enjoy
Football is my life
It can be dangerous as a knife
Caught that
Long bomb
Dear God save me from my fate.
I’ve ravaged a whole plate of tacos,
I loved to play football,
That night I dreamt that
With Apologies to Oliver Twist and everybody else.
Football, glorious football.
Just like a football I am and have
been bounced around a bit,
Football is my favorite game
I love to watch them play -
I take the snap from the center, fake to the right, fade back...
I've got protection. I've got a receiver open downfield...
It is a sport.Football
We are, both
Most of the boys on my team are ashamed that a girl is on their team.
They have a lot of question like: why do you play football. Are you a men or what?
Bands playing familiar songs.
The majorettes with their batons.
Football is played with heart
There will always be someone better than you
He thought he had lost all his reason,
Cause a strike threatened the football season.
Twenty-two fierce beasts
Strive to control one small ball
After stepping into the field
there is no way out
In some ways humanity does not seem advanced at all
People in their physical prime tussling over possession of one football
Football teaches you
teamwork; reaching goals in life
The greatest football catch got caught
By Odell Beckham, rookie pro.
I told her that her two teams weren't playing
She said those were lies that I was saying,
We stuffed our crotches into hometown pants.
Clacked on concrete out to mud and grass.
If you bring the team together, you can win any game - the game of football, the game of basketball, the game of life! - Joshua Aaron GuilloryIn the floodlight lit football oval each weeknight after tea
I hear the young men shouting as they train diligently
Cornhuskers college football game,
Fourth quarter and time almost out,
Life is like a football game
When you score a goal, you must play hard to defend it
Like football in verse keep the ball
Low on the ground, low, low, low.
In a pub all the channels were on football
But there was a guy with no interest at all
My little son plays football in a little league
his coordination is of a new born foal, his colleagues
After dividing ourselves
And having dressed
YOU can keep your antique silver and your statuettes of bronze,
Your curios and tapestries so fine,
When we first met we didn't,
it wasn't on the menu.
When the feet kiss the ball,
for all tackles u make,
They celebrate in the Commercial and Mickey Bourke's pub
The marvellous win of Koroit Saints Football Club
For the Cork Gaelic Footballers another humbling defeat
By their neighbours Kerry in Croke Park once more they've been beat
Our teacher's a football fanatic.
It's all that he has on his mind.
Perfect on my imperfection, you fall:
I close my eyes but you are real, traveling
Foot
Ball,
Net to net rolls the ball
with the feet fast they scroll
Drive men, drive!
Get the freaking ball!
Oh wow! Seems like every channel has the exact same story,
The most storybook football program has tarnished it’s glory,
Spanish dance,
Spanish Football,
Strike the ball in speedy split seconds,
Snap and chase the ball like life's only chance,
The stands are full of eager fans
Who say, we're paid too much money!
SUPER BOWL FOOTBALL
The stands are full of eager fans
Suppose football does serve a purpose some males do need other interests in their lives
Than working or drinking of alcohol or arguing with or making love to their girl friends or wives
The 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia was a terrific event.
Thirty two teams came together to celebrate sportsmanship,
Transformed into
The petroglyphs
Around his bed his friends and family but of them he's not aware
His life's journey about to end old Joe the ex footballer player
The beauty of the golden days,
Where the great adventure began,
Kind of candlestick in the mud-
Hoary light in the swamp
Most of those who knew him thought he was not good enough
He could not measure up when the going  did get tough
Football jocks- they allow nothing to get in their way
Girls hearts they’d break every day.
The football legend
Pele could play like magic
I.
O wild kaleidoscopic panorama of jaculatory arms and legs.
It’s raining all day!
The kids are playing football –
Into your houses that stand for nothing—popcorn light
That gets blinded on the 4th of July
In the retinue of
The carrion and paper airplanes
I've often found it quite baffling
People’s immense love for a sport
We all love and applaud the winners
As we feel sorry for the losers
Their flags and their banners they are waving with joy and excitement they shout
The hero has kicked the winning goal but what are they shouting about
This is the football Season it is that time of year
When men in the pub talk football as they enjoy their beer
SUPER BOWL FOOTBALL
The stands are full of eager fans
'Tis football is the big World game of today
Grid Iron the big game of the U S of A,
To be good at football assures one of local fame
Though outside of your hometown yours is not a known name
Well...
You can
Why do you love football?
What do you see in it?
Being alert
says an expert
you and i
met not long ago
I can’t forget those days baby
No I can't forget at all
(Grand Evangelical Mission,10th of May 2009, Agro Football Field, Davao City, commemorating the 123rd birth anniversary of Ka Felix Y. Manalo, God's last messenger)
Throngs of believers and non-believers
Poetry is about freedom.
The spirit of freedom.
What I always say is
when you get older
'Dream, dream,
Keep on dreaming':
To stand forth in strength;
The strength of wisdom,
So many gave their lives
To keep our country free
A respected man he is
A loved man he is
A view of a vast land
Enriched with daffodils
“A Free India” - That was your only passion
Thanks to your sacrifices, today we are an independent nation.
You waste the attention of your eyes,
the glittering labour of your hands,
For E.D. who will never understand the gift he gave me.
I wear a silver bracelet on my wrist with its native american facade and I am reminded of a commended freedom and of peaceful spirituality.
I am who I am
Because of what I am
The shots fired out
The scared soldier dashed back to the fort
Remember them, for they were once like you,
With hopes, emotions, days of grey and blue.
Freedoms four he saw, that here, - from fear -
Responded to the war call – means and ends
How delicious is the winning
Of a kiss at love's beginning,
At the stroke of twelve; midnight
we earned freedom! Well! We did it!
Beneath my fingers I feel the smooth silky paper.
Somewhere within my head, a poem’s carefully strung.
Walking with arms at my back
On corridor of liberty,
Wrapped inside a little womb,
Struggling to be free,
I walked in to a graveyard in the dead of day
Found a marble headstone engraved with your legacy
Freedom freedom freedom
Where is freedom
Freedom to love again.
Freedom to try love again without thinking
Thinking can never be free
Stems from the conditioning deep in our minds
the crescent moon chip of a coffee cup
against your (needlessly)   pursed lips
The night’s darkness falling
On the city of dreams
Freedom has turned into an illusion
Just to be an illusion
In A Desert, The  Wind  Arrived A Teasel.
The Teasel  Asked  Him
Heart filled with love
Heart filled with fire
Is there freedom in your marriage?
Or is there bondage bringing woe
FREEDOM IS..., FREEDOM IS NEVER
Melvin Banggollay
They tell me
'Freedom is never free.'
It is spoken man is born equal and free
To a degree the world disagrees
Who says our freedom is free? Not Me.
True, We are  freer than most, but not enough,
God's love is unconditional
It is not bound by strings,
everyone has choices
you can choose to be good
(Translated from the French by Edouard Rodti)
My wife with the hair of a wood fire
Please, don't chastise or stone me,
Or force me into a fiery grave.
Australia's a big country
An' Freedom's humping bluey,
Freedom, as every schoolboy knows,
Once shrieked as Kosciusko fell;
The Freedom
To have my own mind, without others trying to influence me.
he drank wine all night of the
28th, and he kept thinking of her:
All I want is freedom
Is that too much to ask
They say I have freedom
I can do what I want
Freedom is something
we take at times for granted,
When does one become many?
When love seeks to own,
I set myself free
From the shackles in my heart
I Am Free
Like Birds
They told me that I have all the freedom I could ask for
They told me that I had it because I was born in the United States
What freeman knoweth freedom? Never he
Whose father's father through long lives have reigned
You are freedom
God's freedom child
If destiny is manifest
and fate is set in stone
Precious like time,
Fragile like a baby.
A! Fredome is a noble thing!
Fredome mays man to haiff liking;
What is freedom? Nobody knows.
What do I think is freedom?
Freedom, oh precious freedom, we ask not why we hold it so dear
we just take it,
What is freedom?
Are you sure we have it
Dreamlands of passion call my name,
From the abyss of the darkness,
Freedom is not an object
to be purchased from the shops,
Freedom, that everyone craves for
Freedom of speech; deeds; religion; thoughts,
Whilst your soul dances,
beneath the cradle of heaven's stars,
Unseen chains of steely resolute
Bind her to the wings of freedom.
Freedom frees my dictionary
In my brain.. I keep the words
country as free as a bird
born in a free world
To all our Soldiers past and present, God Bless
Glory to the American Flag, long may she wave
They caught them.
They were sitting at a table in the kitchen.
So many people around me.
The ones I love and the ones I hate.
And an orator said, "Speak to us of Freedom."
And he answered:
At last! I breathe...
Freedom...
We enjoy full freedom in India
Even the cows and bulls are free
freedom
no choice
There is a funeral today for the remains of a friend
Cremated remains which will be placed in an urn
I prefer the gorgeous freedom,
And I fly to lands of grace,
I want my freedom back,
This can't be right,
In search of freedom; how strange,
waves are running away from oceans
They have brought Saddam to justice and handed freedom back
Or at least that is what you tell me to the people of Iraq
There's a free in freedom
a dominate in dom
For those who don’t already know
This poem is not going to glow and flow
Soldier, Soldier, cries the child
My father is a freedom fighter
If ''The truth shall set you free''
then I have earned my wings.
Those who target and maim and kill civilians are not freedom fighters
We ought to make that one straight
Of old sat Freedom on the heights,
The thunders breaking at her feet:
Dachau’s ashes burn my feet
The asphalt smokes under me
realization
a never-ending vision
Responsible Freedom? ?
In love 'Responsible freedom'
The stars of freedom light the skies,
Uncrowned queens of yesteryear,
i could write volumes
on all i've seen of
Today the little bird
is let out of his cage.
'Twas night, and the moonbeams palely fell
On the gloomy walls of a cheerless cell,
To have the right to dream
and to follow it each day
Travel light a friend once said to me,
'Yeah right' i thought with my big screen TV,
Many look on what constitutes freedom one might say differently
What seems free to you may not seem free to me
when you come
with a knife
In absolute oblivion
With nature and the forces of existence
'Freedom':
an obese woman
Different colour
Fishes...
Remembered
A nation born from war, for the “purpose” of establishing freedom
Freedom, freedom, freedom!
Whose freedom?
The gift of freedom, is what one seek,
To search the lands, the seas, the skies.
on some level we all
are aggregations of cells
How many noble schemes from goodwill's heart,
how many splendid plans and fine ideas
A BEST FRIEND-Makes a lunch trade with you even if he doesn't love peanut butter and jelly.
A BEST FRIEND-Notices you standing alone by the fence and invites you to play hockey with the rest of the class.
I have a blind Friend
He's called Ronny
There's nane that's blest of human kind,
But the cheerful and the gay, man,
I am haplessly entrenched near a road,
Bogged down by the war's heavy load.
YOUR troubles shrink not, though I feel them less
Here, far away, than when I tarried near;
no body sleeps naked in
this place, were all sophisticated
I.
Gone, O gentle heart and true,
He is sleeping, sounding sleeping
In the cold and silent tomb.
I was groping for a friend
in a net of eyes by the tube;
What has friendship got to do in times of need?
A thousand reasons  perhaps for one to see
Two friends went to a forest.
One was very much honest,
A friend is one who is like me,
or is it one who likes me much,
A friend can be a sister,
A friend can be a foe.
A friend sends her perfumed carriage
And high-bred horses to fetch me.
Shot in a night of impeccable injustice.
Overflowed with torment and forgiveness.
Is this a life, to break thy sleep,
To rise as soon as day doth peep?
Time does pass us by so very fast,
Only a moment’s pause, dawn is dusk,
652
A Prison gets to be a friend—
At the highways of woes
a traveller viewed the wind blows,
A shady friend for torrid days
Is easier to find
There's a gleam of green in an old bottle,
There's a stir of red in the quiet stove,
A true friend is always there for you
A true friend will help you no matter ther problem
He laughed and I laughed with him,
He joked and I joked too,
A true friend is someone who will always be,
always be there when a friend is in need.
'Be like water, my friend, be like water,
Don’t be rigid; just go with a flow...'
I could easily foretell
You had something to tell
FEAR not, dear friend, but freely live your days
Though lesser lives should suffer.  Such am I,
We meet many people in life,
Some just appear and disappear too
Dearly I love a friend; yet a foe I may turn to my profit;
Friends show me that which I can; foes teach me that which I should.Friend, in the desolate time, when your soul is enshrouded in darkness
When, in a deep abyss, memory and feeling die out,
A FRIEND IS A FRIEND
WELL BEYOND THE END
He is such a friend I remember
He is lovely and cute light ray
Art thou abroad on this stormy night
on thy journey of love, my friend?
A Friend:
One, Who Helps You Get Out Of A Jam
Friend, your white beard sweeps the ground.
Why do you stand, expectant?
Ah, Posthumus!  our years hence fly
And leave no sound:  nor piety,
I NOW, O friend, whom noiselessly the snows
Settle around, and whose small chamber grows
205
I should not dare to leave my friend,
509
If anybody's friend be dead
If you had a friend strong, simple, true,
Who knew your faults and who understood;
My faithful friend, if you can see
The fruit to grow up, or the tree;
Poor, weak and worthless though I am
I have a rich almighty friend;
Pet was never mourned as you,
Purrer of the spotless hue,
In measured verse I'll now rehearse
The charms of lovely Anna:
My best friend had lots of curls
but wasn’t like the other girls
He is my best friend
a pal on who I can depend.
There is a miracle called in friendship
That miracle of friendship brought you
Good morning
Get up the bed
118
My friend attacks my friend!
My friend iudge not me,
Thou seest I iudge not thee:
My friend iudge not me,
Thou seest I iudge not thee:
On poemhunter I've found a new friend,
Her comments she'll regularly send,
92
My friend must be a Bird—
Who will forgive me for the things I do?
With no special legend of God to refer to,
Art thou abroad on this stormy night
on thy journey of love, my friend?
—he's a dandy
—small moustache
My friend tree
I sawed you down
My groom and friend came from afar.
I kiss your feet!
My friend, Sherla, was hard to see
for Mom and Dad, not me.
Sitting front of my computer
and waiting for your mails
My most Distinguished Guest and Learned Friend,
The pallid hare that runs before the day
When Faith and Love, which parted from thee never,
Had ripened thy just soul to dwell with God,
Children are like buds of flowers.
Nourish them with good thoughts,
Sister, Friend, Why!
Sister, friend, you are so beautiful.
Your words, my friend, (right healthful caustics) blame
My young mind marr'd, whom Love doth windlass so,
We talk of taxes, and I call you friend;
Well, such you are,—but well enough we know
AH! think no more that Life's delusive joys,
Can charm my thoughts from FRIENDSHIP'S dearer claim;
Blue mountains to the north of the walls,
White river winding about them;
Blue mountains lie beyond the north wall;
Round the city's eastern side flows the white water.
Now shall I walk
Or shall I ride?
The death of a friend
I try to be brave
We sat across the table.
he said, cut off your hands.
The people take the thing of course,
They marvel not to see
THOUGH you are in your shining days,
Voices among the crowd
In this evil year, autumn comes early...
I walk by night in the field, alone, the rain clatters,
You know there is not much
that I desire, a few chrysanthemums
Today, because I couldn't find the shortcut through,
I had to walk this town's entire inner
So long you wandered on the dusky plain,
Where flit the shadows with their endless cry,
I ask but one thing of you, only one,
That always you will be my dream of you;
Who prop, thou ask'st in these bad days, my mind?--
He much, the old man, who, clearest-souled of men,
Well, Lizzie Anderson! seventeen men--and
the baby hard to find a father for!
As late I rambled in the happy fields,
What time the skylark shakes the tremulous dew
NOW all the truth is out,
Be secret and take defeat
God knows it, I am with you. If to prize
Those virtues, priz'd and practis'd by too few,
I.
Chloe, behold! againe I bowe:
If music and sweet poetry agree,
As they must needs (the sister and the brother),
For brave comportment, wit without offence,
Words fully flowing, yet of influence:
Sir,
Our times are much degenerate from those
Since shed or cottage I have none,
I sing the more, that thou hast one;
Sit further, and make room for thine own fame,
Where just desert enrolles thy honour'd Name
Well then; the promis'd hour is come at last;
The present age of wit obscures the past:
The longest tyranny that ever sway'd
Was that wherein our ancestors betray'd
A friend
What makes a friend?
SIMPLE VS. REAL
Let me identify...
Everybody needs friends, we all have friends
Some friends are closer to us than our families
Here is paper, pen, and inke,
That your heart and seale may sinke
You smile upon your friend to-day,
To-day his ills are over;
If I were to live my life
in catfish forms
Acquaintances are many but friends are very rare
For with a true and trusting friend your secrets you can share
The great, green gob
was opened wide
A frog, beautiful greenish mixed color
While in search of its food trapped in a pipe
A tiny frog on a lili-pad,
Was so depressed she felt so sad.
froggy went courting
on a sultry summer day
There stands upon a leaf,
A tiny frog,
A frog walked into a bank for a loan
She was making some improvements at home
Of the complexities of Nature how can one explain
Who can tell of the workings of the amphibian's brain
A huge frog and I,
staring at each other,
A little Frog could well be
A beating Frog in camouflage
I walked in to the marshes sad
And spotted him there on the lilly pad
However much learned we are,
However big our possessions are,
An old frog
Once I was a human,
I like both
Balloon and frog.
You reminded me
of the first ever FROG
The Corroboree frog I be,
A hopping the land down under.
I've eaten frogs before,
And I must say it's true:
Dry out frog, so dead so flat
been run-over more than trice
How dare you
approach me,
The finch trills in the apple tree
His: Tiriliree!
Frog swimming
To try for fly...
Freddy was once a toad
He hopped too often in the road
F-reely living liking animal eats harmful insects in farmers' land
R-uns, jumps, swims in the water of lake, canal, pond;
Summer grows old, cold-blooded mother.
The insects are scant, skinny.
And then a frog sang before the bog in that late afternoon.
All of a sudden,  its first loud song struck my ear, deaf for nature
Frog-dance,
Let me see
All I want to be
is a little green frog
When we croak,
were dead,
moonlit pond...
a frog penetrates
There once was a handsome green frog
who  resided  inside an old log.
Can not imagine
The length and breadth
The fairy tale says,
that every time you kiss
A multi-storey frog menage a trois
(Erotic reptilian sandwich)
Every frog must croak
That is no joke
France and China feed from your demise,
Restaurateurs are not exactly chums,
frog pond...
I jump over
look at the frog so small and cute
top to tail in his green suite
Sun of an obnoxious quarry as we seem
To be laughing—
A small and green but drunken frog
sat in the evening on his log.
Frogs are green
like chlorophyll
A frog
Is gifted with
Away from old pond
leaps olympic longjump frog
Frog resting on a
Lily pad in quiet pond—
The frog- on the arm
Of the balance! How to weigh-
Moonlit night and
A moonlit pond, a frog riddled
the frog and I
exchange glances
Hopping frog, hop here and be seen,
I'll not pelt you with stick or stone:
I fell in love with a frog,
who was sitting alone on the banks of the Nile,
Frog,
I hate you.
joining me
in a bath
An island frog, the humans say
How does such a residence be?
On his throne log
in kingdom bog
Frog in well defined as knowledge confined,
Come out of it with knowledge refined,
I am called a leaf frog - guess why!
Yep - cuz I blend in like a leaf,
Goodness gracious could it be true
Prince Charming, is it really you
Man prides himself with intelligence
Human Logic rationalizing,
When speaking
this orator sounds
This frog was partying and left rather late
In the darkness his home he could not locate
This snake was eyeing a frog for his lunch
They struck at each other with a crunch
Evening shower pours down heavily
Rain water falls like a torrent, overflowing everywhere.
A tiny Costa Rica frog
was caught in heavy rains
Mary had a little frog
And it was water-soaked,
He was meditating on a lotus,
Eyes half closed breathing slowly.
If a common noun is made adjective
And noun is faithful and very active
I am
A piece of paper, creased with folds;
Phileas the frog was awfully large -
To see the muscle in his thighs -
The frog proclaims unabashedly
Within hearing of everyone
When the rain pattered
The frog started croaking
The croaking toad and the leopard frog,
Were drinking beer on a hollow log.
The Dog, the Frog, and the Hog
All met while jogging in fog.
She let her golden ball fall down the well
And begged a cold frog to retrieve it;
Once upon a time a frog
Croaked away in Bingle Bog
You've probably heard the story of the scorpion who asked the frog
to help him cross the river by giving him a lift on the frog's back.
A frog and a tarantula is an unusual pair,
In a hole up a tree they're happy to share.
Come, said the frog to the toad,
let us hop down to the pond,
'Welcome to this well,
My friend, please tell
Jacques the chef ordered it
The livestock removed bit by bit
There once was a frog,
Who sat on a log,
Leap frog,
Jump frog,
What a wonderful bird the frog are!
When he stands he sit almost;
Be kind and tender to the Frog,
And do not call him names,
I heard a strange noise, very loud
Between the high shinning grass
Comes to mind as another small
upheaval
Week after week it shrank and shrank
as the fierce drought fiend drank and drank,
Frau Doktor,
Mama Brundig,
As I was walking through the wood
One warm and sunny summer day,
New hills in the Septembers the houses get out
Their drinking glasses to remember—
Is the life lived of a belching frog,
More important than the one...
a frog
who is never given the pond
When I was a kid
I caught a poison dart frog;
Roses are red
Violets are blue
I 'd like to speak, told me a frog
about this shadow in the fog
By day, this well-contented frog
Has made his home on yonder log,
Three men I saw beside a bar,
Regarding o'er their bottle,
Cobra sings in Swahili 'What a beautiful creature are you? This world is so vast and you stuck in a deep well for nothing, come out honey in a rainy day.'
'Though I am a huge reptile my heart is very soft sweetheart and I can teach you a knot when you hide in my bosom.' Python boasts.
toad frog and their little son tadpole
were so happy pleased and proud
The frog by nature is both damp and cold,
Her mouth is large, her belly much will hold;
The old watch: their
thick eyes
I have a pet frog
We go frog walking every day at 6pm
I can see that
water frog
Frogs sing lullaby
Noise whacking the rainy night
(In memory of Stephen (Reggie)   Pearce
of Kilnsea,1980–2005)
Pale, at its ghastly noon,
Pauses above the death-still wood--the moon;
i carefully place
myself on the pyre of
Early darkness; as oil we drip on tarmac,
a gathering in black fallen from the sky.
Through airy roads he wings his instant flight
To purer regions of celestial light;
Destitute in my thoughts,
I found myself removed that day.
I can see all things now.
I can see so many tears.
WITH steady march across the daisy meadow,
And by the churchyard wall we go;
Let us begin and carry up this corpse,
Singing together.
From the slow march and muffled drum,
And crowds distrest,
I often tell my beloved,
Please adorn me with beautiful,
26/10/10 a poets funeral
On a very humid Tuesday morning
The time has not come before
And this is new.
They have arrived again my friend!
To be with us again
After the funeral, mule praises, brays,
Windshake of sailshaped ears, muffle-toed tap
Give us, God, to Thee now turning,
Fullness of joy, tears full and burning,
I loved her too, this woman who is dead.
Look in my face. I have a right to go
[One of the Bearers Soliloquizes:]
. . . Room in your heart for him, O Mother Earth,
February 2, 1901
Her sacred body bear: the tenement
You won't believe this, rightfully so, you'll think it’s not true
but a person will do anything, when he starts losing his screw
AWAY with funeral music - set
The pipe to powerful lips -
Well, come to the new years ball,
have a fun time celebratin' the funeral of 1999...
Forty body bags thrown atop with each other
Labeled for cremation
By his side, whose days are past,
Lay bow and quiver!
BY his side, whose days are past,
Lay bow and quiver!
Make my funeral happy when my life as gone
Dress in rainbow colours nothing dark and drab
Michael Jackson's 'SMILE' played, as the coffin entered everyone stood tall
Mum's poem was read and felt by all
MADAM—
That I might make your cabinet my tomb,
The coffin as I past across the lane
Came sudden on my view. It was not here,
I thought if I took the flowers home
Flowers from a funeral
I am standing at your funeral
Ready to say good bye
A day to say I am sorry
A day to say I love you
There was a dead bird on the grass,
Next to the sidewalk.
It's the one thing I can't rehearse
The final act where I have no lines
Dust unto dust,
To this all must;
march my soldiers march!
today is that day
William de la Pole, Duke of Suffolk: beheaded 1450
John Tiptoft, Earl of Worcester: beheaded 1470
Three years ago, I passed a little church
While I walked on my way
I saw a long funeral
a dead ant being carried
XiaoKang Ma
Section 1
Funeral Of Century（2）
LOL. I hope my english will be better than in (1) .
The day that YOUTH had died,
There came to his grave-side,
The death, end of the life journey
But not the end itself
It was first experience
I had to attend funeral procession at once
men in black,
women also.
I want to have my funeral
But first I need to die
So tonight I will toast at your funeral.
Because we knew this wouldn’t end well.
at this T-junction
black ants file in unison
Around Sebago's lonely lake
There lingers not a breeze to break
I attended mass at church this morning
This was a funeral mass for Mr Jim.
I
I saw a slowly-stepping train --
A WAIL was heard around the bed, the death-bed of the young,
Amidst her tears the Funeral Chant a mournful mother sung.
Bright day of autumn, springing
Morning dews thin out, how pleasant it
APRIL 29, 1874
SUNG BY MALE VOICES TO A NATIONAL AIR OF HOLLAND
I felt a Funeral, in my Brain,
And Mourners to and fro
Eighty years of life
on this Earth
Lilacs at my funeral
Lilacs when I’m dead
And now the bell, - the bell
She had so often heard by night and day
The death of Duryodhan concludes the war, and it is followed by
the lament of women and the funerals of the deceased warriors.
It has been fun,
she says at last.
My Funeral Pen writes for me
All of these words that set me free
Darkness encompasses my space
My future seen bleak, feral beasts hide
Death
could be full of surprises.
Night funeral
In Harlem:
The castle clock had tolled midnight:
With mattock and with spade,
I
Under the Great Comedian's tomb the crowd.
I attended the funeral of your dear one.
I heard your loud sobbing and screaming
They bear him to his resting-place—
In slow procession sweeping by;
No drums, no marching and no bugles,
Not much crowd as expected
Fair is thy site, Sorrento, green thy shore,
Black crags behind thee pierce the clear blue skies;
They said you needed surgery.
You said ''There's business I must do.''
And there we stood, the family,
foremost in black and closed off faces.
"Yes," said the sister with the little pinched face,
The busy little sister with the funny little tract: —
The funeral bell is ringing a reminder of our mortality
Farewelling a deceased soul one day 'twill ring for me
A GLORIOUS voice hath ceased!-
Mournfully, reverently-the funeral chant
Zeus mourns deeply:
Patroklos has killed Sarpedon.
Ye sons of Germany, your noble Emperor William now is dead.
Who oft great armies to battle hath led;
'Twas in the year of 1888, and on the 19th of November,
Which the friends of the late Ex-Provost Rough will long remember,
Alas! Prince Henry of Battenberg is dead!
And, I hope, has gone to heaven, its streets to tread,
The Day that
Youth
Silver handles on a casket of steel
Reflecting sunlight...cold and unreal...
Hushed phone calls litter the day, and
Arouse my curiosity. Mum looks tired.
MARK you not yon sad procession;
'Mid the ruin'd abbey's gloom,
Weasel words
with easy starts
He showed me to a room
With dimmed lights and
The funeral procession drove past my house
I bowed my head and I was quite as a mouse,
The Rose was sick, and smiling died;
And, being to be sanctified,
Eight Parts of Speech this Day wear Mourning Gowns
Declin'd Verbs, Pronouns, Participles, Nouns.
She collected the deceased from the mortuary
She washed the body down seeing the body peacefully free
Then died, lamented, in the strength of life,
A valued mother, and a faithful wife:
Ye sigh not when the sun, his course fulfilled,
His glorious course, rejoicing earth and sky,
What! and not one to heave the pious sigh!
Not one whose sorrow-swoln and aching eye
The muffled drum rolled on the air,
Warriors, with stately step, were there;
I.
Thus long my grief has kept me dumb:
Рояль, будильник, телефон
Заткнутся  к черту.
18th November 1852
“VICTORY!”
sitting alone with nowhere to go
ignoring the static from the radio
Thou too art dead, ---! very kind
Hast thou been to me in my childish days,
You told me the song to play at your funeral
As if I can think that far ahead
uncle john badly wants
to be the president  of
big smile
finger wags at sister
i get a funny feeling
it comes for deep in side
Taking my little concerns and miniature
plans too seriously instead of laughing
Beautifully
you enter the room
Oldie is dreamy
Really it is funny
all the money
to the last penny
Welcome to the Colosseum
Where pain is pleasure and it is our pleasure to be of service
There once was a sister,
who loved to kiss her mister.
In the good old system,
It was the usual custom,
adria moya, hmm you do not like your name to be written in the poem
the problem with me is that
Damn the skirt that had me fell.
Never drool at bawdy damsels,
Its simply the best.
Chemistry's betther than all the rest
Na Chmistry hoti na main Student hota
Na yeah Lab hoti Na Yeah Accident Hota
I didn't chop my fingers.
They're just short and pink and fat.
Down on the Funny Farm
where some say I was born
sometimes busy is good usually
I have very busy been recently
hei, hei, hei, hei,
heih, heih, heih, heih,
I need to ask a question
While I'm sitting here alone
I didn't write this poem, but think its AWESOME! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Its funny how hello is always followed with goodbye,
it's funny how hello is always accompanied with goodbye
it's funny how good memories can start to make you cry
Funny am I
How at this point of my life
Its funny how hello is alway accompanied with goodbye,
Its funny how good memories can start to make you cry.
exhaustion fell on this dread,
like mold on these piano keys,
Sisters and brothers you belong together
Although you pray, mostly you play
Once, there was a white cat
Who was really, really fat
I used to complain
About my big funny looking feet
I bought a piece yesternight
A shining paperweight
Friend
You and I are friends
Would you like life to be a movie?
Which film would you choose?
It is funny, isn't it,
how fast one can go
Ball on
Ground...
Happy Morning kids, I said
Monday morning sir, they giggled
Were born, work hard at school, then work
hard for a family. Everything is right or
There once was a man named Guss
He really wanted to be famous
He told us funny Jokes and entertained us when we felt down almost in Tears
Funny men
I want to untwine
my youthful body aches
grassy fields full of frisbees
and dogs, mom and dad
Sometimes you get laugh
For something that really funny
we have friends who during a
party ask us
▒ ▒ ▒ ▒ ▒ ▒ ▒ ▒ ▒ ▒ ▒ ▒ ▒ ▒
Scratch here to read the poem.: DWhen you are in love
And you get abit older
Funny you should say,
That the world is spining,
Funny is laughter
Funny is fun
It's funny how hello is always accompanied with goodbye
It's funny how good memories can start to make you cry
It's funny how
You make me cry,
It's funny how you said you loved me, then you left me for someone else.
It's funny how you would talk to me as often as possible, and now you completely ignore me.
Here we go, another spell,
tell me can you smell the smell?
There are many funny things
that people take with them,
The other day
I woke up feeling low
Funny things that happen quite often to me,
Like going shopping for slippers, and come home without;
She had been a late and only child to parents
already old and set; none of us had ever
Believe me, I run from dying
I know, it's so dumb, but funny trying
Funny how the very ones who
say they carry the light, also
345
Funny—to be a Century—
GOD MADE STEAK
GOD MADE SNAKES
People say there is nothing funnier then laughter
You can even chuckle some long hours after
How funny it would be if dreamy I
Should leave one book behind me when I die
How to make you funny?
And you are always funny,
i am funny
i cry upon hearing the pleas
I find it kinda funny
I find it kinda sad
I had a funny dream,
about a marshmallow ball...
I am fuuny
thats who am i
In the butterfly
Where's the butter in the fly?
Many people are involved in a so-called monetary unjust,
With a hoop and a holler, turning a minor into a major fuss,
Isn’t it funny how all of a sudden you care
But when we were together you were never there
Isn't it funny
when people flick their hair and look
Think about it
Isn't it funny?
isn't it funny,
how the world likes to be?
Its funny how hello is always accompanied with good-bye
Its funny how remembering good memories can make you cry
Its Funny...
When im happy I have a bad day
It's funny how the ones who show you the most love,
Are often the ones who say it the least
it's funny how hello is always finished with goodbye
it's funny how good memories can make you cry
You broke my heart
So many times
I had a little puppy dog,
He was Jully the funny dog,
For two lovebirds, I met a Stratford on Avon
With the first initials D & T
Santa goes into his son`s room to wish him goodnight. His son is having a nightmare - Santa wakes him and asks his son if he is OK? The son replies he is scared because he dreamt that his aunt had died. Santa assures the son that Auntie is fine and sends him to bed.
The next day, Auntie dies. One week later, Santa again goes into his son`s room to wish him goodnight. His son is having another nightmare - Santa again wakes his son. The son this time says that he had dreamt that his grandmother had died. The father assures the son that she is fine and sends him to bed.
I do not believe in money
I believe not in money money funny
There once was an old Irish Setter,
So ugly that no one would pet her,
'Love in vain? '
she whispers to herself.
My daddy’s so funny; always making me laugh
But, he’s the best daddy anybody could have
Love makes many lose temper
Others get hurt
The storm seemed
to run out of breath
It's not funny when
you laugh and call
It is not only funny
But very astonishing and clumsy
I'm thinking of something Funny
And it looks a little Runny
Tears come in funny places
when you least expect them too.
A server was a man with drinks
A Notebook was where you write
'Twas a Funny Little Fellow
Of the very purest type,
why do popes wear funny little hats
litlle and round
You used to say
'Dreams never comes true'
Oxymorons are 2 contradicting words,
Now tell me, isn't that absurd?
Isn't life funny sometimes?
The ups, the downs,
he's been waiting for this his whole life...
he's wanted her for a long time...
Past times are strange
Sometimes funny
When olive branch, we show the world,
They think, our weakened stage has come,
Something's wrong with me
Or them
an unceasing  flush
a toddler waving bye-bye,
abbreviation
Big Unexpected Nose cut
Seems everyone just hates to see me change
But my brain feels maimed with no ambition of fame
With two white roses on her breasts,
White candles at head and feet,
The plums tasted
sweet to the unlettered desert-tribe girl-
THAT crazed girl improvising her music.
Her poetry, dancing upon the shore,
a girl named hate
stood at heavens gate
The tree has entered my hands,
The sap has ascended my arms,
A girl sang a song in the temple's chorus,
About men, tired in alien lands,
Deserted by love
In the summertime,
One Sunday morning I hurried on my way
And I arrived at my church ready to worship and pray
Wow! I would love a girl,
a girl who is an individual,
I may not weep, not weep, and he is dead.
A weary, weary weight of tears unshed
Listen, and when thy hand this paper presses,
O time-worn woman, think of her who blesses
Abandoned to sadistic streets,
A school room of sullen tears,
Children of the future age,
Reading this indignant page,
She was weeping when we met
Outside a party store
I quietly walk immense, lonely streets
And think of a sullen girl
Go, go, my naughty girl, and kiss
Your little sister dear;
No one worth possessing
Can be quite possessed;
Praise the spells and bless the charms,
I found April in my arms.
"She's pretty to walk with,
And witty to talk with,
A wonderful joy our eyes to bless,
In her magnificent comeliness,
Dark eyes accented by black hair,
she is an Asian girl
Some say I may just be
Stretching my wings.
Dark clouds had just burst into rain,
I was alone, travelling in the train.
I need a combat-ready girl
Who knows that the world
On this rolling planet ever have you seen
A home so like a palace waiting for its queen? --
your screaming while she sits there.
I bet you dont know that shes soaking it all in.
Thank you--she is my friend
It's a rare positive
As the young woman remembers her childhood
She begins to cry,
Always in my mind
I can see my daddy's face
One day,
Dogs will laugh
Her hero's gone away,
Will he come back another day?
You will come one day in a waver of love,
Tender as dew, impetuous as rain,
Flavius, unless your delights
were tasteless and inelegant,
My sweet little girl should be cheerful and mild
She must not be fretful and cry!
It’s holiday time on the hollyhock hills,
And I wish you would come with me laddie-love, now,
They intend to send a wire
To the moon;
Sunday, I am eating a
grapefruit, church is over at the Russian
Alone in that desolate cemetery
Not a single soul around
That's my window. This minute
So gently did I alight
Girl, why don't you dry those tears
You have so much to live for
Girl, when I look at your eyes
I see all of your genuine charms
Go girl you're in the business world now;
you have a career, children, and a husband. You've come a long way girl—from woman suffrage.
Now, money was scarce and work was slack
And love to his heart Crept in,
Varus drags me into his affairs
out of the Forum, where I’m seen idling:
DEDICATED TO LUCY BATES
(Being a reminiscence of certain private theatricals.)
Ah, she was music in herself,
A symphony of joyousness.
576
I prayed, at first, a little Girl,
I see the girl of innocence
that you at one time were.
I was that girl...in the shadows
of an ever-dying love.
I'm just a girl, a hopeless case.
Living in the world a familier place.
You subjected her to a night of hell
Hey! Did you know?
Little girl don't you cry, everything will be ok
Little girl confide in me, I'll make your fears go away
In a world of barbies, implants and a size 26 waist
heartache's no more prevalent than in her with a beautiful face.
I've seen you many times in many places--
Theater, bus, train, or on the street;
Only a dancing girl,
With an unromantic style,
1     Our hired girl, she's 'Lizabuth Ann;
2       An' she can cook best things to eat!
The poor young girl
with beach blonde hair
YOU just maturing youth! You male or female!
Remember the organic compact of These States,
I would liken you
To a night without stars
Her lips' remark was: "Oh, you kid!"
Her soul spoke thus (I know it did):
Cabbage tree, cabbage tree, what is the matter?
Why are you shaking so?  Why do you chatter?
Sparrow, the special delight of my girl,
whom often she teases and holds on her lap
My eyes first caught her across the street
She looked like someone I'd fancy to meet
You’re the sweetest girl I ever met
Beautiful eyes like a rising sunset
That pretty girl--
munching and rustling
Kind Christians, pray list to me,
And I'll relate a sad story,
So you rode from the range where your brothers “select,”
Through the ghostly grey bush in the dawn---
Seven sweet singing birds up in a tree;
Seven swift sailing ships white upon the sea;
She wasn't the least bit pretty,
And only the least bit gay;
My tree will know it all
the tree of my childhood
the girl inside has a fear,
of what the girl inside holds so dear,
Spring rides no horses down the hill,
But comes on foot, a goose-girl still.
She is free of the trap and the paddle,
The portage and the trail,
A week ago; only a little week:
it seems so much much longer, though that day
She, under her
Big smile stows
once upon a time there was a little girl.
she liked to sit outside at night and talk to the moon.
All the night in woe,
Lyca's parents go:
In futurity
I prophesy see.
It was biting cold, and the falling snow,
Which filled a poor little match girl's heart with woe,
I.
Dark was the dawn, and o'er the deep
I've often thought that headstrong youths
Of decent education,
I'm looking for a girl who's right for me,
One who knows how to talk intelligently,
The sun goes down, and with him takes
The coarseness of my por attire;
Look upon this face, what do you see
A Girl with wondering eyes and a dancing soul
Back of my back, they talk of me,
Gabble and honk and hiss;
There is a girl inside.
She is randy as a wolf.
There was a little girl,
Who had a little curl,
This Girl In The Dark
Has a beautiful face without a name
She huddles against the dirty wall
hugging it ever so tight;
.   Sweet Highland Girl, a very shower
Of beauty is thy earthly dower!
AND has my darling told a lie?
Did she forget that GOD was by?
There is no way to explain
Unending sorrow and grief,
When the sklll'd fashioner of female faces
Designed your mask, he wrought with cunning fist,
MY dear, my dear, I know
More than another
Vermeer's little girl, now famous
watches me. A pearl watches me.
Where do you go, girl,
when you fall asleep?
World-weary girl,
Tears form in your eyes,
So, watch this space
there will be more,
Your world is fragile glass
Every day breaking like bones
The devil twinkling of an eye,
The shape, the look of you,
Wilt thou forgive that sin where I begun,
Which was my sin, though it were done before?
For all the mysteries, engines, instruments, wherewith the world is filled, which we are able to frame and use to thy glory.
For all the trades, variety of operations, cities, temples, streets, bridges, mariner's compass, admirable picture, sculpture, writing, printing, songs and music; wherewith the world is beautified and adorned.
Lord, thou hast given me a cell,
Wherein to dwell;
Here is the shadow of truth, for only the shadow is true.
And the line where the incoming swell from the sunset Pacific
All roads that lead to God are good.
What matters it, your faith, or mine?
147
Bless God, he went as soldiers,
“There, but for the grace of God, goes…”
There is a question that I ask,
Can God? God can!
Can God? God can!
'My sheep hear My voice'
Christ did say, 'and I know them
That lover of a night
Came when he would,
There are only two possibilities
God the result of imagination
That my heart was right with thee,
And lov'd thee with a perfect love!
Of old our father's God was real,
Something they almost saw,
FLOWER god, god of the spring, beautiful, bountiful,
Cold-dyed shield in the sky, lover of versicles,
A nasty surprise in a sandwich,
A drawing-pin caught in your sock,
God and the soldier
All men adore
God bless our native land,
Land of the newly free,
I towered far, and lo! I stood within
The presence of the Lord Most High,
God-Full-of-Mercy, the prayer for the dead.
If God was not full of mercy,
God gave a loaf to every bird,
But just a crumb to me;
GOD gave to me a child in part,
Yet wholly gave the father's heart:
From the depth of slumber,
As I ascend the spiral stairway of wakefulness,
God has pity on kindergarten children,
He pities school children -- less.
A degree is not a measure of writing,
A degree is not the knowledge,
GOD Lyaeus, ever young,
Ever honour'd, ever sung,
442
God made a little Gentian—
God moves in a mysterious way
His wonders to perform;
God of love, whose truth and grace
Reach unbounded as the skies,
God of mercy, God of grace,
Show the brightness of Thy face:
I
Thou who hast made thy dwelling fair
God permit industrious angels
Afternoons to play.
In his malodorous brain what slugs and mire,
Lanthorned in his oblique eyes, guttering burned!
THOUGHT of the Infinite--the All!
Be thou my God.
God scatters beauty as he scatters flowers
O'er the wide earth, and tells us all are ours.
Hallowed be Thy name
Hallowed be Thy name we do proclaim
O great heart of God,
Once vague and lost to me,
I would to God, that mine old age might have
Before my last, but here a living grave;
Wilt thou love God, as he thee? then digest,
My Soule, this wholsome meditation,
Since I am coming to that holy room,
Where, with thy choir of saints for evermore,
Ye thirsty for God, To Jesus give ear,
And take, through his blood, A power to draw near;
God, the offended God most high,
Ambassadors to rebels sends;
I sometimes wonder if the mighty God
Cares aught about the little deeds of men;
The kingdom of God is within you
O world invisible, we view thee,
One may ask, 'Is there a God? '
For me there can be no doubt
Know God
Trust God.
Late came the God, having sent his forerunners who were
not regarded--
Love is God and God is love
"Love is God and God is love" all may say
Who hath constructed the elements
And their atoms' configuration?
Though with gods the world is cumbered,
Gods unnamed, and gods unnumbered,
My God is an awesome God
My God is an awesome God
My God! O let me call Thee mine!
Weak wretched sinner though I be,
I thirst, but not as once I did,
The vain delights of earth to share;
Nearer, my God, to Thee,
Nearer to Thee!
Now, God be thanked Who has matched us with His hour,
And caught our youth, and wakened us from sleeping,
O God! Thou art my God alone;
Early to Thee my soul shall cry;
O Spirit of the living God,
In all Thy plenitude of grace,
Where are you? Our dear father,
We call you without sure bother.
It's not money that makes you evil
But the love of it that's wrong
Of all the gods that gave me all their glories
To-day there deigns to walk with me but one.
God is our father, God is lover,
Go is our mother, God is life,
People of the living God,
I have sought the world around;
My God, how many are my fears!
How fast my foes increase!
Great God, whose universal sway
The known and unknown worlds obey,
Will God for ever east us off?
His wrath for ever smoke
God is the refuge of his saints,
When storms of sharp distress invade;
Now plead my cause, Almighty God,
With all the sons of strife;
Servants of God, in joyful lays,
Sing ye the Lord Jehovah’s praise;
SINCE thou hast given me this good hope, O God,
That while my footsteps tread the flowery sod
The little love god lying once asleep
Laid by his side his heart-inflaming brand,
That god forbid, that made me first your slave,
I should in thought control your times of pleasure,
Have trust in God and things will turn out right;
Have faith in God and mountains melt like ice;
Blest is the man who spreads the Word of God
To people who have never heard of it!
Thank God for little children,
Bright flowers by earth's wayside,
Take unto you the whole armour of God
that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day
Much wonder I--here long low-laid -
That this dead wall should be
Is it not by his high superfluousness we know
Our God? For to be equal a need
Blessed with a joy that only she
Of all alive shall ever know,
When suddenly, at midnight, you hear
an invisible procession going by
At midnight, when suddenly you hear
an invisible procession going by
The Lord God says:
'Share your bread
God is the greatest artist
To whom no one can compare,
The man's name was Jesus of Nazareth
The crime committed read: King of the Jews
There's a one-eyed yellow idol to the north of Khatmandu,
There's a little marble cross below the town;
I PASSED along the water's edge below the humid trees,
My spirit rocked in evening light, the rushes round my knees,
The laws of God, the laws of man,
He may keep that will and can;
We are children of the light
We belong not to the night
THE threefold terror of love; a fallen flare
Through the hollow of an ear;
They shall see Him in the crimson flush
Of morning's early light,
To Mohács
in the marshlands, still in the pouring rain,
I
In days when men had joy of war,
Thee, God, I come from, to thee go,
All day long I like fountain flow
"There is no God," the wicked saith,
"And truly it's a blessing,
To the little, pitiful God I make my prayer,
The God with the long grey beard
Truly My Satan thou art but a Dunce
And dost not know the Garment from the Man
Trust in God
He will lead you through
God makes, He breaks!
God gives, He takes!
Vote us oh God, dear God,
Rate us oh God, dear God,
(Genesis, v.24)
Oh! for a closer walk with God,
When God opens Heaven's gates
As we cross that gulf so wide,
Waves of strength
Surging in You and Me
A puzzle together
a puzzle apart
May Graduation Day fill your heart
With feelings of accomplishments this day,
Happy Graduation Day to you!
At last you've completed this journey.
J-ust let the twilight pass;
H-aze and mist fade away;
Congratulate Kelly, on your graduation.
After four years of studies, you graduated from Dental school!
Congratulation!
Your new pride and elation:
Like children in fear
Of their innocence lost
Time to leave the ivory tower
We shall climb higher and look further
With cap and gown
And scroll in your hand,
As we look back,
At what we have done,
Graduation is coming faster then you know
soon it will be may and we will all be alone
Mmm I wanna linger
Mmm A little longer
This is my graduation class
and I have bunked quite a few of them.
graduation here i come,
as my life comes and goes,
A day to part
Away from scholarly books
Twelve years we have worked for this
day after day, year after year
C-ommencement program
J-ust starts to confer degrees,
Four years may seem a fleeting moment
Leading towards a Commencement
Putting on a gown,
Heading into town.
As you drive away
I wave goodbye,
He has triumphed the rough and rugged road
and the obstacles that lay therein.
Graduation Day is the climax of a dream.
A parental dream that began when a child is born,
The more I look back on all the happy times
the easier it is for me to realize
Memories float among the abyss,
As hearts smile with joy,
The moment it is realized,
A chip long carried on your shoulder
The women ran
screaming like goats
Graduation day
Today is our graduation
Today's the day we honor you, send love and blessings too.
Our prayers for you to know true joy through what you say and do.
As the years in our lives pass by,
We come closer to our lives so gatsby,
Graduation Day
sweat and mothballs
Graduation day
Is a long awaited day
White highlighted by purple and gold
upon our arrival, we nervously walked through the threshold
perhaps it is true
too much love can kill
Graduation is a huge step
Not only for you
Is it all over?
Where did all the years went to?
Go, Erik Go. You are walking in the spotlight of stars tonight, at County
College of Morris Twenty-eighth Commencement Celebration rite. How exhilarating your mother feels? Words fail to justify this night. But, my heart
at the graduation
all the flowers
People are happy...
People think they are everything...
A gentleman or so he seemed
A graduation present was his need
After many years of life and varied experience for me
I wish to leave a few words for you to record in your memory
Twelve years we have worked for this
day after day, year after year
The award of diploma
Is every student's desire;
Sudden changes in the weather
Has you trying to hold it together.
It’s finally here,
Graduation day is finally here.
Two years and I'll be gone.
Being a sophomore is rather boring.
It's coming,
I can feel it.
12 years of school and now it's close to ending
I'm going to miss all my friends
Look upon a finished life.
There's nothing left recalled.
Finished contemplating
cap list tassle proud
Walks down the halls one last time,
knowing it is the last time,
Graduation
Exciting, Emotional
We have been here for years,
And now it’s time to go.
GRADUATION
Melvin Banggollay
I couldn’t wait to leave this place
The moment has arrived and I have tears streaming down my face.
The night
before your graduation
we'll heap gardenias on the stage
and sing together only the true songs
Graduation...
It seems so long ago
Six years have past
You finally done last
Have never faced challenge so gross
Once was a thing to rejoice
It's a time top rejoice on all your achievements
it's a time to look back on what you have done
In the university of love,
Undergoing graduation course
The more I look back on all the happy times
The easier it is for me to realize
Before, you were a child.
Trying to know everything
Graduation
Is it a a happy event
Graduation Day is the climax of a
dream.
Memories
Emotional, Labour
The huge corsage of mums
Was a cruel joke
A puzzle together
a puzzle apart
Graduations are for those selected few.
Relax your future is in view.
When we got through our scholastic years
And have returned to youthful stomping grounds
You’ve completed a task
Set four long, hard years ago
He he he
Passed my degree.
It's the hour of the graduation,
hope soars beyond imagination,
Caps, gowns, tassels, shrouds
Seniors finally wear them
This evening at another Granddaughter's graduation, this one from
high school with honors, student government, being a well-rounded
Little Brother
No longer small
I waited for too long, guarded with much expectation
swings my life through rise and fall, until I conquer the
Today you are graduating and getting ready for college,
To learn new things, to receive more knowledge.
Sun setting before us, blazing gently against our eyes,
multitudes sitting, awaiting their son's and daughter's
It's graduation!
A day supposed to be the happiest
You will march today to mark the end
of your midnight candles before books,
Graduates - go forth and think positively about the future,
Even though the world is an unpredictable place
We were so proud of Lindsay
On her graduation day
Lisa, today you’ve made us proud,
Proud, as proud can be,
The heart leads back to Graduation Day,
to speakers addressing the graduates below,
And some time later in the lingering
blaze of summer, in the first days
Only a a good student of love obtains graduation degreeA journey to remember
A trip so Full of laughter
Happy Graduation Day,
And what better nation is there than America for Graduation,
Sitting high upon the bleachers to get a good view of the made-up
stage.
ON YOUR GRADUATION DAY
(To my child, Melly Rose)
We often live reminiscing the past
as another graduation day comes around.
The path of life before them lies
as elated graduates take stride.
No need to be confined in a net of knitted straws
no need to be afraid of lightning and thunders of the clouds
I'M not kicking on expenses, now the sewing time commences,
I will buy chiffon and laces till they say they've got enough;
Graduation, an aspiration
An empowerment and a pathfinder
A girl who is seventeen,
A girl who is Rory Gilmore,
Upon her graduation from law school
i see that picture
does much to serve the good that we receive'
When embarking upon the pulpit
This morning going to my Granddaughter's kindergarten graduation,
her little eyes and face lit up like a lantern, smiling beautifully,
Furious attacks by Nature as earthquakes and storms,
Heart breaking scenes, are horrible imprints in mind!
Long ago in a far away land
Ruled a evil King with a strong hand
Humans always in craze for wealth
For accumulation of wealth he runs fast
Greediness for sensual pleasures -
Most obnoxious and low!
The money greed is not a simple greed.
Yes! One needs money to live,
The most vicious and dangerous
Is the power greed!
We have to remember that
'We eat to live - not live to eat.'
atmosphere
provide
Since time immemorial man lives in harmony with Nature;
But with the scientific inventions and technological progress
It's long since I stopped believing in human wisdom.
Long since I stopped distinguishing wisdom of the old - and
A food bubble ready to burst?
Cuz speculators on Wall Street
There is love and fear
only two diving boards
The history of Earth dates back to millions of years ago,
When a perfect engineer, ‘the God’, created this world.
Oh this vain world, gigabytes of greed seized,
With more ever the more, less and less pleased,
You are unseen but also captured
In minds of many you are featured,
God don't give me greed
Give me more hope and sweet dreams
He wanted to study, but he was forced to work,
He had to earn for his family, this, he could not shirk.
Spat out of the mouth of Satan
Comes forth a needy demon
Although America did not invent greed
It certainly made renovations when it purchased that institute
You enter with greed;
You exit with fear.
Greed                                                                  Is                                                                    A disease, but                                                          One's avarice                                                         Is an ugly sickness, so                                                There are                                                              People                                                                Who are                                                               Greedy                                                                 Anywhere and                                                            Everywhere.Greed...  Is half of humanity, the other is money. Could humans fix the corrupted senses of it's own soul, and heal the mental outer body of our full self? No we can't because that's what makes us human. Money will never buy one enternal happiness, but is money serving as a distraction to further intelligence or is it just all life is and will be. Greed and money will always be there, but it's up to us to control it.Greed and obsession
Money has lot more roles to play
Greed breeds greed
First add and then,
Vultures
Perched in office
Can you sleep
Knowing that
Greed for unjust gain!
Corruption in the country,
This is what many fall in trap of it is greed
For many desires it originates does breed.
Greed Is Out
Greed is out,
Greed is the biggest threat to our civilization
It destroys families and it can bring down the nations
Like never before.
Ever before.
Early bird gets the worm
In her greed eats too much
'You're my very good friend' she said
We have so much in common...
I pour blue water from my pen
To bask in wilderness, a thirsty page
.....Might....life exist
Through sake of chance
Grasping hands
of the powers that be
With pain in neck he walked around,
all alone with just a frown.
Limited is the need,
Unlimited is the greed,
Greed is a twin of graveyard
Its never says enough
I find it impossible to understand
How greed and power destroy nations
Evil spews
like a waterfall of hate
More and more
is today's motto
Greed!
Creed of evil acts;
Catch the sun
And lock into the cell
The predecessors of humans lived in forests
The hunter gatherers they fought with nature and wild
When I watch folks of this world and see how widespread
It is for those, that pile up treasure and put on fat, to chafe
Greed is such a simple word
Yet rob so many of what they heard
The world's wrapped up in politics and loves big finance too
I find it quite depressing in large quantities, it's true
Where there is a need
There is always greed
Greed does not fill
the emptiness felt inside
Greed
Greedy
Let me dive into the
crystal water of the
My ocean town struggles
to pick up leaves,
End of life was in tune
Melody that swings somewhere
Love and Let Live,
Is all we should desire,
I dream a scene
Where a baby falls asleep
I hang from the top shelf of a hard life
like a dusty and old lambrequin
Greed  is  fire
its flare is strong
As you grow up in this world,
the facts and stories that were untold slowly unfold.
haggard souls rushing
overspending—overspent
Greed eats the soul, wastes
Life, naked, penniless that’s
The love of self,
of our earthly wealth
Human power and greed
Saturday,28th September 2019
Rarely will one find a place of wealth
where hypocrisy, greed and deceit
A gun in the hand, a bomb in a bag,
Hundred lives, hundred souls in death to drag;
Knowledge teaches us
How much  is our need
That feeds
Alone for some ideas
I win
You lose
God fashioned man out of earth
In His image and breathed life into him
Miss Reid's Speed Seeds Misread Red Weed Barrow Greed Screed
So much depends upon callow Monsanto’s
A man of prosperity
He was having dexterity
The greed of every human stands naked when it come to sacrifice.People with petty greed ~ how much do they get
Not all people have big-sized greeds
No place for greed
Sunday,27th May 2018
Greed of all kinds, specially for power n’ pelf
Drive men to play many a mischief
Roll down hopes from highest of a crest,
Good enough better be than the best,
Of greed and corruption we are all too aware
It's happening in your suburb and the big World out there
Of Human greed in these tough times we read of and we hear
Company C E O's not paid in thousands but in millions every year
In the past we felt there was a need for greed
we felt that in order to make it and succeed
Greed has for no time any verse
It has only curse and curse
Greed is certainly a disease                                          That is risky, absurd, and gloomy                                     Simply because it makes someone on                                    The wrong path all his life...                                       It kills one's inner feelings and                                     One's pretty emotions anytime...                                     There is only that distrust between                                   The greedy behavior of a sick person                                  Who looks only for his selfish benefit anytime and others...                    Greed itself is the biggest evil ever                                 Simply because it kills that pretty spirit                            Inside us anytime, anywhere, and everywhere.                         _________________________________________________ _____________________because politics by
nature is greedy
Some of us think they are too powerful
They can smash the mountain
Reed, greed!
Greed like a pride is the curse of mankind;
To put in poetry
a report on greed in New Zealand,
walking the greying streets,
between the broken down
The man whose riches satisfy his greed
Is not more rich for all those heaps and hoards
Need is a desire; greed is a desire.
Desires denied, sufferings surface.
I spread my greed as a tree  spreads  its root
Deep and wide into the ground, straight
GREED
Nature’s bowl so full
If you could know how much I make,
I'm sure to see you blush!
As long as his dreams are alive,
Sure, he has a fair chance to survive,
Greed is black in color.
It is selfish in every aspect.
When Greed Outstrips Needs (A Rondel of 13 lines)
When outstripped are our needs by Greed
Through windows' widely open frame
Two robins once to my house came
I established lead
But failed to read
Food grains by ants ferried,
Honey by bees carried,
Subliminal messages
in a world of greed
One you bought
A beautiful one
The demon speaks to me.
He writes all these squiggly lines.
High-rise feelings walk in the morning
Southern tempest smells reminiscence
Dreaming of the man with beautiful green eyes,
I dream of me sleeping in his arms where I lie,
Ages ago,
he converted
mId-solVed ANti-mass
green beaver’s apPArition
One Sunday morning I hurried on my way
And I arrived at my church ready to worship and pray
Not, exactly, green:
closer to bronze
Today I saw the first small signs
of Mother Natures Spring Designs.
Yet the golden bell
when tune wakes up from the sorrow
Before the first ray of sunlight
on a frosty winter morn.
Across the green fields
Up on the bluffs
All that's in green
And between
Not "a youth with hoary head and haggard eye,"
But an old man with a smooth skin
It was on Kerrydale Street that I did meet
A pretty young girl from Dublin Town,
As through the wild green hills of Wyre
The train ran, changing sky and shire,
Being Young and Green, I said in love's despite:
Never in the world will I to living wight
Lying within the soft waxy grass,
My eyes gently close.
A racist who was loud and mean
arrived with buddies on the scene.
What comes to my mind when I see a green wall?
A green wall reminds me of the grass so green
NOT alone those camps of white, O soldiers,
When, as order'd forward, after a long march,
HIS DREAM
I SWAYED upon the gaudy stem
It’s matter of fact that earth is going green,
From major corporations to the fluorescent household light bulb,
'Nothing gold can stay'
You said...'but why? '
Does anyone eat green bananas?
then why have them in the stores?
I prefer red chile over my eggs
and potatoes for breakfast.
On green days or blue days
how easy it is to talk with you
I hate him,
As I hate Hell and all it’s devils.
Green-Eyed Suicide
With life such a blur
By this part of the century few are left who believe
in the animals for they are not there in the carved parts
Poet, having read your words; I wanted you to know
that I can see the trees you planted as I chop down
Green grass
And blue sky
I want a holiday with a scene
Of green, green and green
Green grow the rashes, O!
Green grow the rashes, O!
1     Green groweth the holly,
2     So doth the ivy.
These days I dream of America  and they offered me the green card.
I visited to my far relatives who were living there.
It’s not the experience
—that marauds it. Though the wise
Three tall poplars beside the pool
Shiver and moan in the gusty blast,
Now sitting outside,
The refreshing wind blows
Freshly picked green mangoes
Peeled by meticulous hands
You ask me why I dwell in the green mountain;
I smile and make no reply for my heart is free of care.
goodness reasons to revel by reality
heart yet knows right path to heaven
The baby-sitter's nuts! Please listen Mom, it's true!
Last night she washed my hair with Green Onion Shampoo!
Love is blue, when lovers are in trouble ever;
Great love stories of the world are so and are
Green is the colour of the mangroves at my holiday batch
Green is the feeling of happiness
Green are the valleys
green are the fields
The dawn was apple-green,
The sky was green wine held up in the sun,
Into the warm, inviting yellow
twists a brush loaded with blue.
i can't stand
to be away
The Armies marched with banging drums
That made ill the streams, made black the dreams.
My favorite colors are green and brown.
Green-leafed trees polka-dot our town.
what would earth be
without rain?
Shake out my pockets! Harken to the call
Of that calm voice that makes no sound at all!
Green tornado fast asleep,
Just above your forest sweep,
HOW MANY SHADES OF GREEN
How many shades of green
In a herber green asleep whereas I lay,
The birds sang sweet in the middle of the day;
IN the green and gallant Spring,
Love and the lyre I thought to sing,
In the shade of the green wood
The holly does grow,
Forty Word Poem.
My heart is yours
That summer sun, whose genial glow
Now cheers my drooping spirit so
The lush green dew that rises.
The mist that covers the lawn.
Grass is always green on the other side
But one has to know the other side, to see, weather how green the grass really is?
IN somer when the shawes be sheyne,
And leves be large and long,
Love, meet me in the green glen,
Beside the tall elm-tree,
Oh, there were fifteen men in green,
Each with a tommy-gun,
Miss Lloyd has now sent to Miss Green,
As, on opening the box, may be seen,
I see her there all day all night
With just her fingers writing her story in the air
I sit on my bed, and look across at my sage green towelling robe,
hanging on the back of the bedroom door.
Now spring has clad the grove in green,
And strew'd the lea wi' flowers;
Oh tiger green and sweetly blue
With honest eyes and very true,
If  truth be  rhymed by the trust
on the edges of the green
Here comes the saturation point
I am on the green mile
You look at me with sad green eyes,
I'm overcome with feeling-
Set me whereas the sun doth parch the green
Or where his beams do not dissolve the ice,
SMALL is the trust when love is green
In sap of early years;
So green the land that I can see
The hills and fields before my eyes,
Ye, who in alleys green and leafy bow'rs,
Sport, the rude children of fantastic birth;
Springtime’s first green is gold,
Her subtlest hue to hold,
Upon the swag of Stubbers Green
Where many ducks and wading birds
411
The Color of the Grave is Green—
The sun does arise,
And make happy the skies;
The force that through the green fuse drives the flower
Drives my green age; that blasts the roots of trees
Over the green and yellow rice-fields
sweep the shadows of the autumn
Grace unequalled in my earthly eyes,
dream when snuffles into ocean blue,
This little bowl is like a mossy pool
In a Spring wood, where dogtooth violets grow
There's a one-eyed yellow idol to the north of Khatmandu,
There's a little marble cross below the town;
The city of Auckland its roads spreading wide,
twisting and winding like webs from a spider.
BENEATH these fruit-tree boughs that shed
Their snow-white blossoms on my head,
I know a green grass path that leaves the field,
And like a running river, winds along
ALL singers have shadows
That follow like fears,
When I die,
Oh, bury me, please,
On the cheerful village green,
Skirted round with houses small,
THERE is a green hill far away,
Without a city wall,
there’s a bright patch of green
on the Table’s lap
This year,
I'm raising the emotional ante,
(To be sung to the Air of "An 'Orrible Tale.")
Oh list to this incredible tale
Who goes amid the green wood
With springtide all adorning her?
High over the white clean clouds
she serves hot coffee in the sky
Shrinking violet
orchid blooms again and grows
The Ivy grows
It climbs the wall
Glancing off to the distance, horizons set for me
There is a point where vivid green meets the deep blue of Sea
My mom would scream and run away
My plants would wither and die
A letter from abroad. I tear
Its sheathing open, unaware
One Sunday morning I hurried on my way
And I arrived at my church ready to worship and pray
A pin has a head, but has no hair;
A clock has a face, but no mouth there;
she looks like
she just came
Hills and mountains are dotted
across our landscape fair,
An old car
Moves slowly
Once you were the Queen of the fairways
Striding along ahead of the pack
An orphan saw a flower with golden hair
The sun shined her and lighted her in fully fair
Angel is a white Shih Tzu with patterns of white and gold,
Angel also comes to the names of Ang, and Angie I am told.
Angels fall and babies cry
Walking around mindlessly insane and I don't know why
Delia, the unkindest girl on earth,
When I besought the fair,
When artists wore a flowing mane,
Then, in a sentimental vein,
Bad hair day! Can you relate to this?
Is it P.M.S., hormones flaring or is it me –
Everyday is always a bad hair day for me
Mine is very curly, they told me it's kinky
Ithaca, October 1993: Jorie went on a lingerie
tear, wanting to look like a moll
Blach hair
Tangled in a thousand strands.
Days I yearn to kiss your luscious lips
Delicious lips tasting like a reddish apple
So many songs have been written about my love.
The beautiful color of my true love's hair. The hair of a powerful beauty.
I must have died a thousand times
because everytime I see you smile I go breathless
SUNDAY shuts down on this twentieth-century evening.
The L passes. Twilight and bulb define
Braid the raven hair,
Weave the supple tress,
When I’m lonely
And feel like
889
Crisis is a Hair
An earwig, brown and also shiny
sat on a river bank, alone.
Do not envy his hair
Because he is blond
Ivy ties the cellar door
in autumn, in summer morning glory
Through many a fragrant cedar grove
A darkened water moans;
Her hair
covers my face
I scrub the long floorboards
in the kitchen, repeating
Girl with the long blonde hair,
you wiped a lost tear
Dear can you help me for a while?
asked apologetically for a  good smile,
Such golden thin strings
Yeah! I am talking about your hair
`
Brown in the sun
(I have always dreamed to be bald since I was younger. But there are some things which are stopping me. But this I promise myself, I will really fulfil it sometime soon. Hope you enjoy my short poem.)
I want to cut my hair
Hair is heaven's water flowing eerily over us
Often a woman drifts off down her long hair and is lostI don't care for hair
If I was bare of hair, I wouldn't care
My hair like Jesus wore it
Hallelujah I adore it
As if we have
any answers.
Hair styles
Hair colors
Wide cheeks? Let the hair hide the ears.
Broad forehead? Let the hair spills in front.
You can grow it or cut it.
You can style it or leave it to blow in the wind.
The fun thing about being dead
is the haunting. Revenge. It's Payback Time Whoo Hoo.
The Ministry of Culture and Islamic Guidance will issue a guideline for haircuts on men.
Teheran has been busy this week first condemning a woman to death,
I shudder to think
What life would be like
O fleece, that down the neck waves to the nape!
O curls! O perfume nonchalant and rare!
The beauty of her hair bewilders me-
Pouring adown the brow, its cloven tide
I am running my fingers
Through your hair
I crave your mouth, your voice, your hair.
Silent and starving, I prowl through the streets.
I love my hair
I always toss it around in the air
My mom's hair is made of Chocolate Ice Cream.
My dad's hair is made of Mint Ice Cream.
Did I see a red hair vixen at several DSW’s?
A ‘canine’ with a fetish of shoes?
We put our heads together
(hide behind our hair)
1     I dream of Jeanie with the light brown hair,
2     Borne, like a vapor, on the summer air;
So I'm black
So I'm white
Mother, when will my hair-braid grow?
milk you said will make it grow,
Ô toison, moutonnant jusque sur l'encolure!
Ô boucles! Ô parfum chargé de nonchaloir!
I am a Phantom of the opera
My breeze it unties the air
Chief of organic Numbers!
Old Scholar of the Spheres!
1
You scream, waking from a nightmare.
Men looks
Much better
MO CAILIN ALAINN RUA
(My Beautiful Red Haired Girl)
Mother's hair has turned to silver
Her skin is all wrinkled and cold
One of your hairs fell out last night:
A piece of your life was gone without a sound.
BORGIA, thou once wert almost too august
And high for adoration; now thou ’rt dust;
In the old days of our family,
My grandmother was a young woman
Amarantha sweet and fair
Ah braid no more that shining hair!
XVIII
I never gave a lock of hair away
The light that rises from your feet to your hair,
the strength enfolding your delicate form,
I never gave a lock of hair away
To a man, dearest, except this to thee,
At midnight,
We walk
Its just one more story left untold,
But, This ones different,
One day I observed a grey hair in my head;
I plucked it right out, when it thus to me said:
So lovingly to soil she sent her roots
Now caresses the casement its lovely shoots
there is this little girls with black curly hair
flat nose, thin eyelashes, wavy goatish eyelids,
THE WISEST of the wise
Listen to pretty lies
Greet the tender grassblades by your path, and listen
While the clay-sprung grass that's fine as hair will whisper,
One day I tell her
I love her hair
There are white flowers in her hair,
blue-white stars when she laughs
Thy hue, dear pledge, is pure and bright
As in that well - remember'd night
AMARANTHA sweet and fair,
Ah, braid no more that shining hair!
I.
Amarantha sweet and faire,
Black beamy hairs, which so seem to arise
From the extraction of those eyes,
It lies before me there, and my own breath
Stirs its thin outer threads, as though beside
In this small Character is sent
My Loves eternal Monument.
Dew sate on Julia's hair,
And spangled too,
When Memory, with gentle hand,
Has led me to that foreign land
My youngest son asked me this as we were
laying around arguing whether I was going to read more than one book or not…
Go ahead and buy yourself a drink
A few more, and the pain will ease.
(written in Palilan river, Palilan Jimenez, Mis. Occ.'Philippines
just a 10 m.. away from my home.A river is located at the back my
Chords of the most beautiful song,
With my eyes, tracing the prominent
They have painted and sung
the women washing their hair,
Mommy's getting wrinkles.
Daddy has grey hair.
You wear
my kisses
Your God-gifted face,
Golden hair,
Your hair
(fine as a baby’s fine)
Your orange hair in the void of the world
In the void of these heavy panes of silence
Your strange hair, cold light,
Has pale glows and blond dullness;
loosing my hair
large wad in the brush
Your burst of laughter
An exploding waterfall
Happy is the one,
and happy is he alone
Love is so beautiful,
In love there is loss,
(dedicated to Ms. Patricia Petibon, a great soprano)
Where is happiness?
Photographs capture memories
Good and bad alike
Hypnotic beats
Melodic rhythms
There is a drunk boy in my bed and he smells.
I want him to leave so I can wash the sheets,
The happiness of others is my happiness-
Their sadness is my sadness-
Their judgment untrue
I cannot see
Behind the door of happiness hides a frown,
who’s always afraid to come out.
Greet the bright dawn with joy,
Raise your spirit to the light,
Buying a car today would be so nice!
Having a car thats old is quite alright;
I’ve never thought
In terms of happiness,
Sometimes it flutters
Gaily round my sparkling smiles
TOGETHER at the altar we
In vision oft were seen by thee,
“Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, ”
“The feeling of happiness dwells in the soul.” Aristotle  Wise
I am here with the music,
Never more to roam.
‘Does Happiness depend upon comfort? ’
The answer is definitely a big, ‘No! ’
Happiness is the way to happiness!There's a certain kind of magic,
that exists within your eyes.
Snow began to fall at ten in the evening
fine cold adamantine snow.
John had
Great Big
Happiness to gain
Happiness to win
Happiness is an experession
that is shown by love and compretion
The great stone Hall is silent
that is now millennia old.
I asked the professors who teach the meaning of life to tell
me what is happiness.
Happiness is elusive like the wind
Coming and going like migrating birds
Happiness in usually free,
for both you and me.
Happiness perhaps once had features
Of a single, compact whole,
Like a baby borne, sun rises up everyday
With the same spirit, strength
You cannot buy your happiness,
'Cause happiness is free.
What is happiness without any pain?
What is happiness without any gain?
To hear your smiles
To feel your joy
Stuff may happen that will get you down
Don't worry about it happiness will come around
Candles of faith dazzling
through the nights
Who does not like
Red of dawn, bed of sky
I've never trusted happiness.
We've never quite been friends.
There's just no accounting for happiness,
or the way it turns up like a prodigal
Happiness eludes me.
I chase after it in firsts, highs, greats, excellents.
Happiness in the dictionary pages
ricochets between
A man and a woman lie on a white bed.
It is morning. I think
Happiness is that which everyone longs
but so few of us actually get
I am no Christ, Buddha or Gandhi
Or a wandering fakir or sanyasi.
happiness is always an inside jobIt's not so much the world outside
that make us sigh or smile.
Money is not the happiness.
Happiness can't sell or buy.
Happiness is th smile that appears when your love walks through the door
It's the fact that everyday you love her even more
Being your self
Even when it's not neccesairy, when it's not
It's a beautiful day not a cloud in sight,
and all I see is the sun shinning bright,
Happiness, oh happiness,
waiting to burst forth from me,
happiness
a feeling I never thought I’d find
Sadness have strikes me
I fought harder and harder
Happiness is silent, or speaks equivocally for friends,
Grief is explicit and her song never ends,
I never had this kind of amount before
Twenty hundred dollars of salary
What's happiness really?
A smile or a laugh,
Ever again to breathe pure happiness,
So happy that we gave away our toy?
Happiness is when you have very few troubles and worries,
It's when you have no reason to say to someone you're 'Sorry'.
happiness  has  no  shore
cannot  touch, can never  reach
I have finally escaped,
to a majestic place,
Happiness,
when people ask me where I find happiness,
happiness is what i seek
happiness makes me weak.
Happiness
Is a clean bill of health from the doctor,
a wonderful emotion
a thing everyone needs to find
Should I wait for you to fall in love with me
Or should I just forget about it and let it be
IN MY OLD AGE A GREAT HAPPINESS
In my Old Age
If a wise man can be happy,
then happiness must be possible.
Let's go find that great blue yonder,
Far away from noise and rush,
I don’t give two shits anymore
all I want to do is die
life unfolding
behind the velvet curtain
Provoked Thoughts
i find myself sitting
My life's greatest happiness is to be convinced my love to you
I am grateful to you for making me happy through out my life
Happiness
Can only be found
A very frothy, cup of coffee,
My sweetheart's kiss, which is sheer bliss,
I walk in the rain,
As I think about you,
where i lost my happiness?
in the lighted corner of past,
an ode to happiness
happiness is one of the many emotions
Honey, wanna fly
Take a walk upon the steel rails – slide
Eliminating passion is not happiness.
Suppressing passion is not happiness.
Money owned by rich men
Buys temples to store their gold
One grand boulevard with trees
with one grand cafe in sun
No-one knew what subsequently became of her
after he went so dramatically, and after all those goings-on.
In Lusher park I met a young woman in her early twenties maybe
The sun was in her golden hair she said good day to me
Buying a car today would be so nice!
Having a car thats old is quite alright;
If Success was Happiness
Then achievers would be glad
787
Such is the Force of Happiness—
I want you to know, i never felt this way before,
you will see that this will be a perfect harmony.
There's a happiness, a joy
in one soul, that's been
the irony of this pursuit is this:
the more you pursue it
Over the rainbow bluebirds scatter,
Nothing's there to really matter.
Statistics tell.  You can be
independent of them, but
If happiness only lies
In a place we don't exist
Sharing each other’s hopes and dreams.
Caring about what happens to each other.
The warmth of the sun,
The touch of your hand,
Happiness is knowing,
that you are truly loved,
Cut skin,
Matching Tattoos,
A babe’s first cry, as she enters the world
Sobs of delight, greet this miracle of life
happiness
is bliss
Give and you shall receive
Plant and you shall harvest
I awakened this morning,
With a happiness attack.
Confused tired and weary,
Like white clouds above,
without a care
in the world
There was me,
my brothers; a total of three,
When I walked you home that night
The vibe was absolutely right
into the unending work line comes a new beginning
of tolerance of adverse attitude, surfing the taste of
Oh, that your lovely flesh be there for me
a thousand miles I must, on blood-stained boots
353
A happy lip—breaks sudden—
When these graven lines you see,
Traveller, do not pity me;
Most happy letters, fram'd by skilful trade,
With which that happy name was first design'd:
He had just celebrated,
with kindred friends and spirits
Bricklayer’s like to keep their spirit levels high
Joiner’s and Chippie’s will raise the rafters
Today i met a lonely girl
with a touch of magic
.   Who is the happy Warrior? Who is he
That every man in arms should wish to be?
Health is the first good lent to men;
A gentle disposition then:
Imagine, folks, he's barely up
and sits there with his coffee cup,
I take the long walk up the staircase to my secret room.
Today's big news: they found Amelia Earhart's shoe, size 9.
In a snowy little hamlet lived a boy with a short name
he was sent to the one room school in the town.
I know you will reflect
upon your life today.
Some years ago
A star was born
Every day the whole year through,
I feel grateful you are my father.
Though the timing is rather uncanny,
Happy Birthday, I say, poet Danny.
To: Denis Joe.........
How did I miss your birthday?
A prickly and wise Huckleberry
likes his Scotch so much better than Sherry.
I thank God for giving me a sweet and loving papa
Today is your 50th birthday that means so much to me
Happy Birthday to you,
Pure Poetry is a year old today,
Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday
Birthdays comes and goes in every year
but few remains with us as golden memories
Happy Birthday from us to you
May this one be the best one yet.
A limerick dedicated to HRH Prince Leonard, *    for his 79th Birthday.
A VERY  HAPPY  BIRTHDAY, DEAR  PRINCE  LEONARD! ! ! !
Happy Birthday
Blow out the candles and make one wish
How I loved you the day you were born
How I loved you growing into a beautiful woman
Yes, He gave the nod,
to the two of you then
A fringe of rushes -- one green line
Upon a faded plain;
I'll tell you what is wrong with me
I hope you will not weep
For Margot
Snow that fallest from heaven, bear me aloft on thy wings
After they had not made love
she pulled the sheet up over her eyes
Is there always a happy ending,
to every song and a story.
I'd love to wish you,
'happy everything',
And soon
we'll meet again,
My lovely kitten,
Eternity kissed,
All the smiles gather today
And hang with you
'Happy Happy birthday lisalisa'
To the 'LOVELY,
Happy Happy birthday Sasha'
To the 'LOVELIEST SUPER MODEL IN THE WORLD'
Happy Happy birthday ☆ Toadluvinlady☆ '
To the 'LOVELY, TOAD LUV IN LADY'
There's nothing wrong with me
...I'm happy
It's true that in one life
One can't achieve what he wishes,
Happy he who like Ulysses
Happy he who like Ulysses has returned
my dad hides his whiskey
in the toy closet
Happy is England! I could be content
To see no other verdure than its own;
Thousands of miles away
Once again, it's fookin' Mother's Day!
Born is A New Year!
Gone is an old year;
Happy New Year tsunami
Happy New Year hurricanes
i cant wait anymore
night getting longer forever more
On poemhunter's busy streets
your average Joe most surely meets
Happy new year,
Happy new year to you,
Go ahead and make me sad
It’s okay if it makes you happy
Happy the lab'rer in his Sunday clothes!
In light-drab coat, smart waistcoat, well-darn'd hose,
Happy the man, and happy he alone,
He who can call today his own:
The world is so full of a number of things,
I'm sure we should all be as happy as kings.I have to keep reminding myself to forget you.
Forget you and me.
I hope your happy with your life
I hope your happy with your wife
898
How happy I was if I could forget
1510
How happy is the little Stone
How still, how happy! Those are words
That once would scarce agree together;
Happy soul that free from harms
Rests within his Shepherd's arms!
Happy the man that finds the grace,
The blessing of God's chosen race,
Happy the souls to Jesus joined,
And saved by grace alone,
Happy the souls that first believed,
To Jesus and each other cleaved,
I am happy,
You are happy,
Oh! I am so happy
I am so happy at what
I'm only happy when it rains
without a cloud in the sky
Blessed be Thou for all the joy
My soul has felt today!
Move eastward, happy earth, and leave
Yon orange sunset waning slow:
Last day of school,
going to the pool.
Oh! My mama, happy mother’s day
You are the greatest mother I have ever had
oh yes, i'm so happy
cause i get to hear your lies
Happy the man to whom his God
No more imputes his sin,
535
She's happy, with a new Content—
How can I then return in happy plight
That am debarred the benefit of rest?
A happy family is one blessed by God!
Both parents slog all life for their children;
Your birthday is a special day to you,
That brings fond memories of your earthly birth,
Happiness. Can’t say I’ve ever had it.
Once I met a gleaming happy person,
Happy in sleep, waking content to languish,
Embracing clouds by night; in daytime, mourn;
Another birthday, God has given you;
’Tis time you thought about your age and health;
Sweet dreams and happy memories,
A love that's good and true;
How happy is he born or taught,
That serveth not another's will;
I saw this day sweet flowers grow thick --
But not one like the child did pick.
AFTER these vernal rains
That we so warmly sought,
It's when the birds go piping and the daylight slowly breaks,
That, clamoring for his dinner, our precious baby wakes;
Into the rose gold westland, its yellow prairies roll,
World of the bison's freedom, home of the Indian's soul.
O FAR away, and far away,
The Happy Islands lie;
Oh, come with me to the Happy Isles
In the golden haze off yonder,
THERE'S many a strong farmer
Whose heart would break in two,
MARTIAL, the things that do attain
The happy life be these, I find:--
THE woods of Arcady are dead,
And over is their antique joy;
To be happy
Is to be happy with oneself.
I want to speak of happy things,
Like flying on love's wings,
Bring back my email,
Lordy, bring it back.
Are you happy right now or sad?
Are you bitter about your present condition?
Why can't I be happy
when the world is at my door?
The strong-girl of our home!
She did the hardest chores;
When did you cease to love, then hate, yourself?
What terrible event? How long ago?
I hate the way you tease me,
I hate the way you walk.
I hate how you left me without any sign,
I hate that you moved on without saying goodbye,
I hate myself for hurting you
The pain and heartache i put you through
a girl named hate
stood at heavens gate
Reality and not the dreams
It has to be like sun beams
It’s a love hate relationship
It’s been like this from the start
Is it getting clearer...
For those who fear to be themselves.
If this is a game of hide and seek,
I’m over here.
Is it best that I not love neighbors
because I don't love my self
Daddy, I hate you
Daddy, I love you
I am writing this alive and with a fever,
'cause I needs to sweat out the virus
Have I ever hurt you?
Hit you?
Love is not hate
Hate is not the answer to everything
Don't you just hate it when you lose control?
You try so hard to keep your mouth shut
.................Of this I know
as sky triumphs over rain,
Hard is the love couples share as they try to reveal the love they share-
The words aren't there, hard to find, hard to seek. Love is hard and also blind when you try to hide,  and when you know its there.
Just think of hate
Consciously relate
drive me crazy
make me insane
Hate is a feeling that boils with rage.
Hate is a feeling you lose with age.
Hate by my side,
Wagging his tail
Suferring is what i come from
Suffering is what ill cause
There once was a little swine
he was partial to blueberry wine
Hate me when I hate myself
Hate me when I love myself
I try to hide
But you just keep finding me
My enemy came nigh,
And I
Has nothing
Anticipates loss
I hate the way you make me cry
Tying knots around me
I had a bitter enemy,
His heart to hate he gave,
Somewhere, it must have happened first,
The fear, the anger,
I hate myself for this
I hate this person I've become
They say hate is another fear
A fear to not love
there is so much hate,
and not enough joy
I hate those who hate,
I hate myself for not knowing what to hate,
You run through my life...
and took me away from my world...
Hate yourself, cut
Hate yourself, starve
I started out expressing my thoughts...
pouring out my heart and soul
I
ate
I was born a righteous man
Just like you, I'm a loving man
i dont hate you
like i should
I had no time to hate, because
The grave would hinder me,
Ouch, to cut my finger...
Pain and blood spills and does longly stay and linger.
I hate diplomacy
Hands are of no use tying,
i hate it when u look at me
i hate it when u smile ur smile
I hate it when you look at me
I hate it when you smile
I hate my life and don't ask why
Cause you might think its just a lie
Sad and lonely
Depressed
I hate that you fooled me
With your infectios smile
I hate,
hate that I can't trust
I hate the way you look at me,
And the way you stand and stare,
I hate the way you look at me
I hate the way you care
I hate the way you act
I hate the way you dress
Please spare me your secrets
I am not your best friend
Down my street and through the city lives a little slut that I really pity
She lies and  steals and is whore to the heart
I hate that you left me
I have that I fell for you
I hate the way you treat me
I hate that everything is how you want it to be
A crime is a crime no matter how you cut it,
A murder is a murder, a rape is a rape,
I hate my mom
i hate the way she doesn't call
no one usually likes the word goodbye.
its a painful word.
I hate to fly
And do you know why
You used to call me your sunshine
And you used to be really fine
I’m tearing in two
And I’m not sure what to do
I am so scared, finding it hard to breath,
my heart beats so fast, I want it to stop.
my tears are flowing like a rain,
when am trying to catch that love train,
I hate you
I hate that you left me stand stupid for so long
I hate the way i hate you
I hate the way i love you
i hate you kyle
and i love josh
I hate you
I hate you
This poem is to my father. It's a long story, but this is how I feel and this is my way of helping myself feel better after what he did....
I know everyone says hate is a strong word
You make me weak.
You make me feel dirty and sick.
I was walking through
Sunlit and lonely Melvindale,
I love you
And I hate you for it.
I truly do hate the news
It's full of half truths
I want to know what hate is
I want you to show me
Let such pure hate still underprop
Our love, that we may be
Am i to be loved by you a day,
and lost for your heart the other?
Love me
For what I am
Love and Hate are four letter
words that tells lies and that
Ope not thy lips, thou foolish one,
Nor turn to me thy face;
whom i love strongly is you...
whom i hate strongly too is you...
I love you, I hate you
But your always on my mind
Am I sick cos I hate to hate you,
You made me hate you,
Am I sick cos I hate to hate you,
You made me hate you,
It’s almost midnight on a Tuesday.
he sits on his bed and thinks of what he’s gonna say—
No hate with hate
Thursday,10th January 2019
Don’t ask me how I am here
standing next to the pro quarterback
Hate is only one of many responses
true, hurt and hate go hand in hand
Love is my sin, and thy dear virtue hate,
Hate of my sin, grounded on sinful loving,
Then hate me when thou wilt; if ever, now;
Now, while the world is bent my deeds to cross,
Cupid, I hate thee, which I'd have thee know;
A naked starveling ever may'st thou be.
Oh, summer’s heat,
In my life it lit;
The day I hate rice
Is several rare day in a year
Brought up in a prejudice dysfunctional household.
Took away the heart that once lived within your soul
The fate of hate is hate
Hate was his way of life
I hate the hate that resides in me now
I hate the hate that is so heavy it weighs me down
I hate that you changed.
I hate that you’re the same.
Hate is the opposite of love.
These emotions are powerful.
Emoticon, emoticon...
(which syllable to put the accent on?)
They are not words for love or words of love.(haters) i love it when they hate,
they hate on me because,
Heaven is not a place; it is a state;
not in the clouds, nor here on earth beneath;
Wrapped in your arms
Souls entwined
To finally meet the King of Fathers.
To look upon his face, and know the
They were created with perfection
But arrived before well baked
Dear sweet innocent child of mine.
I am writing you this letter from heaven.
To you honey,
may you rest in the same peace
Seeing we never found gay fairyland
(Though still we crouched by bluebells moon by moon)
Gold and Silver
Precious gems untold
Hearts bleed a beautiful red, like a curtain to our love
We walk through slowly like we don't even hear a sound
A birthday poem for my wife
A star fell from heaven
Had I the heavens' embroidered cloths,
Enwrought with golden and silver light,
There’s an airline plane
Flies to Heaven every day
Two lovers to a midnight meadow came
High in the hills, to lie there hand and hand
It’s your birthday today Mum.
And wherever you are, near or far,
Dear Mommy up in heaven,
you’re always in my mind.
The wave breaks
And I'm carried into it.
Too many long scorching summers of unending heat
have passed and burned away hopes - no rain – defeat.
She did not know that she was dead,
But, when the pang was o'er,
Am I going to be reunited
with all my old pets in heaven?
dose heaven know you belong to me?
dose heaven know do the angel see?
472
Except the Heaven had come so near—
154
Except to Heaven, she is nought.
Father in heaven,
Here I am
Your favorite chair is vacant now...
No eager barks to greet me.
Someone told me that when we go to heaven,
it will be full of Hollywood gangster movies and
[To be sung to the tune of The Blood of the Lamb with indicated instrument]
I
God lay dead in heaven;
Angels sang the hymn of the end;
79
Going to Heaven!
I reached for your hand, It wasn’t there
I needed your heart, you didn’t care
I HAVE drunk ale from the Country of the Young
And weep because I know all things now:
HAD I the heavens' embroidered cloths,
Enwrought with golden and silver light,
Night opens wide the burning Macrocosm,-
And heaven's hierarchies come into view
She collects angels
the way others amass shoes,
The end of time is comming,
the signs all say it's true.
575
"Heaven" has different Signs—to me—
"Heaven" has different Signs—to me—
Sometimes, I think that Noon
I have desired to go
Where springs not fail,
Heaven is here and now —
drowsing in the sun
370
Heaven is so far of the Mind
239
"Heaven"—is what I cannot reach!
I want to go to heaven one of these days
Together, the King of heaven we must all praise
May the Lord be my shepherd
you can guide me to heaven
If you were twenty-seven
and had done time for beating
Fish (fly-replete, in depth of June,
Dawdling away their wat'ry noon)
Heaven, where the streets are made of gold,
Heaven, where you never age or grow old,
What happens in heaven?
Will I sit on a cloud?
A cloudless sky,
A friendly sea,
Heaven they say is the place to be
Up in the skies all I can see
If Love Is Heaven, And Sadness is Hell
I'm Used To This Sadness And Seperation
929
How far is it to Heaven?
Oh, once I walked in Heaven, all alone
Upon the sacred cliffs above the sky.
I'd pull down heaven and wrap you in the Milky Way If I could,
For you are the sun, the moon, and the stars to me.
I dream of a heaven overlooking the river Nile
The Pyramids at a distance
243
I've known a Heaven, like a Tent—
I went to heaven,--
'T was a small town,
I would to heaven that I were so much clay,
As I am blood, bone, marrow, passion, feeling -
In heaven,
Some little blades of grass
There are so many times
when I see somebody that is old
FIRST SPIRIT
Sister spirit, listen!
Lady of the Lake, your petticoats are better nets,
Bitter nets, finer woven, hoarding.
Exactly what does one do in eternity?
Do you just walk around all day
Last night my soul cried, “O exalted sphere of Heaven, you hang indeed inverted, with flames in your belly.
“Without sin and crime, eternally revolving upon your body in its complaining is the indigo of mourning;
Standing in the frigid ice,
I shiver at the gust of cold daggers.
Mommy, Daddy, how I miss you
and I know you're missing me.
Where is heaven? you ask me, my child,-the sages tell us it is
beyond the limits of birth and death, unswayed by the rhythm of day
All things bright and beautiful,
All creatures great and small,
'Marriages are made in heaven'
so say people in India
To make a glass cup
It takes few minutes,
Why are there no tears in Heaven?
Will I forget all my fears in Heaven?
Heaven is a place, also a state,
It doth all things excel,
I am being taken to the royal dungeon.
I will be killed there tonight,
One year in heaven,
One year you've been there,
Praise, my soul, the King of Heaven;
To His feet Thy tribute bring!
In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy.
Drive your cart and your plow over the bones of the dead.
Somebody Left A Light On For Me In Heaven
(Dedicated to my Family, and Maya Angelou)
The stairway to heaven
Lies way beyond my soul,
Drifting on wings of an agnel,
The stairway to Heaven unfolds,
388
Take your Heaven further on—
SUDDENLY I saw the cold and rook-delighting heaven
That seemed as though ice burned and was but the more ice,
The little girl
stood in
Here they are.  The soft eyes open.
If they have lived in a wood
694
The Heaven vests for Each
I fled Him down the nights and down the days
I fled Him down the arches of the years
THE ARGUMENT
RINTRAH roars and shakes his
How can true knowledge fade and disappear?
Where does it go?  Only the other day
Deep within the realms of Heaven,
Dwells the one and only King,
696
Their Height in Heaven comforts not—
There is an angel in heaven,
He's awake until eleven;
We were just little children
When our neighbour
Open thy gates
To him who weeping waits,
489
We pray—to Heaven—
When the shy star goes forth in heaven
All maidenly, disconsolate,
When we go, do we all have to play harps? If we do,
I'm assuming we'll instantly know how to play them,
A warm sunny day of youth
Memories of white linen sheets
248
Why—do they shut Me out of Heaven?
I watch them from the corner of my eye.
(because I don't want them to think I'm weird)
Will there be a breeze in heaven?
And if there is, will skinless souls still
I know sometimes that clouds bring rain,
in wintertime it's snow,
Sometimes she is a child within mine arms,
Cowering beneath dark wings that love must chase,--
Take the Narrow Path
To Holy Trinity Turnpike
A hero thinks of others before they think of themselves
A hero will die to protect
Most boys have their sporting heroes and mine played Gaelic Football
The mighty Mick O Connell the greatest I recall
Don't let me go.
Give me some strength.
A hero in the ordinary world,
Washes dishes in the sink
When dusk dissolves the last shreds of light,
Do heroes lay awake at night?
This morning, as I cut into
the tough flesh of the huge tomato
A Hero is someone looked up to,
Who others could love to be,
He was so foolish, the poor lad,
He made superior people smile
Three times I had the lust to kill,
To clutch a throat so young and fair,
Tantrum unleashes more furry upon thy battlefield
Heart gleaners the fight
JAMES BRAIDWOOD: Died June 22, 1861.
NOT at the battle front,--writ of in story;
He was only 17 when it started
So big, but cute, and brave
Fighting for this great land
In a far off place
If you judge him do not judge him harshly or why judge him at all
Since the darkest of memories are his to recall
In the big fire at Mancini's their house and it's contents were destroyed
And the story of their bad luck it has travelled far and wide
Are you ok if tomarrow is the end? Would you be a hero for someone in need? Would you care, or stand and watch? If you knew you could make a difference, would you? If you were one vioce, and this was the last chance to be heard, would you take advantage of the moment and scream out your the word? Would you help someone who you dispised? Would you help someone when you have enough on your plate as it is? Would you help a homeless person find a home, and give them food? If you were with your friends and they were making fun of a person who would be considered a geek or nerd, which side would you be on? would you sacrafice your time to help another, no matter how late it is or who it is?   The world would be a better place it we just helped each other...I know that sounds impossible, but in reality...nothing is impossible if we just put our minds to it and stop being selfish. If we took the time to help someone, then they would probably take the time to help someone else and so on. But it takes more than one person to make a diffrence. It takes all of us. If we did this earlier we might not have had so many wars, therefore so many deaths. If we took the time to do something that really matters the world would be a safer and nicer place to live. I might only be sixteen but that doesn't mean I don't know anything. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that we have to care in order to make the world a better place.  here are some facts that will maybe encourage you to send this poem to others so that we can make a difference and save some lives......1.)  In a recent national survey of students in grades 6 to 10,13% reported bullying others,11% reported being the target of school bullies, and another 6% said they bullied others and were bullied themselves.    2.)  Teen bullying can lead teenagers tense, anxious, and afraid. Some teens feel compelled to take drastic measures, such as carrying weapons to school for protection or violent revenge. Others in desperation even consider suicide.     3.) By 2002,28% of the woman who had reported depression symptoms in 1995 said they'd experienced dating violence or injury from a partner, compared with only 18% of woman who didn't report depression.   4.)  1,439 teens will attempt sucicide in the next 24 hours.6 of them will end in death.   5.) Remember that any ongoing conflicts between a parent and child can fuel the fire for a teen who is feeling isolated, misunderstood, devalued, or suicidal. Get help to air family problems and resolve them in a construcive way.   6.) at last count, there were more than 24,500 different gangs around the country, and more than 772,500 teens and young adults were members of gangs. Some gang members are as young as 12, the average age is about 17 to 18 years old.   7.) Teens join gangs for a variety of reasons. Some are seeking excitment; others are looking for prestige, protection, a chance to make money, or a sense of belonging.---If we make a chioce to be the voice for those who won't speak up for themselves, how many lives would we save? If it was ur kid who got shot because of a disgruntal teen was being picked on and decided to bring a gun to shcool. so please spread the mesage to care and be a hero.would you do me a favour
and take me in your arms
Regimental Sergeant Major James Corrigan MC,
A regular Soldier in World War One,
Our two hearts beat as one, forever glowing under the sun.
So rise once more, but shed no tears.
Alas! now o'er the civilised world there hangs a gloom
For brave General Gordon, that was killed in Khartoum,
Brave Grant, thou hero of the war,
Thou art the emblem of the morning star,
He died a hero
In a war of vague purpose
He is more than a hero
he is a god in my eyes--
He has just turned fifty his fastest pace slow
He is not the man he was twenty years ago
''Healfast, healfast, ye hero wounds;
O knight, be quickly strong!
She sits upon her sofa, just sits & stares they say,
She, s waiting for the day to come
It lies not in our power to love or hate,
For will in us is over-rul'd by fate.
See you the towers, that, gray and old,
Frown through the sunlight's liquid gold,
Both robb'd of air, we both lie in one ground ;
Both whom one fire had burnt, one water drown'dNow was bright Hero weary of the day,
Thought an Olympiad in Leander's stay.
On Hellespont, guilty of true-love's blood,
In view and opposite two cities stood,
By this, sad Hero, with love unacquainted,
Viewing Leander's face, fell down and fainted.
No longer could the Day nor Destinies
Delay the Night, who now did frowning rise
A simple being, hero in the classrooms,
Pen and lesson plans are his tools
Hail great hero!
Hero brave!
A Hero is someone looked up to,
Who others could love to be,
You're my hero; you saved me.
I believe in the change their might be.
'Jack fell as he'd have wished,' the Mother said,
And folded up the letter that she'd read.
when u r alone
with an empty dark heart
No one sits with him
he doesnt fit in
The climbing high was stone by stone
bloodied hands and striated hearts
Richard strained his eyes
and watched his deliverer
A face seen passing in a crowded street,
A voice heard singing music, large and free;
Said he: "You saw the Master clear;
By Rushy Pond alone he sat,
He never asked to be a hero
For him, playing ball would be just fine
Let Me Be Your HERO
By: Jo E
I've now concluded
after giving it much thought;
I just sat there
trying to hold in
My hero bares his nerves along my wrist
That rules from wrist to shoulder,
you have been there for me
whether i wanted you or not
There was a time you held my hand
as a child too young to understand.
I sit in the chair that he sat in,
And sleep in the bed where he slept,
Jesus my Hero God & man
My Lord who’s never far
My Hero is Many,
My Hero is One.
My hero is the best,
He is better than all the rest,
Of all the boys with whom I fought
In Africa and Sicily,
My Hero can't leap tall buildings with a single bound. He
doesn't wear a black costume with a cape and pointy ears.
my hero, my hero didnt have any special powers,
because my hero didnt fight
I was told to draw my hero
something to fight away the bad
When its late at night
And I am all alone
Ned Kelly was a hero and despite what some do say
The legend of his bravery in Australia lives today
Looking back I have done much in this life
I was a child, a mother, and a wife
i caught a frog and put him in a
fishbowl
The shells burst around me, my first battle has begun.
I could tell with metal flying this was not for fun.
Our Fallen Hero
Stands tall in our minds
Onward to her destination,
O'er the stream that Hannah sped,
"Flowers, only flowers -- bring me dainty posies,
Blossoms for forgetfulness," that was all he said;
When I think of my favorite song, it is Hero, by Mariah Carey.
To me, the hero inside me is my Mother, because when I feel
Soldiers who wish to be a hero
Are practically zero.
Soldiers who wish to be a hero
Are practically zero.
Without sorrow life is zero
We must accept fate's arrow
Super Hero
Count back from one to zero
Superman my hero
Is just like my friend
He is a hero
not by sibling ordinal age,
From Meelin he came to Millstreet Town to die
For Ireland with a bullet in hie eye
When you see a Hero,
what do you think of the Hero?
Many people the praises of warriors do sing
And they talk of war as if war is a good thing
The 27th Regiment has mutinied at Kalapore;
That was the substance of a telegram, which caused great uproar,
Twas at the camp of Rorke's Drift, and at tea-time,
And busily engaged in culinary operations was a private of the line;
Crossing the battlefield early today
Amidst bombs dropping, bullets flying,
'O for a knight like Bayard,
Without reproach or fear;
Mother, let us imagine we are travelling, and passing through a
strange and dangerous country.
'Jack fell as he'd have wished,' the mother said,
And folded up the letter that she'd read.
Suppose we all do look at things differently
The hero to you not a hero to me
The wind blew out from Bergen from the dawning to the day,
There was a wreck of trees and fall of towers a score of miles away,
Unique friend imposible to find,
caring and loving for the ones who are,
You've heard me, scornful, harsh, and discontented,
Mocking and loathing War: you've asked me why
Where he lives none does help you when you are down
The one out of work in the poor side of town
He sat at the bar, drinking his Jack
Talking  about the war, since he came back
He always wears his war medals on his coat of them he feels so proud
And he has a hearing problem the reason he talks so loud
A paradoxical ode, after Shelley.
I.
You and six others lived in this small place.
Yall went in hiding because of your race.
Never did I ever think of the definition of a hero.
Is a hero someone who defends the innocent who can’t defend themselves?
You've watched my work in your millions
every year without fail, as
You need not be
a combatant soldier
Ten years ago he was a hero a parade for him in the Town
But now he is seen as a has been they built him up and dragged him down
The heroes of the masses they live for their renown
And the masses create their heroes and then drag their heroes down
**   HERO AND LEANDER
The Dardanelles is a narrow strait which links, -
When I was a little kid about 7 or 8 years old there was this girl. She was a lot older then me. She took care of me when my foster mother and father had a break. She was really caring and polite. I was really fussy but she got me what ever I needed. She showed me there is good out there. So I tried being like her. There was one time she let me steer her car, she still had control of the gas and the brake, I thought it was the coolest thing. When I grew up I noticed when you had no control over anything, you can have control for just a little at a time. You start to know your mistakes. When I was steering that car I was swerving, but I had her to correct my mistakes. Her correcting them for me while I was by her side, I learned it a lot faster then I would of on my own. Now we aren't that close to each other, and I started to forget what she taught me that one day. I didn't like how I was treating other people and I thought about stuff to be a better person.  I thought and thought about it and I remembered what she did for me. I was changing a little at a time. There was a lot more then what I  wrote in this story. I don't know how to thank her, maybe this story will do more than I think. Thank You for being my hero.☼ This poem is in the memory of my great-grandmother who gave me nothing but good memories. If anyone was ever a hero of mine, it would’ve been her. She always had a smile and hug for me. Even in her last few weeks she always gave me the strength that I needed.
Feeling the wind brush my cheek
Stop me if...
The story is,
LET others prate of Greece and Rome,
And towns where they may never be,
I read within a poet's book
A word that starred the page:
(To Robert Graves)
I
Caxtons are mechanical birds with many wings
and some are treasured for their markings --
a soldier coming home
he gets off the bus and looks around
Goe and count her better houres;
They more happie are than ours.
Remembering a Valentine sent to me by a poet from India,1989
You meet the moment with your solace thought.
She's sweet as a honey on a bacon
fitted like icings on a cake;
When I was dead, my spirit turned
To seek the much-frequented house:
It's all so familiar and clear,
My eye's accustomed to every turn;
821
Away from Home are some and I—
Bound for your distant home
you were leaving alien lands.
The day that Danny went away
He didn't make a fuss.
'Tis The
SONG OF LITTLE MARY,
When wintry winds are no more heard,
And joy's in every bosom,
I see you there standing alone
So lonely, so broken
Five minutes here, and they must steal two more!
shameful! Here have I been five mortal years
The railings were old and rusty,
The door paint was faded and chipped,
Down home to-night the moonshine falls
Across a hill with daisies pied,
Far from my heavenly home,
Far from my Father’s breast,
God looked around his garden
And found an empty space;
I'm goin' 'ome to Blighty -- ain't I glad to 'ave the chance!
I'm loaded up wiv fightin', and I've 'ad my fill o' France;
Pushed and pulled ‘til torn apart
Unprepared for a broken heart
Paw marks near one burrow show Graydigger
at home, I bend low, from down there swivel
He'd walked a thousand miles,
shot in the back near Petersburg,
Gone now the baby's nurse,
a lioness who ruled the roost
Just Home and Love! the words are small
Four little letters unto each;
I walk down the small path
bordered either side by bluebells.
He saw her from the bottom of the stairs
Before she saw him. She was starting down,
Far-fetched with tales of other worlds and ways,
My skin well-oiled with wines of the Levant,
SHE turn’d the fair page with her fairer hand—
More fair and frail than it was wont to be—
COME, my little children, here are songs for you;
Some are short and some are long, and all, all are new.
Home permanent home
You may welcome
How brightly glistening in the sun
The woodland ivy plays!
Years I had been from home,
And now, before the door
Home is pictures of memories on the wall.
Home is sleeping in my own bed.
"Where shall we dwell?" say you.
Wandering winds reply:
I came back late and tired last night
Into my little room,
Dream with pain from you
Awake with pain from you
So long had I travelled the lonely road,
Though, now and again, a wayfairing friend
A home above the year's seasons
home of children animals and apples
My home sweet home!
You are better than Venice,
Sharers of a common country,
They had met in deadly strife;
Mid pleasures and palaces though we may roam,
Be it ever so humble, there's no place like home;
Better than higher hotel
Home sweet home is better to be there
Dusty roads greeted me
With a smile.
Home they brought her warrior dead:
She nor swooned, nor uttered cry:
Oh, to be in England
Now that April's there,
Nobly, nobly Cape Saint Vincent to the North-west died away;
Sunset ran, one glorious blood-red, reeking into Cadiz Bay;
Oh something just now must be happening there!
That suddenly and quiveringly here,
Varus drags me into his affairs
out of the Forum, where I’m seen idling:
1     W'en I was young boy on de farm, dat 's twenty year ago
2     I have wan frien' he 's leev near me, call Jean Bateese Trudeau
944
I learned—at least—what Home could be—
413
I never felt at Home—Below—-
I want my own home
A home I’ll long to be in it
I years had been from home,
And now, before the door,
The time that my journey takes is long and the way of it long.
I came out on the chariot of the first gleam of light, and pursued my
- New Orleans, November 1910
Four weeks have passed since I left, and still
Though bleak these woods, and damp the ground
With fallen leaves so thickly strown,
Retired thoughts enjoy their own delights,
As beauty doth in self-beholding eye ;
I
My childhood's home I see again,
This is the place that I love the best,
A little brown house, like a ground-bird's nest,
1     The sun shines bright in the old Kentucky home,
2     'Tis summer, the darkies are gay,
My parents have come home laughing
From the feast for Robert Burns, late, on foot;
When the wasting embers redden the chimney-breast,
And Life's bare pathway looms like a desert track to me,
A stranger lies ill, in a distant city,
With no - - letters from home!
Oh how I miss those walks in the park,
where birds would sing and dogs did bark.
Oh stay at home, my lad, and plough
The land and not the sea,
1     Way down upon de Swanee ribber,
2     Far, far away,
Back, in my fifties, fatter that I was then,
I step on the sand, belch down slight horror to walk
On the way home
I came from a journey
Prophets have honour all over the Earth,
Except in the village where they were born,
Sweet Stay-at-Home, sweet Well-content,
Thou knowest of no strange continent;
"Men know but little more than we,
Who count us least of things terrene,
7
The feet of people walking home
When the daylight fades on the tented field,
And the campfire cheerfully burns,
What does a hangman think about
When he goes home at night from work?
To the Right Honourable Mildmay, Earl of Westmoreland
Come, sons of summer, by whose toil
Come, Sons of Summer, by whose toil
We are the lords of wine and oil:
Trust and treachery, wisdom, folly,
Madness, mirth and melancholy,
I paced alone on the road across the field while the sunset was
hiding its last gold like a miser.
When I go back from Billy's place I always have to roam
The mazy road, the crazy road that leads the long way home.
Come back to me, little dancing feet that roam the wide world o'er,
I long for the lilt of your flying steps in my silent rooms once more;
Home they brought her warrior dead:
She nor swoon'd nor utter'd cry:
Close on the margin of a brawling brook
That bathes the low dell's bosom, stands a Cot;
All night a door floated down the river.
It tried to remember little incidents of pleasure
They went home and told their wives,
that never once in all their lives,
207
Tho' I get home how late—how late—
TO friends at home, the lone, the admired, the lost
The gracious old, the lovely young, to May
It takes a lot of a person's life
To be French, or English, or American
The fire burns bright
And the hearth is clean swept,
Unaware of my crime
they stood me in the dock.
There's a happy time coming,
When the boys come home.
On a lonely selection far out in the West
An old woman works all the day without rest,
When thou must home to shades of underground,
And there arriv'd, a new admired guest,
Sing, O Muse, in treble clef,
A little song of the A.E.F.,
725
Where Thou art—that—is Home—
In the city set upon slime and loam
They cry in their parliament 'Who goes home?'
A sea of defunct toys
Canvas of walls smeared
Hopes – that soar –
like kites in wind -
Off the coast of California
where else
My banks they are furnish'd with bees,
Whose murmur invites one to sleep;
A sunstroke sunflower yawn in the whirlwind
and a scapegoat scamper with his old wheelbarrow
I refuse to be depressed,
'cause I'm totally obsessed,
SO many crosses,
so little hope, so many
All hope lies in tomorrow
Betrayed by yesterday
Soar not too high,  O bird of Hope!
Because the skies are fair;
Dare I hope to hope?
Is it safe? Is it right?
Dare to find hope
Dare to live your dreams
Don't give up hope
Don't give up hope
So many
Different dreary  worlds,
I.
Beautiful Evelyn Hope is dead!
Hope is forever dreaming
Faith is forever pure
Charity it found me
Faith it held me
I’ve seen dark eyes
Of imminent oblivion,
522
Had I presumed to hope—
It's been eleven years,
since I first met you.
When the weary night is fled,
And the morning sky is red,
Strong are thine arms, O love, & strong
Thine heart to live, and love, and long;
Even as things go downhill
And life becomes hell
Today we face the trying times
Of heartache and pain.
. . . . . . . .
Hope holds to Christ the mind’s own mirror out
Live in hope,
Hope, hope and hope.
The hissing wind and the swishing sea
with a vengeance turns the wind to lee
Just remember that hope goes a long way.
As long as you have a little you are still doing okay.
Hope is a tattered flag and a dream of time.
Hope is a heartspun word, the rainbow, the shadblow in white
I hope my family get a long like they use too
I hope God finds away to bring my brother
Once in your lifetime,
You would have thought that
When the desperation hit
When the people cried in the streets
'Hope' is the thing with feathers—
That perches in the soul—
Hope Was Hoping
That Hopefully
Hope is an expectation or
Desire for certain event,
The Tree of Knowledge we in Eden prov'd;
The Tree of Life was thence to Heav'n remov'd:
The heart is a womb where hope is born
It is conceived in the mind
Hope is a nice word,
people use it a lot.
Hope was but a timid friend;
She sat without the grated den,
AS I LOOK INTO THE FUTURE,
I HOPE FOR PEACE.
We speak with the lip, and we dream in the soul,
Of some better and fairer day;
I've heard hopes enough,
Enough to keep you alive,
What is hope, ask a bee in cold winter days,
she hangs around the pruned rose bushes,
SEE through yon cloud that rolls in wrath,
One little star benignant peep,
Hope is the sweet, sweet scent
of flowers in the morning
All treasures of the earth and opulent seas,
Metals and odorous woods and cunning gold,
Unrealized directions
Unexpressed dreams
Hope is what I am made of every day
I hope
Keep hope in your heart,
Keep it there till there's more.
The spirit killeth, but the letter giveth life.
The week is dealt out like a hand
I'm writing you this poem,
For you being you,
Hope swirls around the little boy's head
Jumping on the bed Christmas morning
Im not crazy
Im not dreaming
Hope
Sigh not for there is hope
Keep hope in your heart,
Keep it there till there's more.
And some will have their lines
dying in the clasped palms
I hope your happy with your life
I hope your happy with your wife
I hope I hope
You will come
I hope you surf the waves in form the ocean,
Big and small.
I hope
That a friend in need
If you only care about the ones
within your small arms reach
1 I am the man that hath seen affliction by the rod of his wrath.
2 He hath led me, and brought me into darkness, but not into light.
I was a grovelling creature once,
And basely cleaved to earth:
Love is one identifying mark that sets Believers and others apart.
Men will know us from others when we have love one for another.
Love without hope, as when the young bird-catcher
Swept off his tall hat to the Squire's own daughter,
Grey street corner
A frozen room
Now let no charitable hope
Confuse my mind with images
Oh, they have robbed me of the hope
My spirit held so dear;
Switch off the TV, stop all sounds
Shut down the comp, turn off the lights
Hope
Hope and Faith go hand in hand.
Angel of hope come to me
Mend my heart with golden thread
SINCE thou hast given me this good hope, O God,
That while my footsteps tread the flowery sod
O sweet To-morrow! -
After to-day
There is a faint Rainbow in the night's Sky;
The scorching-Summer has not had mid-show'rs;
O, ever skilled to wear the form we love!
To bid the shapes of fear and grief depart;
A girl of beauty, shy and innocent!
She liked to stay aloof in her own world;
Delusive Hope! more transient than the ray
That leads pale twilight to her dusky bed,
False hope prolongs my ever certain grief,
Trait'rous to me and faithful to my love;
Cherish you then the hope I shall forget
At length, my lord, Pieria?—put away
I believe that horses can heal,
I believe that their hearts feel all that we feel,
I’m searching the expansive, azure sky
For a woman’s anodyne brown eyes
"Delicta juventutis et ignorantius ejus, quoesumus ne memineris, Domine."
I left, to earth, a little maiden fair,
Though I have watched so many mourners weep
O'er the real dead, in dull earth laid asleep—
Is there another world for this frail dust
To warm with life and be itself again?
Endless dark - or so it seems,
life is shattered, with all our dreams
PART I (excerpt)
...
If the road of hope make you tired,
remember,
779
The Service without Hope—
There is always hope for tomorrow
We start a brand new day
There was this hope
In one man's dream:
WHEN by my solitary hearth I sit,
And hateful thoughts enwrap my soul in gloom;
Is to believe
In that a Greater Authority
We will not lose hope
One day all will have freedom
Hope, a magical word of four letters
Although everyone struggle to hold fast, scared of loosing it,
When Hope but made Tranquillity be felt--
A Flight of Hopes for ever on the wing
WHEN THERE IS NO HOPE AND NOTHING TO HOPE FOR
When there is no hope and nothing to hope for
The tears fall, but no one's there to heed them,
The heart it mourns, but no one sees the hurt.
All Nature seems at work. Slugs leave their lair--
The bees are stirring--birds are on the wing--
Every human being living on this earth hope for something
Poor people hope that one day money will come their way
It is dark, no moon, no light
Just darkness, a starless sky
You gave me words of hope, are they not long delayed?
The plum-tree is remembered by the Spring,
After you’ve negotiated that artfully-conceived
sharp elbow bend in the long, grand drive
After death visited,
they opened the house
My house is always upside down
It is the funniest house in town
I knew that a baby was hid in that house,
Though I saw no cradle and heard no cry;
There is a street in every town that owns a house
called lonely. Then when your just passing by you might
From my cottage kitchen window I can see
Two fields away the blue, the shining sea
399
A House upon the Height—
Lured by the wall, and drawn
To stare below the roof,
GOD grant a blessing on this tower and cottage
And on my heirs, if all remain unspoiled,
Lord, thou hast given me a cell,
Wherein to dwell;
How sweet it were, if without feeble fright,
Or dying of the dreadful beauteous sight,
The neighbors' dog will not stop barking.
He is barking the same high, rhythmic bark
'T was Fultah Fisher's boarding-house,
Where sailor-men reside,
That deaf old man
With his hand to his ear--
475
Doom is the House without the Door—
But please walk softly as you do.
Frogs dwell here and crickets too.
The first was like a dream through summer heat,
The second like a tedious numbing swoon,
A Sonnet is a moment's monument,
Memorial from the Soul's eternity
I dwell in a lonely house I know
That vanished many a summer ago,
I love to go to Grampa's house.
He lives far, far away.
In silent night when rest I took
For sorrow near I did not look
The winter sun, golden and tired,
settles on the irregular army
Indoors the tang of a tiny oil lamp. Outdoors
The winking signal on the waste of sea.
I turn around on the gravel
and go back to the house for a book,
I watched the Moon around the House
Until upon a Pane --
Someone was calling someone;
now they've stopped. Beyond the glass
In Arthur's house whileome was I
When happily the time went by
A stone's throw out on either hand
From that well-ordered road we tread,
THE HOUSE
The cornerstone in Truth is laid,
Waking to the early morning sound
Of a single trolling motor
I went to Love's old treasure house last night,
Alone, when all the world was still -- asleep,
In the burned house I am eating breakfast.
You understand: there is no house, there is no breakfast,
The house was empty and
the people of the house
And this reft house is that the which he built,
Lamented Jack ! And here his malt he pil'd,
14
One Sister have I in our house,
Severe against the pleasant arc of sky
The great stone box is cruelly displayed.
IT fell on a day, and a bonnie simmer day,
When green grew aits and barley,
The bustle in a house
The morning after death
BY the City Dead-House, by the gate,
As idly sauntering, wending my way from the clangor,
Where a faint light shines alone,
Dwells a Demon I have known.
Dusk in the rain-soaked garden,
And dark the house within.
Life and Thought have gone away
Side by side,
All ye good people, afar and near,
To my request pray lend an ear;
Here, as in childhood, Brother, no one knows us.
And someone has died, and someone is not yet
Love I was shewn upon the mountain-side
And bid to catch Him ere the dropp of day.
We caught the tread of dancing feet,
We loitered down the moonlit street,
Oh, very gloomy is the house of woe,
Where tears are falling while the bell is knelling,
At the back of the houses there is the wood.
While there is a leaf of summer left, the wood
I would build a cloudy House
For my thoughts to live in;
I.
The sun goes down in a cold pale flare of light.
One, from his high bright window in a tower,
Leans out, as evening falls,
Up high black walls, up sombre terraces,
Clinging like luminous birds to the sides of cliffs,
The snow floats down upon us, mingled with rain...
It eddies around pale lilac lamps, and falls
Over the darkened city, the city of towers,
The city of a thousand gates,
Midnight; bells toll, and along the cloud-high towers
The golden lights go out . . .
More towers must yet be built—more towers destroyed—
Great rocks hoisted in air;
The warm sun dreams in the dust, the warm sun falls
On bright red roofs and walls;
'Draw three cards, and I will tell your future . . .
Draw three cards, and lay them down,
Round white clouds roll slowly above the housetops,
Over the clear red roofs they flow and pass.
She turned her head on the pillow, and cried once more.
And drawing a shaken breath, and closing her eyes,
Two lovers, here at the corner, by the steeple,
Two lovers blow together like music blowing:
Well,—it was two days after my husband died—
Two days!  And the earth still raw above him.
The days, the nights, flow one by one above us,
The hours go silently over our lifted faces,
'Number four—the girl who died on the table—
The girl with golden hair—'
As evening falls,
And the yellow lights leap one by one
You read—what is it, then that you are reading?
What music moves so silently in your mind?
The lamplit page is turned, the dream forgotten;
The music changes tone, you wake, remember
Of what she said to me that night—no matter.
The strange thing came next day.
The cigarette-smoke loops and slides above us,
Dipping and swirling as the waiter passes;
This is the house.  On one side there is darkness,
On one side there is light.
You see that porcelain ranged there in the window—
Platters and soup-plates done with pale pink rosebuds,
Wind blows.  Snow falls.  The great clock in its tower
Ticks with reverberant coil and tolls the hour:
We sit together and talk, or smoke in silence.
You say (but use no words) 'this night is passing
From time to time, lifting his eyes, he sees
The soft blue starlight through the one small window,
Now, when the moon slid under the cloud
And the cold clear dark of starlight fell,
'This envelope you say has something in it
Which once belonged to your dead son—or something
The door is shut.  She leaves the curtained office,
And down the grey-walled stairs comes trembling slowly
Well, as you say, we live for small horizons:
We move in crowds, we flow and talk together,
BOOK I    Incipit liber primus.
God turne us every dreem to gode!
My wearied heart bade me farewell and left for the House of Fortune. As he reached that holy city which the soul had blessed and worshipped, he commenced wondering, for he could not find what he had always imagined would be there. The city was empty of power, money, and authority.
And my heart spoke to the daughter of Love saying, "Oh Love, where can I find Contentment? I heard that she had come here to join you."
Here we broached the Christmas barrel,
Pushed up the charred log-ends;
What smouldering senses in death's sick delay
Or seizure of malign vicissitude
They are all gone away,
The house is shut and still,
They are building a house
half a block down
This poem has a door, a locked door,
and curtains drawn against the day,
The house was quiet and the world was calm.
The reader became the book; and summer night
Whenever I walk to Suffern along the Erie track
I go by a poor old farmhouse with its shingles broken and black.
NOW first, as I shut the door,
I was alone
In through the porch and up the silent stair;
Little is changed, I know so well the ways;--
Hope went by and Peace went by
And would not enter in;
Your door is shut against my tightened face,
And I am sharp as steel with discontent;
Command the roof, great Genius, and from thence
Into this house pour down thy influence,
911
Too little way the House must lie
If you should look for this place after a handful
of lifetimes:
Under my house
an inchworm
HOW should the world be luckier if this house,
Where passion and precision have been one
Within this sober Frame expect
Work of no Forrain Architect;
In silent night when rest I took,
For sorrow near I did not look,
Daddy went hunting.
Mamma went too.
Far off in the bush veldt near to Marken,
where the red sand lies like sea sand,
Put the saddle on the mare,
For the wet winds blow;
Here's a health to every sportsman, be he stableman or lord,
If his heart be true, I care not what his pocket may afford;
Hunters, where does Hope nest?
Not in the half-oped breast,
I throw my gun in the back of my truck
With it I hope to kill a 12-point buck
Who knows the hours
Of evening showers
The hunter’s.308 Musgrave hunting rifle
lies next to him in pieces
Soaring gull, against the sky
I, on wing, to circle high
(This is a fictional poem)
When my friend and I went deer hunting, I accidentally shot a doe.
Deer hunting time is here again
And many hunters take to the woods
Pitch black outside, ten below zero,
Man I am freezing cold;
The Vanishing
They sought it with thimbles, they sought it with care;
The Beaver's Lesson
They sought it with thimbles, they sought it with care;
The Landing
"Just the place for a Snark!" the Bellman cried,
The Hunting
The Bellman looked uffish, and wrinkled his brow.
The Bellman's Speech
The Bellman himself they all praised to the skies--
The Banker's Fate
They sought it with thimbles, they sought it with care;
The Barrister's Dream
They sought it with thimbles, they sought it with care;
The Baker's Tale
They roused him with muffins--they roused him with ice--
For Hunting...
Heart is given only with heart...
A so called sport of the upper class that inspired the bards to rhyme
Fox hunting is banned in Britain everything has it's time
THE FOX MEDITATES
When Samson set my brush afire
Going hunting for some poets
The ones with bite and teeth
A Golden Eagle stands tall upon its perch,
with keen eyes, for its next victim to search.
Come come
You are welcome.
Lawyers do deliver a death kiss—
Helping crooks jaws of justice to miss,
Fading seductions,
And reduced temptations...
Some houses seem to welcome you.
You feel at ease immediately.
Time was when spring returned we went
To find another home to rent;
For years we have gone hunting.
I've loved sitting next to him in his deer blind
Fears of rejection,
Tears of dejection,
Weren’t there poets before there were words,
Cause didn’t they need love in the boreal eras of moose and rime-
When I was little and it was a rainy day,
My Mom wouldn’t let me go out to play.
If I were the compassionless sort
without regard for flowing sanctity,
As he moves the mine detector
A few inches over the ground,
good will hunting
hunting down answers
How can I give you more of this ever failing verse?
I pick a line for you, it withers before it reaches your lips.
Our story’s noble as its tragic
like the grimace of a tyrant
Sun comes and goes
So desperate, my mind is spinning
In my youth I was a hunter.
As age advances, I hunt for memory.
Snow last night
Early this year
Hunting or fishing – which is better?
That is what I am thinking about!
I walk with a guide
(that’s what they call
I am hunting inside my soul
For the hidden treasures
Hunting season is coming up
And deer is your main prey
'Where 'she said
'does love live? '
Hunting poetry,
Testing the strength of the words
Gun hunting season opens tomorrow morning
my husband is gathering his hunting gear around.
hunting season
Every Saturdays and Sunday there is a war going on in the woods,
As the dawn was breaking the Sambhur belled
Once, twice, and again!
Round us rolls the heather's sheen,
Heather's sheen,
Tek a cool night, good an' cleah,
Skiff o' snow upon de groun';
Ye darksome Woods where Echo dwells,
Where every bud with freedom swells
Waken, lords and ladies gay,
On the mountain dawns the day;
Hunting The Light
Travelling down the sewers
people make
trouble for
W HEN misty, misty mornings come,
When wild geese low are flying,
That was the age of nineteen,
The age for searching for the queen.
Well he’s gone and I gotta tell ya
It seems eerie here alone
I'm going hunting with my dad.
And trust me it's not bad.
I Hunted Words Of Skill
To Make Your Insides Feel
He is hungry as a shark
Always looking for a lark
I am bereft of anger
that has passed through rage
A dragonfly rescued
from the gossamer
A Great Inquiso Censo Decree
Left only ends removed  the buts
job hunting...
a yellow leaf drifts
Job hunting
The interviews are on |She is unadorned
His spots are the joy of the Leopard: his horns are the Buffalo’s pride.
Be clean, for the strength of the hunter is known by the gloss of his hide.
Nudes -- stark and glistening,
Yelling in lurid glee. Grinning faces
Forward! Hark forward's the cry!
One more fence and we're out on the open,
Chorus.—MY lady's gown, there's gairs upon't,
And gowden flowers sae rare upon't;
Best poets are featured
their best poems nurtured
PREFACE
If---and the thing is wildly possible---the charge of writing
Kudos to a failed hunting
The net was laid perfect
The sun is dropping down
That orange ball has begun to glow
Hunting birds scream that they should
Have seen the fish in the river,
With cruel nails, big wings mighty eagle
Is too ferocious a hunting bird
Inward
Voyage through mind
You always washed artifacts
at the kitchen sink, your back
They run for hours on end each day through grasses gray and brown
Race antelope to a stand still and drag big zebra down
PoemHunter hunts poems
All daylong go the games,
Into the rose gold westland, its yellow prairies roll,
World of the bison's freedom, home of the Indian's soul.
SOUND not the Horn!--the guarded relic keep:
A faithful sharer of its master's sleep:
Full of wrath was Hiawatha
When he came into the village,
Fit the First
THE LANDING
One weekend a hunting party
comes together on Serfaas Lourens’s farm
No more the summer floweret charms,
The leaves will soon be sere,
Full of wrath was Hiawatha
When he came into the village,
There ought to be a Worldwide ban on whale hunting since all species of whales are becoming rare
And of the justification of killing them in the name of so called science the enlightened and aware
There is the remorseless, tireless seeking
and following of the soul by the Divine Life.
Wide windy reaches of high stubble field;
A long gray road, bordered with dusty pines;
"Let's get going hunting geese" said Jack impatiently
"I don't know how to use my sights" said John hopelessly
It seems like we thrive from the adrenaline flow
While hunting the morning of the very first snow.
The Sage’s unkind action
Brought a total destruction
I am hunting my wayward heart.
I can feel that steady drum beat,
(limerick) A-Hunting We Will Go
As a foot soldier tanks were my bane
As a kid did you e'er share this caper?
We would eagerly look in the paper
"I am sure there's an opening for me
So ambitious andclever... agree? "
Though shooting stars commemorate the birth
of deities, no stellar signs appear
Complex, can't understand,
A simple man,
I'm looking for a husband, you know the sort of chap
The kind of guy who copes with things and never has a flap
A husband should be
Loyal and honest
Absent upon Public Employment
My head, my heart, mine eyes, my life, nay more,
Phoebus make haste, the day's too long, begone,
The silent night's the fittest time for moan;
My husband Vinny Christensen
He's now thirty seven, but he looks younger
Eating, wearing flowers, delight in heart
and beautifying are all only for him, to see!
Away the startled pheasant flies,
With lazy movement of his wings.
The dolichos grows and covers the thorn,
O'er the waste is the dragon-plant creeping.
His lady to the marquis says,
'The cock has crowed; 'tis late.
The days were bright
But remained light
TO these whom death again did wed
This grave 's the second marriage-bed.
My love, this is the bitterest, that thou---
Who art all truth, and who dost love me now
All married men want to be called a good husband
A good husband is a decent husband
The one, woman, who stands before the husband
Making him extremely angry by words and deeds
battered husbands too exist
a wife kicking his strong feet
Everytime I talk to God,
You are always part of my prayer.
I promise to be an ideal wife to you,
an ideal mother to our unborn children
Bruce Derricotte, June 22, 1928 - June 21, 2011
What was there is no longer there:
Like some raw sophister that mounts the pulpit,
So trembles a young poet at a full pit.
Think not this paper comes with vain pretense
To move your pity, or to mourn th'offense.
You sleep in the darkness,
you with the back I love
When feares and sorrowes me besett,
Then did'st thou rid me out;
What is left of a
Lover after hes been whipped
One cuddles under cotton blanket, the other lonely cold
I curse the fate of having a shared husband!
"No--not where I shall make my own;
But dig his grave just by
How can you hurt me?
And feel nothing at all
Husbands, from the very foundation of the earth
Were given the right to be head of their homes.
Husband and wife
Wives are considered as an obedient
B-eautiful bride and groom
E-xpects a happy marriage;
for Argee Atienza
I am the bow
The world had chafed his spirit proud
By its wearing, crushing strife,
Husband and Wife relationship is like mind and heart association,
Less co-ordination between both;  will lead to disconnection,
Since you've been away,
i feel an empty space that can never be replaced.
During the mid-noon, during midnight,
…both early morning and early evening;
At my side
Warm, loving
I never knew what love meant until I met you
Your always there for me
Where did you go
When you left that day
I am proud of my husband because he had the strength to work and take care of me and our child.
I am Proud of my husband because he had allowed me to be a stay Home Mom while many husbands send their wives to work outside home.
I have a little husband
And he is gone to sea,
For better or for worse
I will be your husband
If the wife follows the principles
...of her husband and leads her life,
O Lord, Thou hear'st my daily moan
And see'st my dropping tears.
Love is my husband,
Affection is wife,
Crippled with anger
Crippled with fear
You're everything I wanted and hoped you would be
You're the very best thing that's ever happened to me
Passion and friendship started this love affair
And total friendship, had to much to share
Feelings that were true and deep
awoke my heart from its innocent sleep.
When its late at night
And I am all alone
Amongst the stars that are in the sky
You are the most shining and brightest
It is true:
My husband
You're my husband
What I'll never meet
Oh, my husband!
My sweet beloved;
Husband is someone;
You spend most of your life with.
In promises of winter end,
was our beginning.
THE WORLD goes round, old fellow,
And still I’m in the swim,
Screw the fate that makes you share a man.
One cuddles under cotton blankets; the other's cold.
Neither wife should try to punish
Nor make any attempt to finish
In the first rise and infancy of farce,
When fools were many, and when plays were scarce
King Yudhisthira,
The eldest of Pandavas-
Oft, oft, methinks, the while with thee
I breathe, as from the heart, thy dear
Chorus.—Robin shure in hairst,
I shure wi' him.
What ever happened to the husband and wife
What ever happened to love
The persons who are under make up
as husband and wife in a fake drama,
Unless both the wife who has enormous love
…and the husband himself too unitedly taking vow,
WHEN Francis (named the first) o'er Frenchmen reign'd,
In Italy young Arthur laurels gained,
By day and night, throughout all the day,
the husband crossing his legs one over the other,
EYES caught by beauty, fancy by eyes caught;
Sweet possibilities, question, and wonder--
Yes, I have slain, and taken moving life
From bodies. Yea! And laughed upon the taking;
The husband shall beautify and honor the chaste wife
who is waning due to service to him, his lovable
We've lived for forty years, dear wife,
And walked together side by side,
A CERTAIN husband who, from jealous fear,
With one eye slept while t'other watched his dear,
Dearest Evelyn, I often think of you
Out with the guns in the jungle stew
The ardent fan ready before wedlock
To drop priorities for this loving dame
He tells you when you've got on
too much lipstick
There is no body without soul; there is no soul without body,
Similarly both the husband and wife, united together as one,
I hope that you realize your confessions are a burden to me
Much as I love you like a brother, your words are corrupting me
Against the sunset's glowing wall
The city towers rise black and tall,
The woman with chastity
..Is like the nectar to her husband!
Brighter than fireflies upon the Uji River
Are your words in the dark, Beloved.This is to the crown and blessing of my life,
The much loved husband of a happy wife;
GRIM monarch! see, depriv'd of vital breath,
A young physician in the dust of death:
If ever two were one, then surely we.
If ever man were lov'd by wife, then thee.
My Darling can't you see?
How very much you mean to me?
I leave for thee, beloved one,
The home and friends of youth,
Your eyes glimmer like bright stars on a dark night,
shining so beautifully, so hypnotic
My life, My body is now shared,
But, it seems so fair,
O thou Most High who rulest all
And hear'st the prayers of thine,
Thou, who dost all my worldly thoughts employ,
Thou pleasing source of all my earthly joy:
i will love, cherish, and take care of you
all the days of my life.
Wee wee husband,
Give me some money,
Loving, caring, sharing and everything
taking me as such and my anything
*obviously, I mean not him, but for the fact that he has to work so late so often... sigh.... :)
So, how did it happen?
Nurtured, sheltered and loved
is the way I feel
Wife and husband
Are pious both
Pardon the faults in me,
For the love of years ago:
you seem so tired
you seem so exhausted
(limerick)A Note To Richard, The Husband of Chris
The work that you did in our kitchen
It is not enough to have our own identity.
Our individuality is just one layer, a small brick
Two birds on the wing early morning,
Flying northward for a drink or a splash
Notwithstanding how you view the morn,
Or see the sunrise and the dawn,
We have no special identity but are one
It is accepted and denied by none
A Wonder without an Identity
A poem by: Abdel latif Moubarak … Egypt
i am reborn every morning
when i rise expecting
I know
Who you are,
I had one once -
an identity
All Nature is taught in radiant ways to move,
All beings are in myself embraced.
See the cotton flower
It is most valuable,
sun- - dark
moon- - pale
Holding in high esteem
My false self image
Haiku-Identity
============
i am, become...
i am the misconception,
I  lOST  MY  IDENTITY
Believe me! I lost entity of my own shadow
IDENTITY OF INDIVIDUAL
''''''''''''''''''''''
Identity: A Sonnet
That I am I, I surely know full well ;
Write down !
I am an Arab
Identity controls behaviour
Identity controls emotions
There are so many
People that are going
I'm dazed and confused
I'm tired of being used
To the P.H management....
I've been suffering
IDENTITY CRISIS
I took birth as daughter,
Identity gives a meaning to life,
A sense of belonging in a society,
From the alpine windswept quartz
rose the beautiful Frau Schwarz.
Identity loss
You are victim of your own perception
I have identity with you
It is my love.
Identity crisis
My identity is intact, see.
Identity of a person
Identity signifies complexity
Identity is not what I promise others
Identity is what I do when I am alone
I am fighting furiously with animals and bottles
In a short time perhaps ten hours have passed one
I believe not
In any slogan or
I suffer from the worldliness
I suffer in silence
I asked myself who iam.
I was looking for identity.
Look at me,
it's not my true identity
In the crowd of this creation
Who is ours and who is not?
Listen identity
my name was chosen
An individual identity
That matters in community
My sleeves hide my identity,
the side you’ll never know,
Identity, fragile image of broken mirrors
The start of hope and banished fears
Truest is my identity
Truest I'm here.
Dig deep
Who are you
Identity please security do ask
As you show them your identity pass
Our life experiences aren't the same.
We have our own personalites
She doesn’t know
what i’m on the other side
Life is a Visiting Card so, show it
Wife is a Memory Card, so store it
SOMEWHERE--in desolate wind-swept space--
In Twilight-land--in No-man's land--
I was not what I was
I'm not what I am
Rock Brokened
Melt in Stream
This is to the motherland,
Where I am born.
I wonder if the trees can hear me
When I scream aloud,
Identity is not what I promise others
Identity is what I do when I am alone
They all try to look the same
all try to give themselves a name
A hidden terrorism,
Without an iota of shame-
Identity
Where is my identity
Invisible identity
Unlimited forms eternally.
Losing identity
I accept everything
Loss of identity
Greed has poisoned
It was chillingly true.
You walked out─
Lost Identity
"Who am I? "
In this spiritual blindness
I hope and seek in vain
Lost identity.
My dream as a child.
To strive for love of mother,
of father, of teacher, of peers,
LOW FINISTERRE 1007 LOSING ITS IDENTITY BY THE SAME TIME
It’s BBC Radio 4
Mama Africa's identity,
And of the Fulanis and the Fulbes;
The thief of my Identity
To my Friends and Family
There are many times I have been mistaken
for something I am not.
The mother lay in a stupor filled
With alcohol and drugs,
Mistaking me
for myself
I thought it was the wind
Roaring like a lion
St. Peter went on holiday;
So Jesus stepped into his place.
He was all out of luck, the chips were down
On the day he walked through London Town,
i am a woman of many things
my style is rare
Forgive me, I thought somebody cared,
I thought it was you
My dream as a child
Became a passion in my youth
After years of aimless wanderings
Leaving behind the cities of midnight revels
Who am I,
What my identity,
I weep under the quilt
Alone in deep night
Lion hearted man
But like stone
Look at me,
Tell me what you see
This is the holy land
Where I was born
To fit into another's mould
Constantly changed shape
I'm changing.
Yes I know my face is the same
Personal identity
Women always need attention
Personal identity
Women always need attention
What, not who are you, is the question
On your identity
I am known to some
Who do not know me
inser an attitude
into between
Who is to say,
How someone else should be?
Traditional in
Appearance I am, but looks
Simple identity
Use word as lover
If ever I had dreamed of my dead name
High in the heart of London, unsurpassed
This is a stolen identity
Because I’m bent on forgetting me
I want my identity
With super quality
The kid identity
Look at me,
Identity is not a given;
it is a song; it is a quest.
Identity
What is that identity
If ever I dreamed of my dead name
High in the heart of London, unsurpassed
With identity card
I am moving here and there
First understand
Your own identity.
A precious child, my little grand-daughter,
full of chuckles, love and great laughter.
People who describe themselves,
As repeatedly victimized...
The seed has been planted
Inside the earth the seed will grow
Invisibly travelling hoping for someone,
to release him from bondage, trapped like a abalone.
Auguries of Innocence I
The bat that blocked will fall, Time’s sway
To see a World in a Grain of Sand
And a Heaven in a Wild Flower,
There, at top,
Lonely poplar sublime in a Mirage, _
One sunny noon, while chasing butterflies you &me,
Tried to unravel the mystery of the birds &the bees,
Secrets hidden well,
To cover up the shame,
Does anyone listen
for the cries
CRY OF INNOCENCE
Night when deep by the lightening
I am bound and broken,
Lying bloody on the floor.
It seems like Light Years ago
That sweet innocence
Like a seagull flying high,
As I hear your distant cry.
Trust and truth decided,
By those who believe...
Secrets, secrets
Lies, lies
Quiet.
Soft.
Fuelled by my innocence
I was on my way to the adulthood.
Her innocence shattered,
Like bullets through glass.
Twas on a Holy Thursday their innocent faces clean
The children walking two & two in red & blue & green
She calls school Shkool,
Never afraid to wake me up,
I miss my swing, I miss my whip,
I miss my mother's grip,
I don't know when I was born,
Maybe when humanity didn't exist.
innocence and desire
illusions of my thoughts
Innocence and silence.
A kind of state out of nature.
The way I got involved
I could not make revolt
as innocence is bath drowned
in aircraft carriers of steam blood
Lay me down tonight.
Don't mourn for my passing.
In a world where innocence is lost so quickly, I pondered if it
truly exists at all. Where does one go to find it . . . this freedom of a pure, existence amidst an age-old classroom called life who teaches that innocence is best ignored. It was when I stopped looking that I was able to "see" a world with an
Innocence is not an absence of legal guilt
Innocence is not freedom from specific wrongs
I heard too many songs of love, and I'm sick of love
sometimes I lie to be like everyone
I lost my innocence.
Not once not twice but more times than I can count.
A precious Gift
Wrought by the tenderest of Hands:
Oh lord forgive me
for what I have done
Innocent girl of seven
always looked at heaven,
Gently he took her by the hand
and  into the forest glade he led her;
You always looked straight past me
why couldn't you see the truth
It’s my all time favorite repose-compartment
Open the pages to see my ingenuous chapters
Innocence lost!
All of his life people had beaten him down,
Who says the Christ was crucified?
Who says the innocence ever died?
Love is delicate,
As like the petals of a rose
Unaware-underwater
Spurting bubbles, spurting
I have caught tears in my mouth,
washed in the dust of the dead,
When I was small, I was taught
you don't judge people on how they look.
Innocence!
He spoke once before
Innocence stolen without my permission
Innocence gone without my submission
They laughed at one I loved-
The triangular hill that hung
hopefully it shall be your
last pose
When I bypass you passes a chill
Through out my body, o lassi little
The waiting, the suspence
Everybody is feeling so tense.
The height of wisdom seems to me
That of a child;
Innocence is something amazing,
Innocence is life changing.
But that which most I wonder at, which most
I did esteem my bliss, which most I boast,
You are the spirit of children at play and
the innocence, of who they are.
i grew up to see
how cruel world can be
As the baby wakes frm his bed
he sees the world arnd him
I was visibly moved and perturbed
Out of gear completely and disturbed
You crawled into my bed
To make love for the first time
Innocence taken
by those who thought
You stolen my innocence
As a young child
Piping down the valleys wild,
Piping songs of pleasant glee,
Remember those lollipops we liked alot and licked.
I remember licking every bit and saving the sticks.
I swam through the snow
I swam the laps of innocence
Curiosity grows, finding new ground
Temptation breaks all resistance
A single picture has brought it all back again.
I can smell the smells
INNOCENCE, INNOCENCE OH WHY DO I CRY? INNOCENCE, INNOCENCE WHERE IS THE TRUTH OVER THE LIE? INNOCENCE, INNOCENCE CAN THE GROUND KEEP ME DOWN? INNOCENCE OH INNOCENCE, WHO KEEPS PULLING YOU DOWN?
FAIL TO THE SYSTEM MY INNOCENCE WAS TAKING AWAY
I met a little girl,
As fragile as could be
O pink horse, O timeless sun,
run on my body, run. Black magic
When voices of children are heard on the green
And laughing is heard on the hill,
You toy with the idea
Of  being my Empathy
Oft have I read that Innocence retreats
Where cooling streams salute ye summer Seats
When we talked you promised
That you would never leave
Peacefully asleep
tired of the journey,
Piping down the valleys wild,
Piping songs of pleasant glee,
Rags and things to clean the mess,
Dull pains below the belt.
(after Lord George Gordon Byron)
The soft glowing radiance of her face
Piping down the valleys wild
Piping songs of pleasant glee
Her face is beauty
Yet marred by the pain in her eyes.
Calm, tranquil visions
Colourful moments flutter
Re-collect
Re-ligio
In covert dim light
A nymphet came
Sentenced to death for a crime I did not commit,
Execution at dawn... such a cliché,
The Innocence of another time
Is lost forever-
Sleeping beside you I dreamt
I woke beside you;
I flicked of the TV
At a news report
The innocence of war is a lie
there is no innocence in killing people
Looking to the sea, it is a line
of unbroken mountains.
Innocent children..sexually and mentally abused! ! I stepped in their shoes and cried in pain.If you too feel the same, then step out and spread awareness among the kids.Listen to your child.Save innocence! ! 'Stop child Abuse'! ! !
I am a happy child
THE NIGHT HAS ITS INNOCENCE
The night has its innocence
Myrtle leaf, that ill besped
Pinest in the gladsome ray,
To recapture that innocence of loved missed,
May be easier done by a poet doing it.
“I have walked
a lot of dark streets
The eye of the sunflower
Stares into the clear skies;
The innocence of childhood it is a marvellous thing
And all children are untainted in their life's early Spring
Truth, The Real God
Not that we have made
^Death Of Innocence (2)
Playful laughter in a garden
^Death Of Innocence
A little girl was playing in the garden 'round her home,
Heart coalesces in unison longing love
distinction impulses unconsciousness
This, then, the question
for those whom it may concern –
Dear,
Just give me a day of yours,
Christmas, a joyful time of year.
Fun-filled days, lots of holiday cheer.
Snowflakes fall elegantly,
Ice glints glow for all to see.
All the time in the world
Can never be as precious
No matter how serene things
may be in my life,
It’s a joy smelling to high heavens
At day’s end, tending my garden
if it was a share
which gave you joy
Arms around your waist,
And hairflying in the air,
I  think  I'm  going  to  make  it  through,
It's  been  so  long  you  see;
Can a man of old age find joy in his day of old?
Truly there is joy and light! If he search in the
My love so intense
like fragrant musk’s incense
February 18,2009 coming up-Happy Birthday Afzal Shauq
Azak my Pakistan friend, I send you warm wishes for a most happy birthday
She who did not come, wasn't she determined
nonetheless to organize and decorate my heart?
The clouds are a skimming
Over the tops of the trees.
I see you
coming through these fields of joy
animal joy
freedom from
To the music of Beethoven's ninth symphony
Joyful, joyful, we adore Thee,
Joy, thou goddess, fair, immortal,
Offspring of Elysium,
'I have no name;
I am but two days old.'
We were happy all that morning
Ο God how happy.
Past ash cans and alley cats,
Fetid. overflowing gutters,
Joy calls
She needs help she pleads
Joy and joy
Find joy in living
Love is flying so high wind is here.
Balloons fly on a beautiful windy day.
Year's end is swiftly encroaching,
Leaving the present year behind,
Sometimes a light surprises
The Christian while he sings;
Sometimes a light surprises
The Christian while he sings;
There's peace and joy in knowing
That love and truth so reign
Now, joy is born of parents poor,
And pleasure of our richer kind;
Then a woman said, "Speak to us of Joy and Sorrow."
And he answered:
One can hear the voice of sorrow sobbing, sobbing endlessly
Yet it hides in dark recesses sorrow you can never see
As a fisher-boy I fared
To the black rock in the sea,
Joy and Sorrow.........
Joy and sorrow
Ring your sweet bells; but let them be farewells
To the green-vista’d gladness of the past
Joy
gets a bad press
I have a friend who is a cowboy,
he flies fast jets for Uncle Sam,
On these undulating hills where sheep roam free,
and every rabbit builds his own colony.
FIRST SPIRIT
Sister spirit, listen!
God has created everything in twain
Life - Death
She gave to all,
with caring hands
Joy- joy, enjoy; yeah,
Joy- joy, enjoy
Joy, Joy, Joy
J oy-filled cornucopia  that
The melody of the tune
Joy! Joy! Joy! Joy!
Oh how I enjoyed so very much
Fishing off a bridge
Is it possible?
Can it be done?
Let a joy keep you.
Reach out your hands
My heart is like a little bird
That sits and sings for very gladness.
A DRAGON-FLY with beauteous wing
Is hov'ring o'er a silv'ry spring;
When you gave me the whole world in a lollipop,
I licked it with glee!I am wild, I will sing to the trees,
I will sing to the stars in the sky,
There is much satisfaction in work well dond; praise is sweet; but can be no happiness equal to the joy of finding a heart that understands.Joy! shipmate--joy!
(Pleas'd to my Soul at death I cry;)
788
Joy to have merited the Pain—
When we were but a babe
taking our first, little wobbly baby steps.
My love for you,
How rich in depth?
I wanted to say hello to some cyber-friends,
poets and commenters who stopped by to
AS a butterfly renew'd,
When in life I breath'd my last,
At night the wide and level stretch of wold,
Which at high noon had basked in quiet gold,
My dearest Frank, I wish you joy
Of Mary's safety with a Boy,
If it were not for you
It seems that every day would be
I love to  spend, stay and live in the sea
MEGGIE, the mermaid they loved to call me
If you want to make noise.
Make the noises of joy!
Good morning Mr Magpie
alone again, like me
ONE hour to madness and joy!
O furious! O confine me not!
They call her Milly
next door,
IF the quick spirits in your eye
Now languish and anon must die;
Phyllis is my only joy,
Faithless as the winds or seas;
To regret is a kind of joy.
To repent is a kind of joy.
I pray you, Sadness, leave me soon,
In sweet invention thou art poor!
The moon whispers a sweet lullaby to an audience
Of starlets in the morning sky
Tune up your strings in harmony
Strike up your song of joy
Sing out, my soul, thy songs of joy;
Sing as a happy bird will sing
Is there not joy in being man, woman?
Is there not joy inhabiting the earth?
The greatest joy on earth is our children;
To see them born healthy and grow up well;
Love's Lunacy
Why do I speak of joy, or write of love,
There's not a joy the world can give like that it takes away
When the glow of early thought declines in feeling's dull decay;
Surprised By Joy
Surprised by joy — impatient as the Wind
Perfume of tenderness
Soft hugs of kindness
They put a leather belt around her
13 feet of tape and bound her
THE INNER JOY
The inner joy
Water, you send joy to my heart
To flow like an inspiring art
Beyond the glass snowfall is luminous.
Winter burns like a lamp upon the sill.
I
Let others sing of gold and gear, the joy of being rich;
Down the dimpled green-sward dancing
Bursts a flaxen-headed bevy,
One of the things that I'm most proud of
Since I was very young
It's good the great green earth to roam,
Where sights of awe the soul inspire;
What a thrill it is to travel
Perhaps in a different country
Read this morning people write
the end of their story right from
I love the way you take my hand and
Lead me through the lane,
THE PANGS that guard the gates of joy,
the naked sword that will be kist,
The  only  things  of  value
Contained  in  God's  array,
WYNTER wakeneth al my care,
Nou this leves waxeth bare;
My heart is racing
My nerves breaking
172
'Tis so much joy! 'Tis so much joy!
To the tune "As in a Dream"
I have long remembered
What joy has filled my empty heart
For so long starved of love,
Wine and joy are completely forgotten,
As well as his armor and sword.
Each day I live I thank the Lord
I do the work I love;
Your joy is my joy!
And, your laughter heals my soul.
I forgot to look
where the sidewalk ends
I was just staggering in the gate
with two heavy bags
To all poets
self-acclaimed     amateur
My aunt was old and very weak
but rich up to her ears.
A timid boy, that's what he was.
A nerd in school, though into sports,
The unfair injury burdened upon the shoulders of the African men and women.
The echoes of slavery constantly overshadows America’s path to the future.
The one
who is supposed to
This has something to do with whom it may concern
Dear all I know, ordinary and close, new or old
when i die,
you can burn
I am at ease to hate but tense when hated.
I am at ease to love but tense when rivaled.
THE father's name ye ne'er shall be told
Of my darling unborn life;
they say pride comes
before the fall
The United States
Supreme Court
Grey stone walls wherein confined.
A prisoner can meditate
A Dealer, bewitched by gain-promising dreams
Settled down near my Station, to trade with my Teams,
black man
in them poverty chains
(This poem is dedicated to Hollister #22.)
Delayed justice is better than no justice.
Thou hast no lightnings, O thou Just!
Or I their force should know;
The man is thought a knave, or fool.
Or bigot, plotting crime,
Fairness and justice are                                              Just two nominal words on                                             Our earth because we completely                                       Lack them anytime and anywhere,                                      They are just two words in shape,                                    But we lack them totally in content,                                 They are like you dream to get them                                   When you need them in life, so we                                    Pay very high price when we lack them.Mute nation, counting coffins,
Stands dazed by the pyre,
Forget Not Divine Justice!
What discrepancies
Freedom, Justice and Equality
sat down to discuss their differences
What happened to Trayvon Martin shouldn’t happen to any 1,
And yet, this killing is not the worse thing that has been done,
A LA FRANCE
France! ô belle contrée, ô terre généreuse,
i am, become...
i am the African slave
I am Trayvon Martin
Yo soy Trayvon Martin
Gardener:
Sir, I encountered Death
Is capital punishment justice or is it revenge?
This is the question that I want to defend.
Justice 2
What’s justice?
justice and equality...
two very human dreams,
The right way to bestow, the glow way to Integrity,
If you wanna bloom, build a habit of Honesty,
We are fighting for justice and peace for all,
And our young men are answering the call.
How can we speak of justice?
Mercy
It is true, fellow citizens,
That my old docket lying there for years
A nation raped…
Mute, stunned, indignant
Can justice be delayed under any circumstances?
Numerous cases can be sighted for instances
Prison
Dark room
Let us abandon then our gardens and go home
And sit in the sitting-room
i spit hammers and nails,
can taste bullets and swords.
The bards of old their stories told.
In rhyming verse they had writ,
Justice, that once moved in months, rare in years,
Took a short slumber if not sleep in snores,
Millions of us stand on the roads,
not waiting for the transports to board,
A Corolla came speeding, half asleep,
Right on pavement— a family's sole home
Laws are after all laws
With lot many lacuna and flaws
What is justice?
This unapparent fairness
Justice Justice
Where is it
Beware the might of the Justice League
If you're hellbent on dark intrigue!
Justice is superior to Mercy,
Yema, the embodiment of Justice-
In the recesses
of a creased mind
Slaves to the powers
of the external mind
How can be  a difference between peace and justice
I never knew there could be a difference
It was
Just another day
I'm walking
I'm walking
For justice, truth and peace to flow
Love too has fruit to bear
It is a fact
There are no shortages
Jack Doe met Dick Roe, whose wife he loved,
And said: 'I will get the best of him.'
Justice, justice, justice!
Where art thou? ye Stewarth?
come and see where it is
you find dancing the sea.
Justice is revenge for those who have suffered loses,
And for others it’s a punishment
Huts of childhood are in autumn,
Decayed hamlet; dark shapes,
An eighteen-legged female spider
had fallen in a vat of cider.
That Justice is a blind goddess
Is a thing to which we black are wise:
For those who reap us of thousands of grand’s
Lavish their wealth on treasures of the land
… Slow Justice
Is Better Than No Justice
Justice begotten in exchange is no justice,
For, exchange is trade,
October, 1918
Across a world where all men grieve
We can never create a single life,
So we shouldn't have right to take it,
When justice stands still
only the fool hearted,
An innocent man
lies his head down to rest
Loyaulte Me Lie
Echoes through history
A shimmering light
in the distance of my life
I assumed him wrong
He was not to be taken for real song
I am the love criminal justice Detective.
Have you been single for almost more than a year?
It's a troubled World we live in the World of today
But love with peace and justice only decades away
A jury sat around a tree
to judge a man for treason.
The fact is i have a poetry e-book, /
hence i find it hard to proceed with... /
In a lightly morn
A person was born
Unhappy goddess! Has then envious earth
Denied thine eyes the radiance of thy birth?
Touched by hardened love, taken slowly together
with each stitch.
i have my personal justice written across my pulse
constant thoughts and very clear needs
Sometimes we seethe with rage
over some heinous crime committed.
There is a law which guarantees
that as you sow so shall you reap,
She is passionate about
fairness and equality.
The cold dark nights living out on the streets,
People walking past, not caring enough.
TWO lawyers to their cause so well adhered,
A country justice quite confused appeared,
Part I
VAGRANT.
Where is the justice in this world?
where is the justice? I feel bored
For years together there were no rains
We adulated you, my God, impatiently then.
If the sudden tidings came
That on some far, foreign coast,
`
Provide us just scales
Avoidance of hazard
And wisdom of mind
i'm not trying to make people angry
this morning... an intelligent person
O shy maiden, cooking a time-torn dish,
You sail on high seas, always far from beach,
Wandering Justice
O! Dear, have I hit a miss?
when justice fails because the constable has blundered
do not be surprised, do not even be discouraged,
where's the freedom and justice?
trapped behind bars
They say they saw
Then they go and lie
Bloods shake in the wind
staining the invisibility of the air
Forceful protagonist
File themselves away
A fond kiss, and then we sever;
A farewell, and then forever!
Deserted by love
In the summertime,
If I were to stand in a pool of your tears
And found that my acts placed them there
How naïve these mountains are
They are trying to kiss the sky
One must not take love wrongly
A kiss may mean anything
I run through the rainbow
Drenching my mouth
Sweetness is on your lips
like honey flavoured early morning dew.
Butter fly
Fly
A kiss, simple though it seems!
A kiss, it is the stuff of dreams!
One wave falling forward meets another wave falling
forward. Well-water,
' A Kiss'
a kiss
I don’t care
I don’t dare
I kissed Rose right back
like that, without sorrow,
Clip clop, clip clop...
Drizzle kisses the parched earth.
This is your mother’s kiss, my child!
Don’t you worry: things will be fine;
What thing is that, nor felt nor seene
Till it bee given? a present for a Queene:
‘Twas Spring in a desert town
Chill was in the evening air
When I daydream
What do I see
1     Ae fond kiss, and then we sever;
2     Ae fareweel, and then forever!
When an angel sends
a kiss your way
The words i say today make the world fall away
The ring on your finger means your here to stay
Transience is so immense,
We pass in a flurry of being,
Every time I kiss you
After a long separation
The warmth of his body
Flows through his touch,
He dances with his shadow like a youthful Fred Astaire,
such symbiotic harmony, they make a perfect pair.
It was a late november night
I remember it well
Closed eyes can see,
lips upon lips.
While staring at an innocent yellow wall,
I decide I want my first kiss back.
Away from the night
Everyone moves across the street
Golden slumbers kiss your eyes,
Smiles awake you when you rise ;
I want to kiss you at nightfall once again.
I want to kiss your lips tonight again
I will kiss you smoothly in the silence of the night.
I´ll take of your lips the honeys of your soul.
The cat in the wintry yard
Shivered in the freshly fallen snow,
Just a kiss
of which I cannot dismiss
It was just a Kiss
A harmless little Kiss
The woman full.
The sun it burns.
kiss kiss kiss
the thing, you never want to miss.
'Oh, hi...'
NO!
Kiss kiss kiss
Even if she does not posses
i see your mouth,
blowing her a kiss,
kiss
my lips
Kiss kiss kiss I will
Again and again hold you
a passionate kiss
under the silver moonbeams
I love you in the rain
Walking lonely along the boulevard
Kiss me tonight without saying anything
kiss me until the blood sprouts
Kiss me and make it seem better,
Kiss me and quiet my heart,
Heart think
Lip's write
Sounds very Simple to do,
To Kiss me Quick
Kissing is an art, one most master
Kissing slowly is better than faster
Life is confusing
When your heart is sad;
They were a soft kiss that he felt on his lips.
The kiss was gentle and made him fell warm.
No one to stop you
Even you can’t deny
Kiss is
Tastey of love...!
Let heavens bear witness-
As two musk roses
The soft plump faded pink lips
the green eyes looking deep
You've got me burning
My mind's wheels keep turning
The Loneliness is unrelenting
Like the endless stretch of highway
Skinned knees
Aching bellies
In this barroom,
They serve shots of despair
your northern smile embraces -
shining stars in the dimming sky
Brunette lady
With dark mysterious eyes,
With an energy of love between our
Hands, fingers laced between the other.
I like to watch you sleep
Sometimes you sigh
The waters rippled on an incoming tide
The shimmering finger of the moon
That kiss, that kiss.
That kiss, that I do miss.
With wide open eyes, she looked at me,
And climbing up, upon my knee,
Let me kiss that special kiss
the one that's more than touch
An angel stood beside the bed
Where lay the living and the dead.
On Helen’s heart the day were night!
But I may not adventure there:
Woman, you are the one who lingers
In my mind with aching tenderness,
What smouldering senses in death's sick delay
Or seizure of malign vicissitude
As we journey
drift from drift-
1  Among thy fancies, tell me this,
What is the thing we call a kiss?
That kiss, that kiss
That childlike kiss
My mouth blooms like a cut.
I've been wronged all year, tedious
What's in a kiss; how many there-be...?
'So many, it boggles the mind's reality…'
'I saw you take his kiss!' ''Tis true.'
'O, modesty!' ' 'Twas strictly kept:
What smouldering senses in death's sick delay
Or seizure of malign vicissitude
The snow is white on wood and wold,
The wind is in the firs,
Here we are
Again in the circle
A kiss,
The kiss,
I hoped that he would love me,
And he has kissed my mouth,
To these I turn, in these I trust;
Brother Lead and Sister Steel.
AS WILLIAM walking with his wife was seen,
A man of rank admired her lovely mien.
The one kiss
I ought to have dismissed
I will kiss you
good night
There's a kiss to say I love you,
There's a kiss to say I care.
this kiss wasn’t just a kiss
this kiss was the demise of eternal bliss
Humid seal of soft affections,
Tend'rest pledge of future bliss,
Excuse me…
While I kiss this guy
A room
no music
You awaken
my sleeping
What is
kiss...?
Kiss is
Happness...
I  can feel your magical touch,
when you kiss me,
Your kiss, so sweet, so tender.
Your kiss that makes my heart swell.
Kiss kiss kiss me again*
Afterwards kiss kiss kiss my thoughts*
The kiss was two hearts in the warmth.
The kiss was two hearts enjoyed each other.
Driving down the highway,
In her brand new Porsche,
A kiss down by the riverside,
When the waterspouts
They looked up, Alligator and Crocodile,
and saw the most beautiful face smiling
Each time I hear a baby's laughter
I feel a tickle in my heart.
ALL the bells of heaven may ring,
All the birds of heaven may sing,
One of a kind this cheerful sound
A child's laughter wherever it's found
each of us is reflecting,
blue carbon paper,
And beholds freakish laughter …
Hasty rhythm and creative scope,
Have you ever heard a giraffe laugh,
Or a chimpanzee go hee hee hee?
In the middle of our porridge plates
There was a blue butterfly painted
It makes me want to laugh
sawing a girl in half
Daughters are in ways proverbial gypsies.
Content an playful in their itsy bitsys.
Dedicated to laughter! Yes!
It gives your brain a tickle!
We lie together
head to head
On thing I admire, nay two things
always strike me as admirable:
laughing faces
of little boys on the bank
Rain falls from heaven and we catch it on our tongues
We laugh a proper laugh
chasing after the fireflies
of fading laughter
We dashed outside
as the sky was falling.
Humour
means happiness
People say there is nothing funnier then laughter
You can even chuckle some long hours after
Laugh every day
It will add years to your life
Tenderly
I set the trap
Hold not thy laughter
For that joyful sound
Yes, her laughter rang hollow
but they stayed right behind,
I burst into laughter
whenever I hear
I crave your eyes, your laughter, your touch
I crave the smile of your eyes
O, laugh, laughers!
O, laugh out, laughers!
We laugh at the same funny things,
Our quick sense of humour just springs
I believe, in placing ones family first.
I believe that many successful people,
THERE is no laughter in the natural world
Of beast or fish or bird, though no sad doubt
Laughter and Joy had
Danced a dance of promise
As the Sun withdrew his rays from the garden, and the moon threw cushioned beams upon the flowers, I sat under the trees pondering upon the phenomena of the atmosphere, looking through the branches at the strewn stars which glittered like chips of silver upon a blue carpet; and I could hear from a distance the agitated murmur of the rivulet singing its way briskly into the valley.
When the birds took shelter among the boughs, and the flowers folded their petals, and tremendous silence descended, I heard a rustle of feet though the grass. I took heed and saw a young couple approaching my arbor. The say under a tree where I could see them without being seen.
The light turned red
and there I sat
LAUGHTER & CRIES
The question
Ay, thou varlet! Laugh away!
All the world's a holiday!
In the South lies a lonesome, hungry Land;
He huddles his rags with a cripple's hand;
Laughter is infectious.
It is a joyful sound that
Laughter is life
- - - - - - - - - - -
'Laughter is the best medicine, '
To everyone, this is well known,
LAUGHTER - LAUGHTER
laughter - laughter here I come
Laughter made me do it,
I swear
The late afternoon sun slants down in the corner
where grandpa stands always to against his winter
The desert never leaves you.
This graveyard rich with dust and
It was terrible
The cutting edge of its teeth
Laughter is a pleasant sound, it spreads joy all around
Whether you're young or old, laughter can be like
You, whom these eyes, no longer mine,
Shall see in the mirror's flash and shine,
If a person can laugh at himself
for any foolishness, they have done.
Laughter sort o' settles breakfast better than digestive pills;
Found it, somehow in my travels, cure for every sort of ills;
Laughter the best of human tendencies and outlet of emotions
One cannot avoid laughter throughout his life
Then the Lord smiles
Flowers florescence
WORRY stalked along the road,
Trouble sneaking after;
Born out of joy
Jovial moments are captured
If you need to heal what ales ya
go and laugh a hour or so.
Laughter
Mole-like token let it be bestowed on you
I buried your heart
one fine spring day
I Laugh at Life: its antics make for me a giddy games,
Where only foolish fellows take themselves with solemn aim.
What would I do without laughter?
A sad place indeed, it would be.
Laughter makes merry—
It’s good for your health.
I love to get a dance right.
When a dance does go wrong
Laughter  is  a  unique  quality  endowed  to  mankind;
It  is  completely  denied  to  the  animal  mind.
the sound of a smile in a voice
resonated ripples in my mind
Let get laughter way out of  yourself
Make the happy sound awake
Some time it is like Everest,
Shining with shroud,
the shell of a snail
long since departed....
How glorious new beginnings are
Of love and life and laughter
Three things that make my life complete
Are love, laughter, and you,  my sweet
Though with gods the world is cumbered,
Gods unnamed, and gods unnumbered,
Rod
a single point of penetration
Old Mister Laughter
Comes a-grinnin' down the way,
You were a 5th
season
Laughter is the best medicine for your blues
All sadness and worries you can say adieu
The ikon of that little face
always present asleep  or  awake.
Cheerful sound with big sound is called laugh
You energy is consumed almost half
Smiling faces beam of summer warmth
Greeting of jokes and cordial words
If we can laugh, our heart-aches disappear!
Our minds become freed off tensions and stress;
Not with libations, but with shouts and laughter
We drenched the altars of Love's sacred grove,
My soul
disguised as a shadow
TEARS AND LAUGHTER
Our life gets ensconced between our
Knew'st thou one month would take thy life away,
Thou'dst weep; but laugh, should it not last a day.I created you,
Gave you various forms,
The gift of laughter is a rare gift it is such a wonderful thing
And laughter can create more laughter to it there is such a beautiful ring
The children are playing football in the park off of the street
The joy in their laughter it does sound so sweet
The laughter of women sets fire
to the Halls of Injustice
The laughter in your heart
Would melt a melting pot
THE LAUGHTER THERAPY
(I)
Joe Lightheart
was his name,
You will soon hear guy,
the refrain of your laughter.
The sound of laughter is a thing of beauty for laughter spreads the very gift of joy
That people they are drawn to happy people is not that hard for to understand why
The other day I had had, The smell of spellbound emitted from her love, That made me sorrowful and as a dead man later on, But the blooming flowers were laughing and told at last- 'You  are in a state of being intoxicated...try to get out of obsession.'
My question was to them-
Just to hear your laughter,
I would throw myself off the highest cliff
She laughs
like water
We need some laughter in our lives since laughter makes us happy
I know this bloke he never smiles like baby with wet nappy
When the laughter stops
~
Take bread away from me, if you wish,
take air away, but
Your laughter blew into my life
With swift surprise.
Your Laughter
Original Poem by Pablo Neruda
People may not be laughing
All the way to the banks,
(Laughter)
Can you hear
w. m. d. ”s  does not mean weapons of mass destruction
But! Women! Men s destruction.
Πάρε μου μακρυά το ψωμί, αν το θες,
στέρησέ μου τον αέρα, μα
Meera was in the temple,
Along with common people,
So my question to you is simple and yet sharp as a knife,
Are you living a life of death or the death of your life?
On Hepatitis Day..approaching!
There he is, a very sick man.
It’s a life with commitment
It’s a life without complement
A life, a journey
without passion and affection
He was given a life
A life devoid of life
Tell me not, in mournful numbers,
Life is but an empty dream!
A student life is a golden life, truly it is told.
The student who has a golden crown of his study.
He. Never until this night have I been stirred.
The elaborate starlight throws a reflection
a life gone by.....suspectedly self sustaining
it ignited self.....self immolating
What did I do
that I had to
A confounding call from a secluded expanse
Keeps echoing, the vision is so vague
Each life converges to some centre
Expressed or still;
Thunderous mountains brought forth from slumber.
Clashing on air in the midnight mists of souls
When my aunt died 3 years ago.It was like I was in woods and couldn't find my way out of woods.But it wasn't like
I was lost in woods and couldn't find my way out.It was real lost when my aunt died with cancer.When my great grand
FULL of life, now, compact, visible,
I, forty years old the Eighty-third Year of The States,
I keep the Cross before my eyes
And know the sacrifice He made.
Life is for life when
Some help other in danger
If dead, we cease to be ; if total gloom
Swallow up life's brief flash for aye, we fare
I love life..
but i hate
Human life has rights to be
Walk and talk without a fee
Its hard to be me.
Everything isn't what it seems
My dear father,
Who was determined to educate me well,
'Moner manush aslo kachhe
Tare dhorline tui jadaye....'
They took your mortal remains and placed
them gently beneath a flowered covered grave.
Death no wonder
its endless inferiority
He wakes, who never thought to wake again,
Who held the end was Death.  He opens eyes
When the sun shines LIFE GOES ON
When the rain falls LIFE GOES ON
Escape me?
Never--
Escape me?
Never---
Being released from the womb of a woman
We walk towards another
And so my poem begins as life as lower class
waking up to see the clouds dark and the summers cold
Life is after all life
Whether you lead peacefully or with full of strife
Sometimes I attempt to climb ladders
Sometimes I hold pee in my bladder
Life is life, even though it’s tough,
You gotta live with it, even though it’s rough.
life is life, however it would go
love is love, no matter what would occur
This expression that
life is love and love is life
Life is no life
Tuesday,12th March 2019
In a round way of life
what does a man need?
Life is not to play trick,
Life is to make friendship
Life is stupid, life is dumb
Life is cruel, and devious to some
Life, what is life really about?
what is are reason for living?
life is temporary, so temporary that it is like something
that you see
Life is the body's light; which, once declining,
Those crimson clouds i' th' cheeks and lips leave shining:-
Through all the ups, all the downs,
Some will be there, some can't be found.
Life is what life is with you
Life is the deepest love of life
Life of my life, you seem to me
Like some pallid olive tree
LIFE, believe, is not a dream
So dark as sages say;
Where there is life there is love
Where there is love there is life
Life is a dream to some.
Drifting without a goal.
Life' it's not easy, it comes with its bumps and its grinds.
Picking us up at times in our lives then kickin us straight from behind.
As late I journey'd o'er the extensive plain
Where native Otter sports his scanty stream,
I dont know the purpose of my life
I am a giant, i am carrying the earth on my back
My writing, is the life raft,
that prevents my drowning,
Life, the wonderful dream
Never meets with reality
Life, what is the life?
That many of us complain about it
Life is always light
for some
A concept followed by us since ages
Skillfully adopted and managed
Through all the injustice making life not fair,
the world is choking, gasping for air.
Life is too short to be spent
griping about the past,
I.
Room after room,
The question'what is love' has grown from the stage of seed into a plant, in me...
Its heading towards a huge tree,
In the tranquility of hope
And divinity of love that
When love resides in heart
The head makes body to dance
in the love's blanket
our body melts together
those in music for the long haul
are chime web symphony enchanted
Western Wind
Western wind, when will thou blow,
If innocence and wonder together
Are the true foundation of wisdom
You are beautiful,
You give birth to my soul,
O ME! O life!... of the questions of these recurring;
Of the endless trains of the faithless--of cities fill'd with the
One life to live one life to love
Cherish the good disregard the bad
Everyone's life
Everyone's life's really tragic it seems,
As I was a-wand'ring ae morning in spring,
I heard a young ploughman sae sweetly to sing;
RARe 2nd Stanza - In Life And For Life
March 15, 2020
The more we live, more brief appear
Our life's succeeding stages;
in the midst of night
burn without predicament
Store up for a while
What things you might need
The experience of faith
affects all the faculties
Isn't this life is like
this frozen ice on the leaves,
Teachers are special, they enable...
Teachers are speakers to adults predestined in life.
The lost boyhood and the lost teen age,
Roaming on a bicycle in a small town,
Money, name nor fame,
Joy nor yet dharma,
The Best thing in life is life itself.
How we live it determines our role.
Light flows our war of mocking words, and yet,
Behold, with tears mine eyes are wet!
TO THE HONOURED MR ENDYMION PORTER, GROOM OF
THE BED-CHAMBER TO HIS MAJESTY
nature and our planet
are special sacred holy
Now, the spring season is almost over.
My Asian pear trees are loaded with green baby fruits.
Don't remember,
Still can't recall,
Life had come into my life
And furtively, had taken away
If after rude and boisterous seas
My wearied pinnace here finds ease;
★This Life This Life I Cannot Leave You Again
☆Luo Zhihai Lyrics and Translation
Tie the strings to my life, my Lord,
Then I am ready to go!
‘Too much of a good thing may be bad'
As the old cliche' goes
Traveling the highway one summer day
Looking at the land along the way
When sinks my heart in hopeless gloom,
And life can shew no joy for me;
WEAVE in! weave in, my hardy life!
Weave yet a soldier strong and full, for great campaigns to come;
Resembles Life what once was held of Light,
Too ample in itself for human sight ?
Not in thy body is thy life at all
But in this lady's lips and hands and eyes;
It has neither a beginning nor an end
You can never predict where it will bend.
Words beaten out of the frozen mouth are never remembered.
Memories as lovely as the moment when all sunflowers spring out in summer luxury are always thrown back into our knowledge luggage.
to compromise
one suffers a certain loss
959
A loss of something ever felt I—
I remember speaking to you,
Once upon some months ago.
To live with a loss so great
After time of month-long waiting
When I did name her little lost one, she
Brushed from her eyes the precious drops of love,
There was nothing violent
about the death of your thoughts
A mother to her son is no more a repute
If her modesty is suspected.
I envy not thy mortal triumphs, Death,
(Thou enemy to Vertue as to Breath)
Do I have an answer to loss?
Do you?
I remember the rain
Drenching from the blinds
without your family life would be cold
without your family the tears will flow
I: Loss
It’s been three years that we’ve gone out
Upon an eve I sat me down and wept,
Because the world to me seemed nowise good;
How can you grieve and express loss?
Do you cry loud think or choose?
Instantly life flashes through my mind,
It is raining, but there's not a cloud in the sky.
AH! who'll e'er those days restore,
Those bright days of early love
I bought an idol made of ivory.
All said it was good; it got its glory.
Words fall short
To express a sense of loss.
All has been plunder'd from me but my wit:
Fortune herself can lay no claim to it.'HOW DO YOU COPE'
How do you cope with the loss of a child?
When I was young, I saw happy ever after in your eyes.
The stars reflected in your auburn hair, and new horizons
When I compare
What I have lost with what I have gained,
Brother Jackson died a few moons ago. It is a loss.
It is a finale; it is the final curtain.
There's kinds of loss that can bum you out
The loss of a game
Going away,
I take one last look behind,
I have given this one most thought.
To learn this lesson you may not want.
“Our loss was light,” the paper said,
“Compared with damage to the Hun”:
In a solitude of the sea
Deep from human vanity,
When I compare
What I have lost with what I have gained,
Virtue runs before the muse
And defies her skill,
Great men by small means oft are overthrown;
He's lord of thy life, who contemns his own.When I had vigour
I had no valour;
Loss of love from your partner in soul:
A.k.a. jilt;
I was lost 6 months ago
It was lust that drove my soul
The loss of a child no matter what age
Doesn't seem to ease the pain.
A loss of a friend hurts
The loss of a best friend hurts more,
My Loss...
Of a Mother.
Curiosity grows, finding new ground
Temptation breaks all resistance
A single picture has brought it all back again.
I can smell the smells
When the faith is lost in the heaven
Then the peace will become an enemy in our soul
Death leaves heartache no one can heal, grief fresh, adjusting to losing a friend. In time memories bring humor and I'll laugh again and it will dissipate the pain. Things I don't want to happen but must learn to accept, adjust and believe happen for a reason. Remain in faith and prayer for friends and family I can't live with out but have to let go...those I have lost & My children that I am away from, I am missing you everyday.Watching the dismal streets,
the rain splasing down,
I thank the loss of my memory
Of those days when I had not a friend
In cold and bitter dark
Madness falls like rain
I wonder if you think of me at all,
I am and it’s not helping me any more.
A forgotten time
A forgotten society
Unattainable perfection
Highlighted flaws projected through a reflection
I saw her face in a painting
High cheekbones thin nose full lips
Losing someone so special to you
Someone you loved so dearly
Loss is something one deals with in their own way,
I've lost so much, its all but gone,
In the might Orange River
just past Augrabies
I never knew when you arrived,
Had no clue when you left.
Into the thousands
he flows and blends,
She gave the day its heart of fire,
She gave the night her soul of flame;
In the depths of the night,
As they stumble–in darkness,
the loss of a loved one is hard to face
but you know they're in a better place
The loss of your virginity to the one you love
you think it's wrong but he says it's all right
Loss can be good for us,
researchers say (Nolen-Hoeksema
I told him i loved him,
what a stupid mistake on my part.
I am so lost, alone, and misguided...
Where are the people I clung to?
Indeed we live in troubled times
Our days filled with angst n’ worry
If I could clasp my little babe
Upon my breast to-night,
All those poems
I never wrote
If I could catch the thieving critter,
Who stole my sense of humour,
IN the world was one green nook I knew,
Full of roses, roses red and white,
Let me not cry with your passing away.
For in my heart, you'll always
The candle melts itself,
And the wick burns itself,
I’m grateful to my birth
And dreadful to my death.
I loved her and lost all for her.
I lost her too and no regrets
On the loss of a young man
~
Written when the news arrived.
Toll for the brave!
The pain of loss is just too much
you will no longer be here to touch
In our world, you are still here in spirit, to guide us, help us and do what you do best, make us laugh when times get hard.
You are now the wind beneath our wings,
Each day a new sword flashes in the van;
Another leader, brave to do or die,
When a man loses, another gains.
For such is the law of this World.
I woke up one morning
Finding love in a strange place
8 years old
My little squirrel died
424
Removed from Accident of Loss
Hardest of Lifes lessons is loss,
In which having becomes without,
Woman is a host and man is a guest
In a sexual act, an accomplished act.
Losing a poem is like losing a life
A poem that seems set to make history
See that fallen Princess! her splendor is gone--
The pomp of her morning is over;
All through an empty place I go,
And find her not in any room;
today words escape me
I am sad beyond them
I wish there were words I can say
what I feel from day to day
They are calling their deliberate, derogatory antics,
Meltdowns.
1
The Eurydice—it concerned thee, O Lord:
Alas! Now o'er Britannia there hangs a gloom,
Because over 400 British Tars have met with a watery tomb;
I don't quite remember
When it was, or maybe
A defeat at the hand of a heavy weight
Or a defeat by a hair thin margin
PALE brows, still hands and dim hair,
I had a beautiful friend
The dust and smoke of the battle done
The dead left lying in the trenches
Fading laughter
From memories past
I have lost, and lately, these
Many dainty mistresses:--
Forgive me if I say the demise of your father
Brought me back to my writing once again.
I resent
What loss represents
Im sitting here looking at this old flower,
It's been about a half an hour.
It had been a long passing away.
A death that crackles the hardest stone,
loosing my hair
large wad in the brush
Law of love?  Sounds good… so, tell me more…
Love of law?  mmm…maybe…not so sure…
i wish to be the air you breathe
love that floods your every cell
love, oh what is love?
flowers in so many shapes and hues
Before you arrived
Love was just a four letter word
Well, honey it is January
And soon it will be February
(love is like)
Love is like a painting
so there you are in
your pram or kiddikarria
I remember that day when we came to know each other
We had a good chat and shared with all our views
Birds sing "I love you, love" the whole day through,
And not another song can they sing right;
LOVE for love, and moments sweet,
Lips returning kiss for kiss,
C for you to see
P for you to Pray
Your not here with me my love,
so I hold my pillow to my chest
Falling in love with love,
There's nothing like this,
My love is like an ocean
It goes down so deep
keeper of my heart
love me as long as i live
Hard is the love couples share as they try to reveal the love they share-
The words aren't there, hard to find, hard to seek. Love is hard and also blind when you try to hide,  and when you know its there.
I do not love you except because I love you;
I go from loving to not loving you,
I Love You
I Love Love You
My hands
cradling your head
I read her to see her
And see her to perceive her.
I love you because I love you...
and because I love you, I hate you!
Take a look at my poem, Spontaneous GenerationIf love were like water
I'd build you a fountain,
Of all of God's creation
I love you foremost
Here sits a boy so in love with this girl,
But he won't say a word cause it sets him in a whirl.
It's been hours now just laying in bed
Almost time to get up for work but only your in my head
Your beauty overwhelms me
As I wrap my arms around you
The seed of love is lying in my heart
the clouds are becoming heavy
life is life, however it would go
love is love, no matter what would occur
Love you in the morning!
Love you in the evening,
Through all the injustice making life not fair,
the world is choking, gasping for air.
Void, empty, hollow inside
My dreams have fled, my hopes have died
Valentine - A mark of love's effervescence,
Verily! Love's romantic exuberances,
In Love!
But……………………..
The time will come
when, with elation
Loss can be good for us,
researchers say (Nolen-Hoeksema
Your eyes in my heart,
vast, deep, bluish,
and right now, I’m spending most of my time
on the two matters of which I seem to know the least –
We do not have to seek for love
nor fear it ever go:
For thy heart beats of pain.
For it yearns for love
Even In sleep the old man weeps,
his heartbeat a throb, love gone - love gone.
Love
is found;
Love is the coin in the fountain
The wish that’s never granted
_________Author's Prologue____________
Originally written for my (then) 12 year old daughter
LOVE IS
Always good mannered, bears up under stress
I can not fathom, the reasons
nor understand the significance
Every one is each love
Some thing...
She took away my fears
and opened my heart
Love is the salt, in the life-meal
If you taste it unsalted, many times hurt you feel
How do you write a poem
about Love?
Love love love love and if love is okay,
I know love is there to makes you grow,
Love, love, love!
Is very special
From east to west from north to south
Let all creation find
Oh it's so easy to say -
'Give what you think you lack -
Love is not
Love...
call me
and I will rise
love...
love...
they were lovers once
emotions ripple in pond
Love, love, love...
Thanks goes to the all mighty one from up above.
Fingers mesmerizing cool and soft against skin
Tongues softly seeking whipping tasting lingering
Love me, love me, love me
White says love me
I once wrote some poetry - the best,
the finest POETRY
Love oh love is everywhere
Like inside my dream,
This is a LOVE poem about all the poems I love, about love, poems...
All who have tasted the finest love,
Soft and warm
Sealed with care
he offered her all the treasures that she desired
if only she could put out his fire.
Am I sick cos I hate to hate you,
You made me hate you,
Love to love,
Love to be loved.
Love was.....
When 'if' lay between you and I
LOVE - what is love?  A great and aching heart;
Wrung hands; and silence; and a long despair.
love love love  without love but love
love in midnight love in any time or place without  any  place
love you, and don`t know how to love you....
or why i love you...
Love's Beautiful
I was scared of love -
Thus piteously Love closed what he begat:
The union of this ever-diverse pair!
Love ere he bleeds, an eagle in high skies,
Has earth beneath his wings: from reddened eve
more than a love, I Love You...
I would travel a thousand miles, just to be with you...
I don't always tell you
that the joy you bring,
You said to me that you will be there on that day
but when that day came then you were not there for me
When I love you so, then I look at your eyes
Love can be anything when you are in my arms
My love, your love, his love, and our love
Are all different from each other
O love love love love love love love
Makes me so glad baby makes me so sad
PRIMEVAL my love for the woman I love,
O bride! O wife! more resistless, more enduring than I can tell, the
Am I falling for him or is htis just puppy love? Even though he's not mine I still get weak from his hugs. It's crazy how my parents say it's just puppy love but not this time around.What do I feel when i know im like a rebound? I want him to be the one but who really knows.....? I know he's good just like a pound of dro. So is it puppy love or is it real love? I may never know so this is the way i feel.....scarlet beats the heart
tranquility in my soul
X
Yet, love, mere love, is beautiful indeed
Yet, love, mere love, is beautiful indeed
And worthy of acceptation. Fire is bright,
The measure of love, in truth, is this:
To treasure each sigh, close by, then kiss!
I once was asked concerning love versus hate
Why does it seem that hate is so great?
To Love Or Not To Love
That is the question
If true love is love truly
then let true love be true
They say watching someone you love
Love someone else
Why do we love love so much when it never did us any good,
We love love for the fun of it, or just because we know we could.
for feeling cross heart of  seas like love
passionate roses and  lips
You give to me hope
And help me to cope
Something makes me sad
Something makes me mad
My heart is a wanderer in love
May it ever remain so
Beware, my Love
Of the thunder
The side glances of the lover
From the east from the mountains
I know where shall he go
Seven seas or oceans as he lives
The sun went down for the night to cover
The earth that lay bare in front of me
Are stolen fruits the most exciting?
Down on you with tongue delighting
Jealous ones get (envy)     upon a beauty,
A beauty that has swiped two souls,
Into the dark, dank cellar
I lead you by the hand
There is no love or lust
it is body hunger and must
A night of lust and love
Brush your lips against my neck
You glance over and smile,
A smile just for me,
eyes the color of gold
there is a story that must be told
Are you in lust with the world and all its glory?
Are you caught up in fantasy, some fairy- tale story?
Feeling restless, feeling high
This aching heat, it will never die
They say
Death is not what it seems
Blood dripping from the fangs
that bite
I make my way, through the heavily treed,
leaf covered path, I suddenly see you.
I once had a secret crush
People say it must be lust
O Lust! you're burning holes in our affair.
We lost our brazen face without a care-
Tequila breath, death, sex, your face.
Little dirty secrets and your young taste.
And spending a lot
Over cosmetics, costumes and gyms
Entranced by the jewels of youth
when mischief rules our minds,
Gnarled Lust
is a blackened tree
Love can be
A miracle surprise
If beauty is only skin deep as they say
Into your body I would find a way.
Day in, day out, we  spend precious time together
Talking and sharing things which interest each other
Introduction: Limit itself has a limit of its own…
A walk, mile after mile
I was lost 6 months ago
It was lust that drove my soul
Thoughts of you, how my temperature rises
Your body next to mine so divine
Bodies entwined
Hearts resounding
Many memories flow through me like blood of a scholar
Or the winds of Mother Nature whispering in your ear
Love awakens any age
Fifties thirties teen
In loving someone,
I cannot tell,
Each shall have a room, as they are distinct
As love is blind, lust has eyes wide open for its games
Love is something devine
falls from the heaven to earth
Love you with a deep desire
Lust for you with my whole being
A love so secret, veiled and dark,
Hidden deep within my heart.
She wont eat
And she can't sleep
LOVE OR LUST.?
i did everything i could
Preoccupied with sexual notions
Centered on one major outlet
The drought kills the thirst
Harvest is a rarity
Well designed hearts
In the sands in deserts
To say that love is breeze and lust, tempest
Or that love is spring and lust is summer
Straight from the gutters of hell!
She blows, sweeter than sugar
Gazing upon the turquoise-beaded necklace
Of a dark, mysterious Turkish girl,
Discontented heart and a restless soul,
unaware i was of my goals.
Trecking in from the wind,
Is a beauty so joyful,
Enraptured by the mystic starry sky
Vincent so desperately wanted to try,
He's just too 'touchy feely'
He gets too close to me
Be she a metal, coal or oil,
No woman is immune to combustion of lust.
As a lad I set my eyes upon girls
With radiant faces. For a kiss?
Ignition
She had risked the fire of her face
He lusts for her
Her apple breasts
Tho' you crush the fang
Of an erratic, cunning cub,
If it’s lust or love
nobody will ever know
Some say they believe in
love at first sight…
Lust is what I speak tonight,
Lust is what I see tonight,
When on Vedas I concentrate,
Human passions come in spate;
Lust, a burning, searing flame
that creeps through your veins.
I want your body, I want your mind
I want you with me all the time,
lust is a passionate desire. When I lust I cant to be tamed you think SEX but I think LIFE.......nobody can stop you from lust more you lust life more you become he who is untamed not worrying about the opinion of others but only of your own. For you are your own worst enemy, and I am that enemy that will stop at no end to defeat my offenders.
SpadezIt's like a loud gale...
scorching hundred miles an hour
A Flurry of texts hot talk and sex charged environments can have adverse effect causing defects in the heart and soul lasting till you grow old regrets beget sadness that's an easy way of slipping into madness but i digress from the point of this there is none not a single reason for this a sickness so seductive never wanting to miss a second of each sweet kiss a love drunk bliss until words fly like imaginary fist's and heart's are pummeledWhat is it really?
Is it within you? ..is it
Lust destroyed my love
Lust pushed away my one
I hear the words you say to me
I see the way you look at me
Don't Let Lust Get You
It Will Betray, The One You Love
A mere sight
of your body,
The heavens may forget
that lovers sit on idle haunches
Submitting to lust.
Passion and emotion combined to a rush.
To feel your hands once again
To feel your warm breathe on my neck
My body yearns for you, craving your hungry touch.
Igniting a fire within me I never wanted you so much.
Today i realised
lust is not lust
sail with me
on my boat to the sea
...and then i hold
on to my body part
With-in my mind
I make the scenario,
The lust wounds
the flesh kills
My lust for you is like a fire
All it does is burn
Orange slice
inside
Peeping at porno
downloaded three years ago
Far far away
Deep in space
In my mind i capture and seduce you with the inevitable blashphemy dreams of sex
Lust at our sight dominating our control of the prudent mind,
Bizarre déité, brune comme les nuits,
Au parfum mélangé de musc et de havane,
SENUALITY AND LUST
esspeecee …09.06.09
The world knows it and yet falls in this swamp,
Though knowing well one can’t come out alive;
The feel of your teeth
On my ear lobe,
Are you blind or eyes were gone
In lust or many more
i have seen the fullness of the glory of
the front
With padded feet from out his own dark den
Comes smiling Lust, once fair and hard to
The last with lust...
between your arms...
Wake me up from this dream,
Nothings ever as it seems.
Lust means luxuria, lechery, lasciviousness and sensuality.
Lust means intensive desire for sexual pleasure,
The lust for power and money to corruption lead
And some cheat and lie to satisfy their greed
The lust for power is an addiction the Government their own praises do sing
And rubbish their main opposition as to Government they try to cling
The lust for power consumes men
Blinds the mind and pollutes reason
I care not for my Lady’s soul
Though I worship before her smile;
Sweetheart...
come...
The lust we fought for in now just a pile of ash.
The lust we fought for was a lie to it's very last.
I thought you were history when,
I heard the slam at the door!
What is the night's remorse if not the regret of your lips gone from mine?
Is it the moon mocking the sun in its endless game of chase?
These days everybody uses word love to express his or her feeling
But the problem is majority of them don’t know the real love meaning
the days when liking someone was so simple and meaningless
like someone for no reason, or purpose
Do you ever see me bleed? how my eyes be come so numb
How my body felt so cold and froze can't seem to move a bit
I don't believe in love, I decided long ago:
that other hearts were summer heat and mine was winter snow
My heart beats faster as I almost expect you to be there,
As I look for you for, for  your eyes, for your lips, for your touch.
and brought back with her
the first few primroses she did not pick
I speak to you easily,
shadowy figure in my mmeory,
dry grass prickles my feet,
9 years old ignorant toward
Waiting patiently a quarter to one,
we heard the whistle blow.
Walking  barefoot  in the sand
basking in the early morning sun,
Look me up at 2: 00AM
When the last lonely bar has closed
I
In Casterbridge there stood a noble pile,
Somewhile before the dawn I rose, and stept
Softly along the dim way to your room,
When June comes dancing o'er the death of May,
With scarlet roses tinting her green breast,
They mouth love's language. Gnash
The thirteen teeth
THE moments passed as at a play;
I had the wisdom love brings forth;
Adown the grass-grown paths we strayed,
The evening cowslips ope’d
Four ducks on a pond,
A grass-bank beyond,
Shall the great soul of Newton quit this earth,
To mingle with his stars; and every muse,
St. Andrews, 1923
The, Gods that are wiser than Learning
She found his ring
the other day
After the funeral, mule praises, brays,
Windshake of sailshaped ears, muffle-toed tap
1
A sudden bliss has seized my mind,
SHALL I strew on thee rose or rue or laurel,
Brother, on this that was the veil of thee?
Listening to ' Beatles Sunday Morning'
Reminds me of a foggy London memory.......
When I look upon a photograph.
Not so long ago, not so faded.
High in the sky, like a bird in the air,
One lonely kite, soars peacefully there,
Crazy Loneliness Hijacks Memory of a Beautiful Girl
Last night
What beck'ning ghost, along the moon-light shade
Invites my steps, and points to yonder glade?
DEAR SHADE OF HIM, who grac'd the mimick scene,
And charm'd attention with resistless pow'r;
NEAR yon bleak mountain's dizzy height,
That hangs o'er AVON's silent wave;
"With female Fairies will thy tomb be haunted
"And worms will not come to thee." SHAKSPERE.
Long ago, I was wounded. I lived
to revenge myself
To finger-sponge crust crumbs of fruit meringue
(Grass prickling through the blanket-tablecloth);
If the memory I have of you
Were small enough to fill a thimble
A long time ago,1976 to be exact
a friend said I should go along
I
The angels guide him now,
Blessed be Thou for all the joy
My soul has felt today!
FIVE-AND-TWENTY years have gone
Since old William pollexfen
The light of evening, Lissadell,
Great windows open to the south,
When snow like sheep lay in the fold
And wind went begging at each door,
Here is my gift, not roses on your grave,
not sticks of burning incense.
Now that we're almost settled in our house
I'll name the friends that cannot sup with us
My quietness has a man in it, he is transparent
and he carries me quietly, like a gondola, through the streets.
I do not think of you lying in the wet clay
Of a Monaghan graveyard; I see
Beautiful brown mixed with black and white
Eyes that sparkled with the call of going out into nature
Back to the flower-town, side by side,
The bright months bring,
Heavens above! here's an old tie of your--
Sea-green dragons stamped on a golden ground.
Oh Britain! dear Isle, when the annals of story
Shall tell of the deeds that thy children have done,
"Fate snatch'd him early to the pitying sky."
- POPE.
A gentle touch upon the forearm
with a hand, gloved or warm with life,
I thank the loss of my memory
Of those days when I had not a friend
I remember well, the curse of Sarajevo
My friends cheering, the black line
I.
See! what an undisturbed teare
The wind skirts
the lake
I split the atoms
apart
Do you ever hear a haunting refrain,
Which takes you back to that moment again,
You say love is this, love is that:
Poplar tassels, willow tendrils
Every old man I see
Reminds me of my father
Memory of sun seeps from the heart.
Grass grows yellower.
you've been gone for quite some time
but the memory of you still lives on
You are but a memory to my dear heart
that dwindles as each day passes me by.
I
A wide-spring meadow in a rosy dawn
Brightly the sun of summer shone,
Green fields and waving woods upon,
It was a happening,
a moment in time,
ask me to tell how it feels
remembering your mother's face
O MEMORY, thou fond deceiver,
Still importunate and vain,
Like a shell on the beach...
My memory lingers on....
When I was young my heart and head were light,
And I was gay and feckless as a colt
My mind lets go a thousand things
Like dates of wars and deaths of kings,
SO shuts the marigold her leaves
At the departure of the sun;
ONE had a lovely face,
And two or three had charm,
A pen--to register; a key--
That winds through secret wards
And,
It's raining
Late, late last night, when the whole world slept,
Along to the garden of dreams I crept.
Chill penury repress'd his noble rage,
And froze the genial current of his soul.
(To have been read before the statue of Lafayette and Washington in Paris, on Decoration Day, May 30, 1916).
I
Soul of the Poet ! wheresoe'er,
Reclaimed from earth, thy genius plume
O THOUGHT, fly to her when the end of day
Awakens an old memory, and say,
When Faith and Love, which parted from thee never,
Had ripened thy just soul to dwell with God,
Remorse -  is Memory -  awake -
Her Parties all astir -
Memory, hither come,
And tune your merry notes;
So bends beneath the storm yon balmy flow'r,
Whose spicy blossoms once perfum'd the gale;
Circa 1904 -- Done out of Boethius by Geoffrey Chaucer
Blessed was our first age and morning-time. Then were no
THE WATERS make a music low:
The river reeds
and then in between remarks,
you fall silent, still, the eyes
Divorced, but friends again at last,
we walk old ground together
As she lay dying with the radio playing softly in the background,
The notes of a song so sweet tickled and triggered her memory,
The very memory of your smile
The thoughts of seeing you again
You are abruptly lost
Like a kite
Strange Power, I know not what thou art,
Murderer or mistress of my heart.
Oh in this dearth and winter of the soul,
When even Hope, still wont to soar and sing,
A gentle spirit now above
Once animated what lies here
Petals torn from faded roses,
Memories stored in jars.
Farewell, too little and too lately known,
Whom I began to think and call my own;
The day returns again, my natal day;
What mix'd emotions with the Thought arise!
BEYOND where billows roll or tempests vex
Is gone the gentlest of the gentle sex!
Thou youngest virgin-daughter of the skies,
Made in the last promotion of the Blest;
Travelling down the memory lane
is not all black 'n white.
(Nicola Sacco -- Bartolomeo Vanzetti)
Executed August 23, 1927
Years ago, we came to the end of the line,
both went our separate ways,
Your memory stays on
While you are long gone
I can almost see you from my window
the way you sauntered up to my door.
Told myself today was gonna be the day
No more excuses~~I knew just what to say
Memory
Plays the keys
You look good and you know it too
Why no one is as pretty as you
Could it be possible to live without money?
Why can’t man live without money in the world?
With increasing needs thoughts of money have increased
And man is left in the world to live only for money forever!
nothing comes free..here
everything is tagged
Because of money people wish on others harm or ill
And because of money people others do injure or kill
Cigarette addiction kills people
But it makes me lots of money
Don't waste your money on me
I appreciate that you were thinking about me
Due to money good friendships have come to an end
For money can make an enemy out of a friend
Gran father money
Father money
Outside the long window,
With his head on the stone sill,
Long have I lived this life. I have finally come
to the realization, that all the gold in the world,
Financial steps led
Shoes thru the same greedy grease
If you have money problems your problems are not small
And that money speaks all languages that goes for one and all
He is sixty his hair dyed brown and she is a natural blond of nineteen
And strolling hand in hand along the beach road every evening they are seen
Lord help me pay my bills, that's what I said yesterday
As my pen ran out of ink and my bank balance shrank
One can liken love to money; If one
gives a bit to everyone they meet,
Money
Is not money...
Matter is more important than mind or heart
In this money world that rules all mankind!
Had you a choice, would you choose a
mate for money or for what the person
Mind set
All to make money
Money, get away
Get a good job with more pay and your O.K.
Money and me, we’re such a team
Money and me, inseparable we
Money can buy a house,
But not a home.
The rich and famous
can buy almost everything,
Money can’t buy you class
Happiness or respect
My belly aches for precious food
my androgens are in the mood,
Don't listen to a word they say,
Money can't really be that way,
Can money give you ample sleep at night?
Can money bring you satiety you want?
When all birds else do of their music fail,
Money's the still-sweet-singing nightingale!Baby, you are soft and sleek,
Wearing cotton and linen dress,
Professed striving, thriving in kitchen life
Woman of yesterday was a home maid
I do not believe in money
I believe not in money money funny
We all crave and long for money;
the rich, the poor, the young
Years of toil sweat and struggle
Looking for gold in all that rubble,
I know I have the answers
I’m sure I have the cure
Money! money! money! “who”, needs money?
Yeah right, - ask me another question honey-
Accounts
cause
Holds fast to money
You can not do anything
But which came first?
Money or man?
money makes sense
sometimes we make sense with what makes sense
Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money
.Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money
Money, Money, give me some more
And the thirst for money never ends
You have money
You are hungry
Money money
Is going to get me a girl
Money is survival
Money is nice
Money is a kind of poetry.
- Wallace Stevens
We walk down many avenues,
and along many streets,
Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money
.Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money Money
In the Human World money speaks every language some say
And all things have a price on them 'twould seem that way
money can be power
many people become inslave to the almighty dollar
Money can buy costumes but not beauty
Money can buy idols but not devotion
Money is the root of all evil,
Money was blessed by the devil,
An introductory lecture
This morning we shall spend a few minutes
Money
Money
Stolen by poverty
Let stolen by 'antipoverty'
Money hard earned
Money to burn
Money money money
Brighter than sunshine, sweeter than honey.
Greed
Need
Money is precious money is power
Money is a devil cunning and evil
When I had money, money, O!
I knew no joy till I went poor;
Money can buy costumes but not beauty
Money can buy idols but not devotion
Money Saved Is Money Earned
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Money talk's,
Money talk's,
Money talks
Put it to work
The village streets are dark and cold.
Most stay at home and watch T.V
A paragraph from a book by - Washington Irving - The History of New York - about the fortunes of money, that I am presently reading. I hope it will share some wisdom.
' If we could get a peep at the tally of dame fortune, where, like a notable landlady, she regularly chalks up the debtor and creditor accounts of mankind, we should find that, upon the whole, good and evil are pretty nearly balanced in this world; and that though we may for a long while revel in the very lap pf prosperity, the time will at length come, when we must pay off the reckoning. Fortune, in fact, is a pestilent shrew, and withal a most inexorable creditor; for though she may indulge her favourites in long credits, and overwhelm them with her favours; yet sooner or later, she brings up her arrears, with the rigour of an experienced publican, and washes out her scores with their tears. 'SINCE', says good old Boetius in his consolations of philosophy, 'since no man can retain her at his pleasure, and since her flight is so deeply lamented, what are her favours but sure prognostications of approaching trouble and calamity.'
Ten years ago, in Tennessee
I grew myself a money tree.
One day a man came to my house with a seed.
I decided to buy it because of my greed.
Money you can't take with you when you die
So before you die I hope you decide
No man such rare parts hath, that he can swim,
If favour or occasion help not him.no money to do anything with
its hard enough to get by
These coins that jostle on my hand do own
No single image: each name here and date
peace..
love..
A bad habit they form as a young girl or boy
To have power over others some people enjoy
It is a fact that human beings cannot live without money
People go to work everyday because of money
We see the super stars with all their
bling and fancy cars, with thier  hair
Money, we seek in life to fulfil needs;
Most labour hard to gain some extra wealth;
Money can get a person murdered but
It can’t ev’r bring back life that has once left;
What's the formula for success in life?
Hard-work- this answer, everyone agrees;
Let money be thy servant, not Master;
So, put thy wealth in use for mankind's sake;
Where Pyramids and temple-wrecks are piled
Confusedly on camel-coloured sands,
The lust for power and money to corruption lead
And some cheat and lie to satisfy their greed
I dreamed I grew a money tree
outside in my yard.
The story's told
Of long ago
Exchange in greed the ungraceful signs. Thrust
The thick notes between green apple breasts.
Throughout our rambles much we find;
The bee trees burst with honey;
'Tis in the power of money real fame is to be found
And money is always involved where corruption abound
It seems as if he was thrown out of
The bar
I’m delighted by the velocity of money as it whistles through the windows
of Lower East Side
WARS BRED MONEY AND RICHNESS AND POVERTY
ALSO BLOOD OF HUMANE BLOOD HIM SELF
call it the greenhouse effect or whatever
but it just doesn't rain like it used to.
Some one else will own your property when you are dead and gone
The day you die the World won't stop life it will carry on
Money we all know is a medium of exchange
Buyers and sellers relate to each other through money
Wearing worry about money like a hair shirt
I lie down in my bed and wrestle with my angel.
Seems everyone just hates to see me change
But my brain feels maimed with no ambition of fame
Money Money Money
You're just a a thing in itself
Putting money in the bank
Feeding the pig
People think that money is everything.
Well news flash for them money is not everything! !
When i think of mOnEy
i think of rich people
long walk at night
the breeze freezes my spirit
Look at the moon
Shining so bright
Written in July, in an arbour
Thou silver deity of secret night,
There stood a Poplar, tall and straight;
The fair, round Moon, uprisen late,
Now as Heaven is my Lot, they're the Pests of the Nation!
Wherever they can come
240
Ah, Moon—and Star!
Amongst the flowers I
am alone with my pot of wine
Long walks at night--
that's what good for the soul:
translated by Will Kirkland
The moon came into the forge
[Written to the Most Beautiful Woman in the World]
M< Sweetheart is the TRUTH BEYOND THE MOON,
BLESSED be this place,
More blessed still this tower;
Blossoming from the rock
A soul of a desperate lock
Yellow moon peeps at me
Behind the shadows of the night.
The child's wonder
At the old moon
My tears are like the quiet drift
Of petals from some magic rose;
The dark moon is rising
No silver left to see
Face of the spring moon--
about twelve years old,
Moon are
swimming
Art thou pale for weariness
Of climbing Heaven, and gazing on the earth,
PARNELL'S FUNERAL
UNDER the Great Comedian's tomb the crowd.
It's said the moon has power over man -
It governs our body mechanisms,
Above the tower -- a lone, twice-sized moon.
On the cold river passing night-filled homes,
When I was a boy I called the moon a
white plate of jade, sometimes it looked
Harvest moon--
called at his house,
After dark
Near the South Dakota border,
I watched the Moon around the House
Until upon a Pane --
Mother, the moon I want as my toy.
I will roll on the floor,
2 a.m.
December, and still no mon
Listening to the moon,
gazing at the croaking of frogs
LOOK down, fair moon, and bathe this scene;
Pour softly down night's nimbus floods, on faces ghastly, swollen,
You are the moon, dear love, and I the sea:
The tide of hope swells high within my breast,
When the moon was full they came to the water.
some with pitchforks, some with rakes,
Two past midnight
a very bright light awakened me.
I
The Moon is like a ping-pong ball;
moon, moon, crazy moon
natural moon
A bright moon rising above Tian Shan Mountain,
Lost in a vast ocean of clouds.
Face of the skies
preside
Mrs Moon
sitting up in the sky
PALE GODDESS of the witching hour;
Blest Contemplation's placid friend;
Struggling, and faint, and fainter didst thou wane,
O Moon! and round thee all thy starry train
Once upon a time I heard
That the flying moon was a Phoenix bird;
They sleep within. . . .
I cower to the earth, I waking, I only.
Son of the moon
You are brilliant
The moonlight breaks upon the city's domes,
And falls along cemented steel and stone,
The glitt'ring colours of the day are fled;
Come, melancholy orb! that dwell'st with night,
Now every leaf, though colorless, burns bright
With disembodied and celestial light,
O Moon, bright Moon, in all thy glory bound
Thine aspect shall yet soothe the trembling heart
Press'd by the Moon, mute arbitress of tides,
While the loud equinox its power combines,
Whether the Turkish new moon minded be
To fill his horns this year on Christian coast;
With how sad steps, O Moon, thou climb'st the skies!
How silently, and with how wan a face!
Tonight the moon dreams in a deeper languidness,
And, like a beauty on her cushions, lies at rest;
Sun and Moon
Wishful lovers
Full moon jags
Round this little town
THE cat went here and there
And the moon spun round like a top,
CRAZED through much child-bearing
The moon is staggering in the sky;
The man cut his throat and left his head there.
The others went to get it.
Slipping softly through the sky
Little horned, happy moon,
The cruel Moon hangs out of reach
Up above the shadowy beech.
The Hunter's Moon rides high,
High o'er the close-cropped plain;
I think the moon is very kind
To take such trouble just for me.
[How different people and different animals look upon the moon: showing that each creature finds in it his own mood and disposition]
The Old Horse in the City
Whilst the moon decks herself in Neptune's glass
And ponders over her image in the sea,
This fact is clear....Both man and woman
Prize not what's good, but what's uncommon ;
The Moon, how definite its orb!
Yet gaze again, and with a steady gaze--
He coveted her portrait.
He toiled as she grew gay.
Sleep! Cast thy canopy
Over this sleeper's brain,
The sunset melts upon the Nile,
The stony desert glows,
Time wears her not; she doth his chariot guide;
Mortality below her orb is placed.
I
AND, like a dying lady lean and pale,
The moon has a face like the clock in the hall;
She shines on thieves on the garden wall,
THE stars about the lovely moon
Fade back and vanish very soon,
Thy beauty haunts me heart and soul,
Oh, thou fair Moon, so close and bright;
Beautiful Moon, with thy silvery light,
Thou seemest most charming to my sight;
The moon tonight--
I even miss
I sit here, an arch-villain of romance,
thinking about you. Gee, I'm sorry
737
The Moon was but a Chin of Gold
What have you got in your knapsack fair,
White moon, bright moon, pearling the air,
The beautiful and slender young New Moon,
In trailing robes of pink and palest blue,
An old man cocked his car upon a bridge;
He and his friend, their faces to the South,
871
The Sun and Moon must make their haste—
And like a dying lady, lean and pale,
Who totters forth, wrapped in a gauzy veil,
The young May moon is beaming, love.
The glow-worm's lamp is gleaming, love.
THE moon shines in my body, but my blind eyes cannot see it:
The moon is within me, and so is the sun.
They lived enamoured of the lovely moon,
The dawn and twilight on their gentle lake.
Thief of the moon, thou robber of old delight,
Thy charms have stolen the star-gold, quenched the moon-
With a jar of wine I sit by the flowering trees.
I drink alone, and where are my friends?
Since the disorders in Henan and the famine in Guannei, my brothers and sisters have been scattered. Looking at the moon, I express my thoughts in this poem, which I send to my eldest brother at Fuliang, my seventh brother at Yuqian, My fifteen brother at Wujiang and my younger brothers and sisters at Fuli and Xiagui.
My heritage lost through disorder and famine,
With musing mind I watch thee steal
Above those envious clouds that hid
Art thou pale for weariness
Of climbing heaven and gazing on the earth,
Hide this one night thy crescent, kindly Moon;
So shall Endymion faithful prove, and rest
With how sad steps, O Moon, thou climb'st the skies!
How silently, and with how wan a face!
Under the harvest moon,
When the soft silver
Under the crescent moon's faint glow
The washerman's bat resounds afar,
I HAVE no happiness in dreaming of Brycelinde,
Nor Avalon the grass-green hollow, nor Joyous Isle,
Not the moon. A flower
on the other side of the water.
What counsel has the hooded moon
Put in thy heart, my shyly sweet,
Two statesmen met by moonlight.
Their ease was partly feigned.
White in the moon the long road lies,
The moon stands blank above;
With how sad steps, O Moon, thou climb'st the sky,
"How silently, and with how wan a face!"
504
You know that Portrait in the Moon—
In life’s ups and downs, good or bad
She’s always with me happy or sad
I'd known her all my life,
nursed her for seven years
Father and
Mother love too
From the first it had been like a
Ballad. It had the beat inevitable. It had the blood.
Now - our home is extremely lonesome
Since my son went away.
A mother is a child
She is younger than her children
Theirs times that you’re not around.
Theirs times it seems like you don’t care.
Is she not lovely!  Oh! when, long ago,
My own dead mother gazed upon my face,
A rose for my mother,
That's all she asks of me,
At four years Nature is mountainous,
Mysterious, and submarine. Even
A young mother waits lonely,
But with war it didn’t start.
Ah, woe is me, my mother dear!
A man of strife ye've born me:
Two knights surrounded by dinosaurs
are cornered in the kitchen--all threat and bluster.
O mother-my-love, if you'll give me your hand,
And go where I ask you to wander,
The old woman sits on a bench before the door and quarrels
With her meagre pale demoralized daughter.
What will I write to her this year?
About the childhood I remember?
In the first dawn she lifted from her bed
The holy silver of her noble head,
She begins, and my grandmother joins her.
Mother and daughter sing like young girls.
There's candy
Icecream
I do not think of you lying in the wet clay
Of a Monaghan graveyard; I see
In Roman times, when swords were raised,
And peace on Earth was rare,
You've been the greatest mother to me
Teaching me many things that others never see
This is the last of all, this is the last!
I must hold my hands, and turn my face to the fire,
Mother, among the dustbins and the manure
I feel the measure of my humanity, an allure
I SEE the sleeping babe, nestling the breast of its mother;
The sleeping mother and babe- hush'd, I study them long and long.One night a tiny dewdrop fell
Into the bosom of a rose,--
I.
Dead ! One of them shot by the sea in the east,
(EGYPTIAN FOLK-SONG)
Grim is the face that looks into the night
Sil.
O Cupid ! Monarch ouer Kings,
Among the daisies
sat the child,
Mother doesn't want a dog.
Mother says they smell,
Mother Earth and Father Time are walking hand in hand.
They're visiting their children and checking on their land.
Mother of all the high-strung poets and singers departed,
Mother of all the grass that weaves over their graves the glory of the field,
MOTHER, I cannot mind my wheel;
My fingers ache, my lips are dry:
I never made a poem, dear friend-
I never sat me down, and said,
MOTHER
(mother' day 2020)
There is but one Mother, My Mother;
So Pure, so Perfect, there could be no other.
Often I marvel at Mother Nature
And its unique adventures
If I were hanged on the highest hill,
Mother o’ mine, O mother o’ mine!
महतारी ओ महतारी
अपने शिशु पर बलिहारी
How do I tell you, from this daughter
Oh mother of mine, who couldn't have worked harder
Mother! oh mother!
Where are your children?
You were the center of our universe
The mother of us all
Well, son, I'll tell you:
Life for me ain't been no crystal stair.
MOTHER, YOU ARE ONLY MOTHER
Mother, you are only mother,
There’s something inside me at last
For a long time there was nothing
She knew
all I was hoping for
My mother is an alien.
This is true,
My mother, my dear mother, oh!
You love me more than me!
My Mother
She is restless in her sleep
I
Reg wished me to go with him to the field,
God made my mother on an April day,
From sorrow and the mist along the sea,
My mother was fortune, my father generosity and bounty; I
am joy, son of joy, son of joy, son of joy.
My mother would be a falconress,
And I, her gay falcon treading her wrist,
A mother is a mother,
Always caring,
When the morning sun rises in the sky
When the new day is born as beautiful
Nature the gentlest mother is,
Impatient of no child,
Nature, the gentlest mother,
Impatient of no child,
Her hair is sleek, burnt black in a strange disarray
Her lips who knows what lurks there- kisses stollen from innocence lost
Let others speak of her shame,
I speak of my own.
Old Mother Laidinwool had nigh twelve months been dead.
She heard the hops was doing well, an' so popped up her head
(Note: — Pocahontas is buried at Gravesend, England.)
"Pocahontas' body, lovely as a poplar, sweet as a red haw in November or a pawpaw in May — did she wonder? does she remember — in the dust — in the cool tombs?"
PENSIVE, on her dead gazing, I heard the Mother of All,
Desperate, on the torn bodies, on the forms covering the battle-
The things she knew, let her forget again-
The voices in the sky, the fear, the cold,
By that he ended had his ghostly sermon,
The fox was well induc'd to be a parson,
The answer to do you love me isn't, I married you, didn't I?
Or, Can't we discuss this after the ballgame is through?
Someone's Mother trails the street
Wrapt in rotted rags;
Most near, most dear, most loved, and most far,
Under the huge window where I often found her
His mother dear Cupid offended late,
Because that Mars grown slacker in her love,
My mother loved her horses and
Her hounds of pedigree;
When my mother died I was very young,
And my father sold me while yet my tongue
COMETH a voice:—‘My children, hear;
From the crowded street and the close-packed mart
Cuddling in the arms her half-asphyxiated baby, howling,
she ran up the staircase of the apartment building that was set ablaze.
There was Rundle, Station Master,
An' Beazeley of the Rail,
When mid-autumn's moan shook the night-time,
And sedges were horny,
She is too kind, I think, for mortal things,
Too gentle for the gusty ways of earth;
THE threefold terror of love; a fallen flare
Through the hollow of an ear;
Abortions will not let you forget.
You remember the children you got that you did not get,
Here I lean over you, small son, sleeping
Warm in my arms,
IN the sorrow and the terror of the nations,
In a world shaken through by lamentations,
Your children grow from you apart,
Afar and still afar;
Children, I come back today
To tell you a story of the long dark way
HIERUSALEM, my happy home,
When shall I come to thee?
Sleep, sleep, my beloved,
without worry, without fear,
ONE morning (raw it was and wet---
A foggy day in winter time)
Heard you that shriek? It rose
So wildly on the air,
I RISE in the dawn, and I kneel and blow
Till the seed of the fire flicker and glow;
Well I recall my Father's wife,
The day he brought her home.
My little love, my darling,
You were a doorway to me;
My daughter would turn 10 next month…
I find it hard to believe!
Born in the famine struck Africa
Living at the age of five
In the old Strauss waltz for the first time
We had listened to your quiet call,
1
In this morning's dream, you lived
Because I feel that, in the Heavens above,
The angels, whispering to one another,
Most near, most dear, most loved and most far,
Under the window where I often found her
You too, my mother, read my rhymes
For love of unforgotten times,
A mother is the one who loves you
A mother puts no drug above you
In nineteen hundred twenty four,
Because our father died,
Her baby was so full of glee,
And through the day
~  Mother Dear, O Mother Dear
Mother dear, oh Mother dear, were you ever young?
There is something bursting inside
That I want to tell you
Abortion……………...................I'll tell you a crime story that you've never heard,
But first you'll have to promise to not spread the word.
They should not have left him there alone,
Alone that is except for the cat.
A body gone cold
dread, fear has now taken hold
St. Patrick's Church was sparsely filled
For Friday morning mass
I had been wondering off
In this dream by which I was bound
A wound is inflicted but still can’t be seen
This crime we daily commit and are often the scene
Pastor in the pulpit, the Sanctuary, supposedly holier than thou,
Preachers wife is gunned down in cold blood, Ka-boom, Ka-pow,
Rainer Maria Rilke gives good advice:
'... go into the depths in which your life takes rise
She was walking down the narrow street
Shadows were passing by
Where the grass is tall and green,
I mash it flat.
I cry out in shame
As I watched my parents murder
Five days later, Asifa's body was found.
After seeing her body:
Mayra Lizbeth Rosales is accused murder but she is not court bound,
For she weighs a half ton in her body so round.
I don't care what you say
I don't care how much you deny it
Sharpton and Jackson..both Reverends
…Silent on the subject…but hounds
With anticipation the drama
That unfolded
As for the innocence;
with which by you it' Is for long, it was so lost;
Master artist, drawing cartoons,
Risky resistance for liberty of ideas,
Do you suppose we take it for granted?
Naive, simple in our faith;
Pretty eyes wide
With a sweet innocent stare
This is it,50th and C Streets
Damn school's crumbling down
The good Lords commandments have been cast to the side,
If you commit murder there's no need to hide,
His name his Sukhendu, my tuition teacher of high school
Fair skinned and medium in height whose surname to mention here is
Abundance of fear
a murder of crows gather
I'll tell you what is wrong with me
I hope you will not weep
anger is better
than pity
I MURDER hate by flood or field,
Tho' glory's name may screen us;
We must all stay aware…..,
Of the Insane Culture Of Mass-Murder….,
When you take away a life
With the aid of a knife
Poeple say god took you away
But it was life that took you on that horid day
I'll be your Romeo. You'll be my Juliet.
You'll be so beautiful, So charming.
Murder me
Murder with your love
Beware simple mortals
In man's stupidity
Murder the great sin
That commits only by humans
we have lived too long,
too well by murder and blindness!
I can see through your wet panties,
that whores like you wear on purpose.
The day is dying
Its bright blood smeared
The majority of Americans abhor conflict, especially war
Some carry placards and parade in protest
Well if you wanted honesty,
Thats all you had to say.
I might as well teach myself something useful
And learn to love to hate you well
Murder - Cinquain
- - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Some say she's bitter,
some say she's sweet.
He went to a public library that's quiet and free;
Arrested, he was, for  murder,  in the first degree;
It is a murder most foul
And most unkindest cut of all.
The Man spoke:
'It is in the murdering' he said
A man seeks revenge,
A widow cries,
Kill me,
Jump Me,
Murder me
Murder with your love
Music some time
Murder about me...
It was a mystery right from the first
A murder had occurred you understand
There's a murder crows following me.
What did they see, why did they pick me,
For an attempt to begin such verse
I must abstain from any meter.
My husband loved me, pity the fool,
We met when I was young,
A man stood in front of the judge
Stating his case, but they wouldn’t badge
I’m not innocent.
I’ve never been innocent.
Murder!
To crack the culprit down;
Murder, dreaded form of death
One's life taken in his better days
Upon the threshold, red-eyed Murder stands,
Fresh from his slaughter-house of human meat,
friendly and kind
was murdered in the
My blood is boiling,
Centigrade, Fahrenheit,
Scene playing in my Head
Every time Anger gets overfed
Murder me
Murder with your love
No one sleeps more beautifully than you.
But I am afraid
Murder - RARe Stanza
- - - - - - - - - - - - - -
I’ll follow her home like psychosis,
And penetrate her dreams.
Violence is nobody's leaven.
Murder will not get you to Heaven.
She was a gentle elderly lady
Who was always helping everyone, not shady
Murder In Meditation - Haiku
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Murder mystery.
At last the killer’s name is...
*Author’s Note: It is not the intent to malign, nor denigrate the memory of the two
people who died tragically. Rather, the composition addresses brief periods of levity apparent during the course of the 1995 trial proceedings.
Murder has for no time any verse
It has only curse and curse
When the Lieutenant of the Guardia de Asalto
heard the automatic go off, he turned
Cold rain soaks my skin
eyes are sharp as whetted knives
I loved you
So i did something about it
SING A SONG OF SIXTH SENSE MAD OFF COURSE - MURDER GOOSE RHYMES
Sing sin's song of sixth sense, fink senators debating
God makes the buds that blossom into flow’rs,
And flow’rs to form the seeds for newer plants;
The man in the locker room told me of their murders
'It is beyond evil.' he said.
Ongoing the 21st century's free style massacre
The horrible morning has started there in Myanmar,
You go to your house of worship to your God to pray
But that your Government execute people with you is okay
Brought up in a prejudice dysfunctional household.
Took away the heart that once lived within your soul
On all the deer
All the tigers
The meanest of murder, axe nor machete,
Overwhelming greed the sole bleeding knife;
Step on it good and hard,
make sure it is dead.
Once there lived two friends,
human and humanity.
It is true, that even in the best-run state
Such things will happen; it is true,
The Perfect Murder…..,
On The Perfect Day……,
on top of
a hill is
Some reporters are being murdered
In Bangladesh recently
Because I have been robbed
And savagely beaten
You're making a witless lout of yourself
Can't you see, in your mirror of vanity
There was a wine
on the table,
Some Governments order the execution of drug runners after they have spent many years in jail
This is their idea of morality through justice but by their actions their ideas they do fail
I believe in peace and have been persecuted
for a love of peace belief for enlightened years
DON'T MURDER ME...................................It comes upon me, time and time again.
It's the grand finally my friend.
No empathy, no remorse, no recourse in my actions.
All I see is things in shades of black.
Imprisoned me to death
or a double-life unbailable sentence
Words paint a fragile picture of the dusk.
I think them to a poet far away.
'Twas at the royal feast for Persia won
By Philip's warlike son—
Winter is icummen in,
Lhude sing Goddamm.
I'd like to spend
April, sitting on a hill,
As the music plays
my heart aches
Blest pair of Sirens, pledges of Heav'n's joy,
Sphere-born harmonious Sisters, Voice and Verse,
AWAY with funeral music - set
The pipe to powerful lips -
It's no go the merrygoround, it's no go the rickshaw,
All we want is a limousine and a ticket for the peepshow.
When there is a song about love
then the music does become a soul of my heart
503
Better—than Music! For I—who heard it—
The mother will not turn, who thinks she hears
Her nursling's speech first grow articulate;
Some days I catch a rhythm, almost a song
in my own breath. I'm alone here
I have a friend who still believes in heaven.
Not a stupid person, yet with all she knows, she literally talks to God.
Sweetest of sweets, I thank you: when displeasure
Did through my body wound my mind,
I hear the music of the heavenly angels
Coming softly through the blue sky from above
I am not resigned to the shutting away of loving hearts in the hard ground.
So it is, and so it will be, for so it has been, time out of mind:
I. Insomnia
The bulb at the front door burns and burns.
In the glad springtime when leaves were green,
O merrily the throstle sings!
Has music gone from poetry?
Words and music, still agree?
I am in need of music that would flow
Over my fretful, feeling fingertips,
All sounds have been as music to my listening:
Pacific lamentations of slow bells,
To know the impossible to be impossible
and yet to love the attempt;
In a smart burnoose, Khadour looked on, amused;
it suited him, to pick the choicest fruit
THROUGH the soft evening air enwrinding all,
Rocks, woods, fort, cannon, pacing sentries, endless wilds,
Do you hear it
Its the pounding of your heart
Play life's music sweetly, play life's music low
As demons once awaken come, in fast and low
Oh you were so
quiet
Glory of architect, glory of painter, and sculptor, and bard,
Living forever in temple and picture and statue and song, --
Music is sweet, endearing symphony,
Melodious rendering of subtle notes of harmony,
Have you heard of Music
That casts a spell,
Music is a
Melting emotion,
WAS it light that spake from the darkness,
or music that shone from the word,
FOR some abiding central source of power,
Strong-smitten steady chords, ye seem to flow
Music I heard with you was more than music,
And bread I broke with you was more than bread;
The house was empty and
the people of the house
When Tom and I were married, we took a little flat;
I had a taste for singing and playing and all that.
My heart starts to beat like  drum
My mind sings music of love
Music isn't just music, it's a way of life.
Music is more than life.
Listen to the music of love,
that seeps in from everywhere.
Music I love -­ but never strain
Could kindle raptures so divine,
This shape without space,
This pattern without stuff,
Music is a door,
An escape to a different world.
If I rest for a moment near The Equestrian
pausing for a liver sausage sandwich in the Mayflower Shoppe,
I
PRELUDE
I can feel the music, it reaches out to me,
freeing itself from measured lines;
Music touches you the most,
It refreshes you with its serenity.
Take me by the hand;
it's so easy for you, Angel,
My friend went to the piano; spun the stool
A little higher; left his pipe to cool;
When music sounds, gone is the earth I know,
And all her lovely things even lovelier grow;
I have been urged by earnest violins
And drunk their mellow sorrows to the slake
Wait Mister. Which way is home?
They turned the light out
It plays to my heartstrings...
It is the music to my ears-
Once played to attentive faces
music has broken its frame
Music, when soft voices die,
Vibrates in the memory;
Queen of every moving measure,
Sweetest source of purest pleasure,
When through life unblest we rove,
Losing all that made life dear,
Orphus 'twas playing
His most magical tune
Limber-limbed, lazy god, stretched on the rock,
Where is sweet Echo, and where is your flock?
EXPERIENCE, like a pale musician, holds
A dulcimer of patience in his hand,
PROUD music of the storm!
Blast that careers so free, whistling across the prairies!
Amber frosted reeds
in the summer's wind
I keep such music in my brain
No din this side of death can quell;
Corazon sin preguntas.
Illusion's
SINCE first I saw your face I resolved to honour and renown ye;
If now I be disdained I wish my heart had never known ye.
Sing -- sing -- Music was given
To brighten the gay, and kindle the loving;
The mellow touch of music most doth wound
The soul, when it doth rather sigh, than sound.O leave your hand where it lies cool
Upon the eyes whose lids are hot:
How oft, when thou, my music, music play'st,
Upon that blessèd wood whose motion sounds
Music to hear, why hear'st thou music sadly?
Sweets with sweets war not, joy delights in joy.
But Music cures in ways akin to drugs;
Enchanting mind, delighting the hearer;
861
Split the Lark—and you'll find the Music—
There's not a joy the world can give like that it takes away
When the glow of early thought declines in feeling's dull decay;
O Music hast thou only heard
The laughing river, the singing bird,
How beautiful the sounds
Of music in your ears;
THAT music always round me, unceasing, unbeginning--yet long untaught
I did not hear;
Silence is a great blue bell
Swinging and ringing, tinkling and singing,
A vase upon the mantelpiece,
A ship upon the sea,
I hear the music
The music is playing
The sound of music gives us so much emotions
and that plays a melody deep in our heart greatly
Other loves may sink and settle, other loves may loose and slack,
But I wander like a minstrel with a harp upon my back,
THERE is a Lady sweet and kind,
Was never face so pleased my mind;
If music and sweet poetry agree,
As they must needs (the sister and the brother),
Music, thou queen of heaven, care-charming spell,
That strik'st a stillness into hell;
Music: breathing of statues. Perhaps:
silence of paintings. You language where all language
Begin to charm, and as thou strok'st mine ears
With thine enchantment, melt me into tears.
Charms, that call down the moon from out her sphere,
On this sick youth work your enchantments here!
Charm me asleep, and melt me so
With thy delicious numbers;
Sister and mother and diviner love,
And of the sisterhood of the living dead
The flower in the glass peanut bottle formerly in the
kitchen crooked to take a place in the light,
Break off! Dance no more!
Danger is at the door.
An account of books 16-19 of the Iliad by Homer.
Down on your knees, Achilles.  Farther down.
The words are a beautiful music.
The words bounce like in water.
We are the music-makers,
And we are the dreamers of dreams,
Music is freedom that relentlessly exists
Freedom of speech
I - CRAZY JANE AND THE BISHOP
BRING me to the blasted oak
The lies you
whisper so sweetly
A trout-colored wind blows
through my eyes, through my fingers,
Young laughters, and my music! Aye till now
The voice can reach no blending minors near;
You sing
I will be the mountain and hold your voice deep inside
Look at my hair
Dancing in the air
It's said that every species in the world
displays one gift beyond the scope of Man.
A busker on a unicycle
Dances with the birds
The sun smiles,
forcefully examining the bitterness of the leaves
I've found a friend in nature
although nature could turn on me
A comet came with a large metal core
Racing ‘cross the heavens toward the sun it tore
When first the crocus thrusts its point of gold
Up through the still snow-drifted garden mould,
A walk in Nature never boring in Nature great beauty to see
The wild birds are chirping and singing on fence wire and bush and on tree
As the molecules expand in the warm air
The sap cells flow upward without a care
All nature has a feeling: woods, fields, brooks
Are life eternal: and in silence they
Captured in the Psalms are the most eloquent Praises
And to read and ponder them affords one great graces.
The brilliant colors of the night
The soft spoken morning glow
I have loved colours, and not flowers;
Their motion, not the swallows wings;
When I behold a forest spread
With silken trees upon thy head;
Brillance
captures the aura of
Theres a poem in every flower,
a sonnet in every tree,
it'll be you and me
up in the tree
A simple tiny bud
Grows to maturity, blooms
First, then, I say, the mind which oft we call
The intellect, wherein is seated life's
Calm is all nature as a resting wheel.
The kine are couched upon the dewy grass;
The falling of snowflakes coming down
Making a blanket of white on the ground.
The age dawns, the weather fair
Nature warms, without a care
When the beautiful morning comes
The rays of rising sun kiss her
I have enchanted all of Nature
And forged each moment's quality.
I love time out with Nature and I love peace and quiet
To walk along the gravel path in the evening sunlight
Have you ever seen the offspring of a cross between a sheep and goat
Of the parents in the young one you can see a bit of both
Let us go gentle with the nature
It has given us many
As I walked along the path
Crushing grass under with wrath
How Nature creates life thats dear with ease?
How Nature sifts, selects, protects the best?
It is no vulgar nature I have wived.
Secretive, sensitive, she takes a wound
You claim my birth.
Why do I call you mother?
Often I marvel at Mother Nature
And its unique adventures
I could sleep with him a million times
and he'd still be a volatile son-of-a-bitch.
She knew
all I was hoping for
I feel that I have heard enough of talk of World strife
And what I need is joy and love and peace back in my life
Return, dear friend!
Please return home to Nature!
Open your eyes to the mysteries of nature,
Open your mind to the marvels of plants and animals!
835
Nature and God—I neither knew
Sun glows at
The break of dawn.
Nature Baby as free as a bird
Nature Baby not speaking a word
This bogey is a fing
What lives up in your nose
Disasters aplenty, run-rampant today
Why? You may ask with look of dismay
Either tortoises live long lives because they don’t hurry
or they don’t hurry because they live long lives."Nature" is what we see—
The Hill—the Afternoon—
nature is what we dont see
for instance the essence that pushes words out
When the morning sun rises in the sky
When the new day is born as beautiful
Close your eyes and you can see
the way the world's suppose to be
I always thought,
What is there in the nature?
Full of rebellion, I would die,
Or fight, or travel, or deny
As a fond mother, when the day is o'er,
Leads by the hand her little child to bed,
The bubbling brook doth leap when I come by,
Because my feet find measure with its call;
The trees were angels this morning,
seeming to bend their variegated boughs
Nature is beautiful
Nature is enticing
Creamy pink flowers blossoming off orchard trees,
Sweet smelling flowers with pollen to attract bees.
human nature, mother nature,
enough of your torture.
Nature is beautiful
nature is fun
Man thought he was civilizing,
When he was getting away from nature,
The sounds of nature tells us many things.
The sounds of nature are our teachers.
NATURE
Nature is the beautiful one
Nature rarer uses yellow
Than another hue;
(for Rona, Jeremy, Sam & Grace)
All the lizards are asleep--
Nature, that washed her hands in milk,
And had forgot to dry them,
Nature the gentlest mother is,
Impatient of no child,
Nature, the gentlest mother,
Impatient of no child,
At the bottom of my garden
There's a hedgehog and a frog
314
Nature—sometimes sears a Sapling—
From God he's a backslider,
Of ways he loves the wider;
Oh, how silent is the nature,
It only looks and only hears,
'O DREARY life,' we cry, ' O dreary life ! '
And still the generations of the birds
Traveling through space
Wandering atom attracted
Mine are the night and morning,
The pits of air, the gulf of space,
Why challenge Mother Nature, man, in vain?
Accept her superiority and pow’r;
When Nature made her chief work, Stella's eyes,
In color black why wrapp'd she beams so bright?
In nature apt to like when I did see
Beauties, which were of many carats fine,
O why should Nature niggardly restrain
That foreign nations relish not our tongue?
The Great Red Giant could no longer bear
The forces of fission held within its care
When the sky cries for the sadness of the world:
Birds sing happily,
All, thou gentle one, lies embraced in thy kingdom; the graybeard
Back to the days of his youth, childish and child-like, returns.Ye green-rob'd Dryads, oft' at dusky Eve
By wondering Shepherds seen, to Forests brown,
Is this a time to be cloudy and sad,
When our mother Nature laughs around;
The golden gift that Nature did thee give
To fasten friends and feed them at thy will
I.
MAN, being the servant and interpreter of Nature, can do and understand so much and so much only as he has observed in fact or in thought of the course of nature: beyond this he neither knows anything nor can do anything.
The bird born in an aviary and raised in captivity
Can never live in Nature's World amongst the wild and free
How many times we say or do
Something that we thought was true
(I) PROMETHEUS 1-
IT was the south : mid-everything,
(an Incident of Froom Valley)
"THY husband--poor, poor Heart!--is dead--
The Sounds Of Nature
O, tis so sweet.
The  whispers of the trees.
The ripples of the oceans.
The harp at Nature's advent strung
Has never ceased to play;
It may indeed be fantasy when I
Essay to draw from all created things
SHOW thee as I thought thee
When I early sought thee,
Around the hub, the galaxies turn
Pinwheels scrubbed, in magnetic urn
When the early morning is born with heavenly blessed
When the bright sun rays shower through the misty clouds
What being in rank-old nature should earlier have that breath been
That hére pérsonal tells off these heart-song powerful peals?—
Autumn leaves that turn to gold
Flowers that are bright and bold
From father to son
The mark of identity
Your relationship with Nature speaks volumes about you
Do you only see Nature as a means to financial gain or are you one of those who
The wind is trying to tell me something
Just softly murmuring and whispering
Dark smouldering eyes
Shiver ran up my spine
At a hermitage:
A cool fall night--
471
A Night—there lay the Days between—
------The sky is overcast
With a continuous cloud of texture close,
Open the window, and let the air
Freshly blow upon face and hair,
Lo! where the Moon along the sky
Sails with her happy destiny;
There!  See the line of lights,
A chain of stars down either side the street --
The sun has set and the shadows fled
The feathered flocks, flown to their nest
April, and the last of the plum blossoms
scatters on the black grass
When biting Boreas, fell and doure,
Sharp shivers thro' the leafless bow'r;
My window-pane is starred with frost,
The world is bitter cold to-night,
I have been one acquainted with the night.
I have walked out in rain -  and back in rain.
"I have been one acquainted with the night" - Robert Frost
Rode in the train all night, in the sick light. A bird
Epilogue to 'A Vision'
MIDNIGHT has come, and the great Christ Church Bell
All out of doors looked darkly in at him
Through the thin frost, almost in separate stars,
In my Spanish cloak,
And old slouch hat,
Look, the eucalyptus, the Atlas pine,
the yellowing ash, all the trees
AS one who having wandered all night long
In a perplexed forest, comes at length
960
As plan for Noon and plan for Night
At night Chinamen jump
on Asia with a thump
At night, when the sea cradles me
And the pale star gleam
We are apart; the city grows quiet between us,
She hushes herself, for midnight makes heavy her eyes,
At the mid hour of night, when stars are weeping, I fly
To the lone vale we loved, when life shone warm in thine eye;
Awake at night--
the sound of the water jar
drunk on the dark streets of some city,
it's night, you're lost, where's your
.      By night when others soundly slept
And hath at once both ease and Rest,
Cold night: the wild duck,
sick, falls from the sky
Inscribed to Robert Aiken, Esq.
Let not Ambition mock their useful toil,
Through my heart's palace Thoughts unnumbered throng;
And there, most quiet and, as a child, most wise,
The cold slope is standing in darkness
But the south of the trees is dry to the touch
Deep in the night the cry of a swallow,
Under the stars he flew,
Do not go gentle into that good night,
Old age should burn and rave at close of day;
158
Dying! Dying in the night!
Above us, stars.  Beneath us, constellations.
Five billion miles away, a galaxy dies
Pigeons shake their wings on the copper church roof
out my window across the street, a bird perched on the cross
Apple-green west and an orange bar,
And the crystal eye of a lone, one star . . .
Many ways to say good night.
Fireworks at a pier on the Fourth of July
Good-night? ah! no; the hour is ill
Which severs those it should unite;
What if this present were the world's last night?
Mark in my heart, O soul, where thou dost dwell,
I heard the trailing garments of the Night
Sweep through her marble halls!
Longing for Death
Into the bosom of the earth,
I longed for companionship rather,
But my companions I always wished farther.
In the secular night you wander around
alone in your house. It's two-thirty.
Last night as I was sleeping,
I dreamt—marvelous error!—
Last night I dreamed of chickens,
there were chickens everywhere,
Last night I drove a car
not knowing how to drive
You brothers, who are mine,
Poor people, near and far,
Last night in the garden I offered you my youth's foaming wine. You
lifted the cup to your lips, you shut your eyes and smiled while
I.
The grey sea and the long black land;
Why should such gloomy silence reign;
And why is all the house so drear,
i
My spectre around me night and day
Night funeral
In Harlem:
Night is my sister, and how deep in love,
How drowned in love and weedily washed ashore,
Now as the train bears west,
Its rhythm rocks the earth,
Night-night moon
Night-night stars
Night. O you whose countenance, dissolved
in deepness, hovers above my face.
Gaunt in gloom,
The pale stars their torches,
There is nothing to be afraid of,
it is only the wind
SWIFTLY walk o'er the western wave,
Spirit of Night!
The sun descending in the west,
The evening star does shine;
Why didn’t she respond to call?
Was she really facing the wall?
This night, agitated by the growing storm,
how it has suddenly expanded its dimensions--,
after Juan Ramon
A child wakens in a cold apartment.
OF him I love day and night, I dream'd I heard he was dead;
And I dream'd I went where they had buried him I love--but he was not
Oft, in the stilly night,
Ere slumber's chain has bound me,
ON the beach at night alone,
As the old mother sways her to and fro, singing her husky song,
ON the beach, at night,
Stands a child, with her father,
A night that cuts between you and you
and you and you and you
1
I move my hand over
Chatter of birds two by two raises a night song joining a litany of running water--sheer waters
showing the russet of old stones remembering many rains.
Before my bed
there is bright moonlight
Ghosts of all my lovely sins,
Who attend too well my pillow,
Out in the sky the great dark clouds are massing;
I look far out into the pregnant night,
Silent, silent night,
Quench the holy light
The night-flood rakes upon the stony shore;
Along the rugged cliffs and chalky caves
My hand, a little raised, might press a star-
Where I may look, the frosted peaks are spun,
The park is filled with night and fog,
The veils are drawn about the world,
In the wild soft summer darkness
How many and many a night we two together
415
Sunset at Night—is natural—
SHE lived in storm and strife,
Her soul had such desire
The moon rises. The red cubs rolling
In the ferns by the rotten oak
For those that never know the light,
The darkness is a sullen thing;
It is cold. The white moon
is up among her scattered stars--
The common rain had come again
Slanting and colorless, pale and anonymous,
I wake up cold, I who
Prospered through dreams of heat
No engines shrieking rescue storm the night,
And hose and hydrant cannot here avail;
Some of us believe
We would have conceived romantic
the night I was going to die
I was sweating on the bed
Ancient night and the unruly salt
beat at the walls of my house.
The night is darkening round me,
The wild winds coldly blow ;
My voice that is for you the languid one, and gentle,
Disturbs the velvet of the dark night's mantle,
Most Holy Night, that still dost keep
The keys of all the doors of sleep,
Look at the stars! look, look up at the skies!
O look at all the fire-folk sitting in the air!
Lo, it is dark,
Save for the crystal spark
The binocular owl,
fastened to a limb
In this evil year, autumn comes early...
I walk by night in the field, alone, the rain clatters,
Athwart the bed
I watch the moonbeams cast a trail
Swiftly walk o'er the western wave,
Spirit of Night!
To slip into your shadow under cover of night.
To follow your footsteps, your shadow at the window.
PRELUDE.
Pleasant it was, when woods were green,
It snowed and snowed ,the whole world over,
Snow swept the world from end to end.
I am a net and I have to obey what Master says.
I also like to get a rest as the others
Can’t wait ‘till I’m gone, can rest in peace
Live forever without the stress and grief
A sailor return to an ocean
And always live in our memories
I was stubborn by nature and addicted to perfect lines,
fought to the death to find words that startle.
traveled through the lost
showered in the mist
Even though we live,
an ocean apart,
Her right hand
lingers among my poems
A vista touched by the hand of nature unsurpassed on Earth.
Now my imagination with my words take you to see it‘s worth.
Have you ever sailed on vast ocean,
With no island to see, and things are out of reach?
An ocean of unseen tears
Pulsing through my veins,
Flourishing on
Natural contours of land,
1
As I ebb'd with the ocean of life,
As is the globe embraced by ocean, so
Embraced is earthly life by dreams and fancies.
At the bottom of the ocean
You will find the coral rief
What lies beneath the ocean blue,
In depths of mariner's legends?
How vast is the ocean?
I know it is in wide scope
Oh how your eyes prove this life is worth living.
I swear there was a glimpse of the promise land
The bubbles of the ocean are
very special to me
Craig! Craig! my Love irradiant and divine!
Here on the solitary sands I lie
I’m not the person who walks with you through autumn leaves
In the old park near the school where children play in innocent reverie;
Put your hand in ocean
And pour all the water in thy palm
Move aside, Keokra-Dong
Get out of my sight, Tazing-Dong
Had ocean been my confidant
I'd have given it
I am like the breeze on the ocean waves
Drinking from the breasts of the afar deep
Inky gear with million accessories
The - Wisps of clouds
You  Time
don't try to hibernate
Beaming a Beatle tune, Across the Universe, is a fanciful idea,
It will take 431 years, at the speed of light, to reach the star of the north,
The continent's a tamed ox, with all its mountains,
Powerful and servile; here is for plowland, here is
So the waves move.
We all find our groove.
Mother, ocean of generous love,
Treasure of gentle passion and melody
Broad sweep of branches, how they dip and swirl.
Contrasting trees, in unison they whirl.
I.
Sweet rural scene!
She went to water;
she always did.
Calm cool waves my soul to sea
softy how they cling to me.
As I Stare out into the Sea,
I can feel the soft oceans breeze
Like the Ocean kissed The Sky
At the most beautiful place under the sun,
Your voice is like gentle whispers of the wind
Gently blowing in my ears.
I dive down into the depth of the ocean of forms,
hoping to gain the perfect pearl of the formless.
Orange slice
inside
Ocean Of Man's Heart
The ocean of man's heart is deep
When one day missing you becomes unbearable
I will seek you out from deep within the ocean of my memories
Ocean of poems
I walk along your shore
As I drift through space alone,
I hear a man yell over the radio,
An ocean of treasures nurtures
no greed or anger or any such
Ocean, when I walk near you
I do not wear a shield or
Ocean I do not want
to fight a battle on
Ocean Ocean,
You look so blue,
While sailing across the wide Indian Ocean,
My stomach queasy, from the rolling motion.
The ocean flows, loves flows but sometimes the wind ends the flow.Liquid dusk looking back through me
reflecting back the starlight that catches itself
A depth of fantoms
Unknown
inhaling the ocean breeze and feeling it empty my lungs makes me feel completely intact
i can taste the salt in its entirety on my tongue and i try to scrape it all off with my front teeth
Wave after wave,
Each wave
Built from great constellations and long forgotten rivers
I give you my restless poems without regret.
The hot noon sun rises up,
And the dry leaves of the season drop,
So...why are my feet dry?
Why ask what I want to see,
OUT of the rolling ocean, the crowd, came a drop gently to me,
Whispering, I love you, before long I die,
i wish i could swim the pacific ocean and back.
and when i came back to sit in front of a burning burning fire
The
Pearl of the ocean
At Sunset,
I Watch
Enticing the freedom of the creviced earth
a young woman was fleeing the very
Ships are homing in for winter harbor
Now the sun is past its evening glow
The daylight is young from the ocean deep
Where earth things come alive in the sunrise,
Unto the boundless Ocean of thy beauty
Runs this poor river, charg'd with streams of zeal:
Shall I rebuke thee, Ocean, my old love,
That once, in rage, with the wild winds at strife,
Life is like vast ocean,
Full of sorrow and pain,
Stole a starfish
from an ocean
We saw the
Deep Ocean
The iris
dances
It's a beautiful the mistic ocean.
I‘m intoxicating because a unknown mystery.
The waves caress my feet
The sun beams down upon me
I know it to be true
That the ocean sea is blue
They went down to the sea in ships,
In ships they went down to the sea.
You make me want to sail in the ocean of your eyes.
The winds will carry me, I know not where,
The
Ocean
Hearing the sound of the ocean roar
The sun shinning on the sea shimmering
... Oceanward I am ever yearning,
Where far it rolls in its calm and grandeur,
They that go down to the sea in ships, that do business in great waters, these see the works of the Lord, and his wonders in the deep.
~ Psalm cvii. 23, 24.
Sitting by the water
On the docks
Upon the crest of a wave I see
hidden memories held within.
The ocean said to me once,
"Look!
To the solemn sea the old women come
With their shawls knotted around their necks
Unhappy about some far off things
That are not my affair, wandering
Oh, Ocean!  You mighty Ocean!
Why you've so much of passion,
Ocean, if you were to give, a measure, a ferment, a fruit
of your gifts and destructions, into my hand,
Where are the hapless shipmen?--disappeared,
Gone down, where witness none, save Night, hath been,
It's thou dawning horizon
That dots the first sindhur
Waves of life lap an eternal beach
each one taking on its form
When the sun sets over the ocean
when the moon begins to rest
The great white waves of the Pacific how loudly they do roar
And crash against the volcanic rocks that guard the ocean shore
Wings over the ocean
Footprints in the sand.
Your eyes are like a ocean,
Your hiar is the waves that lift the ocean,
Swimming away
swimming away
Far away on the ocean dreams,
I sailed on my memories' boat
I'm turbulent
My waves surge to reach out
Giving or not giving voice to the heretical words...
Understanding that the true love is a scarification.....
Oh!   Deep  Wide Ocean
You fill my black eyes in blue
ocean's pounding surf
reoccuring memories
Wind Whisked West;
An Undeniable Stretch
war memorial
reccuring, late dad's words
Now, God be thanked Who has watched us with His hour,
And caught our youth, and wakened us from sleeping,
Love is so beautiful,
In love there is loss,
The church bells are ringing incessantly
Alerting earthlings to join the pilgrimage to pray
Peace is not a betrayal of this  beloved
Peace is a not a mere  humming song.
When I wake up from my bed in the morning
My saturate eyes open slowly and welcomes the morning sun
I threw pennies out to the pigeons,
This morning.
How clear is the air found at a mountain's top,
And breathing this freshness, clarifies all things,
459
A Tooth upon Our Peace
This is an angry poem.
About those weasel phrases
That night I laid beside you
With one hand upon your heart
I HEAR the Shadowy Horses, their long manes a-shake,
Their hoofs heavy with tumult, their eyes glimmering white;
I find no peace, and all my war is done.
I fear and hope. I burn and freeze like ice.
I many times thought Peace had come
When Peace was far away—
Now, God be thanked Who has matched us with His hour,
And caught our youth, and wakened us from sleeping,
63
If pain for peace prepares
Men say the world is full of fear and hate,
And all life's ripening harvest-fields await
So much has been written
About peace in the world,
(Judges, vi.25)
Jesus! whose blood so freely stream'd
Sometimes a light surprises
The Christian while he sings;
Sometimes a light surprises
The Christian while he sings;
We are fighting for justice and peace for all,
And our young men are answering the call.
Rising pasture as if viewed from angel flight
A mind-blowing beautiful East West imagery
When you look for peace
then the peace lies within you
Let us live in peace
Among ourselves
My love for you,
How rich in depth?
Why should such gloomy silence reign;
And why is all the house so drear,
My child wafts peace.
When I lean over him,
Where the mountains touch the sky,
Where poets DREAM, where eagles fly,
On the scene came Christ The Lord, not with peace but with a sword.
The sword was The Word of Truth, and to many it became a reproof.
O SUN of real peace! O hastening light!
O free and extatic! O what I here, preparing, warble for!
I.
She comes, benign enchantress, heav'n born PEACE!
______ Sacerdos
Fronde super mitram, & felici comptus oliva.
How far is it to peace, the piper sighed,
The solitary, sweating as he paused.
Part in peace: is day before us?
Praise His Name for life and light;
He stood, a worn-out City clerk —
Who'd toil'd, and seen no holiday,
When darkness long has veil'd my mind,
And smiling day once more appears,
Peace
Peace and peace
Peace O peace let it be, let it be,
among Islands near and far,
Oh God! I need a quiet place,
Where flows the nectar of peace,
The man was seated in a pew,
sandwiched between
Here in the flamin' thick of thick of things,
With Death across the way, 'n' traps
a gentle breeze blows ocean side
the easter lilies usher in the spring
You think you hurt and that life has treated you so unkindly
Friend let me tell you about someone who endured so much more
Peace, everywhere, peace today!
Peace in lands of scruffy trees and pine,
912
Peace is a fiction of our Faith—
The poor young girl
with beach blonde hair
Great cities seldom rest; if there be none
T' invade from far, they'll find worse foes at home.Within the boundaries of hope,
There are no walls,
He took a frayed hat from his head,
And “Peace on Earth” was what he said.
The Archer is wake!
The Swan is flying!
Their skin soaks up the heat
Leaving it as black as the midnight sky,
Who are they?
The terrorist
Peace, peace, peace,
World wants peace,
Peace,
Bring it on
In the Bible-God says, let there
be peace among all nations.
I'm having a bit of a nightmare,
Before I even sleep tonight.
Suddenly bells and flags!
Suddenly -- door to door --
Peace is a flower,
Peace is a bird.
Peace is letting life's cares
Roll over your head while
Sweet Peace, where dost thou dwell? I humbly crave,
Let me once know.
When will you ever, Peace, wild wooddove, shy wings shut,
Your round me roaming end, and under be my boughs?
I
IN EXCELSIS
1     My Soul, there is a country
2         Afar beyond the stars,
After Stuart Merrill
Trembling of purple banners in the fight,
And sometimes I am sorry when the grass
Is growing over the stones in quiet hollows
Now, God be thanked Who has watched us with His hour,
And caught our youth, and wakened us from sleeping,
Peace flows into me
As the tide to the pool by the shore;
AH, that Time could touch a form
That could show what Homer's age
You virgins, that did late despair
To keep your wealth from cruel men,
PEACE! what do tears avail?
She lies all dumb and pale,
The tempest calmed after bending the branches of the trees and leaning heavily upon the grain in the field. The stars appeared as broken remnants of lightning, but now silence prevailed over all, as if Nature's war had never been fought.
At that hour a young woman entered her chamber and knelt by her bed sobbing bitterly. Her heart flamed with agony but she could finally open her lips and say, "Oh Lord, bring him home safely to me. I have exhausted my tears and can offer no more, oh Lord, full of love and mercy. My patience is drained and calamity is seeking possession of my heart. Save him, oh Lord, from the iron paws of War; deliver him from such unmerciful Death, for he is weak, governed by the strong. Oh Lord, save my beloved, who is Thine own son, from the foe, who is Thy foe. Keep him from the forced pathway to Death's door; let him see me, or come and take me to him."
Oh dear peace, you peace us,
Whole day and night we search,
Alas, I've searched the world to find
That Peace begins within the mind.
Folks greeting those they meet.
Children playing in the street.
The heads of strong old age are beautiful
Beyond all grace of youth. They have strange quiet,
No more for you the city's thorny ways,
The ugly corners of the Negro belt;
Sweet Peace! ah, lead me from the thorny dale,
Where desolate my wand'ring steps have fled;
'What happened to your teeth',
she said with eyes that were alert.
I opened the ink-well and smoke filled the room.
The smoke formed the giant frog-cat of my doom.
(Isaiah, ix. 15-20)
Hear what God the Lord hath spoken,
Peace, my heart, let the time for
the parting be sweet.
Trust and treachery, wisdom, folly,
Madness, mirth and melancholy,
The Word came down to Dives in Torment where he lay:
'Our World is full of wickedness, My Children maim and slay,
We as Believers are admonished to pray for the peace of Jerusalem,
But how or when, to this troubled city, could true peace ever come?
When despair grows in me
and I wake in the night at the least sound
On the Mountains of the Prairie,
On the great Red Pipe-stone Quarry,
You can’t rely on the peace train,
always jumping the tracks
Peace without Justice is a low estate,-
A coward cringing to an iron Fate!
Peace will come
When Mankind
IF Michael, leader of God's host
When Heaven and Hell are met,
People wish to be settled. Only as long as they are unsettled is there any hope for them.
-- Thoreau
We have been given an unnatural peace
By using alcohol and other drugs.
"This war is a terrible thing," he said,
"With its countless numbers of needless dead;
War is Peace
Peace is War
When love spills out of the heart, peace rushes in , where there's
peace, and love within! When confronting another individual with
When I cast a look around the world,
I marvel at what I see and hear.
WORLD PEACE, is what we now NEED.
Forget the STRIFE! Let go of GREED.
The meadow nourished in softest
Sedges scattered amid violet milk weeds
When the time is right and everyone’s the same
Our world will be perfect with no one left to blame
My friend the  gardener who manages
to combine romantic or ex-romantic
We had this priest come and talk to us on the feast day of St. Joseph and so strangely he mentioned a girl would know the right guy because he'd be willing to sacrifice his dreams for hers and for God's. Not only am I not a god, requiring sacrifice, but my dreams so often don't follow the path I imagine God would dream of. I suppose, at one point, it's Him or me.
Seven deadly pink roses waiting on my windowsill;
An umbrella being dragged at the day's end.
A seagull churns its wings,
A beautiful dozen of pink roses
were delivered to our home today.
Unlock all the doors
To your imagination
The waves roll back and forth,
crashing. Always crashing.
A posy of pink roses
stand on the alter of my church.
could my loved one ever forgive me
in that sin witch i so carelessly alowed to happen
It's just a new obsession
A color which makes me go insane
Among us none stood
moving like magic
Just to let everyone know that my ebook
entitled 'Pink Ribbons' is now available for
How am I supposed to be myself, Daddy
When you want me to be someone else?
I sit on the bed...
waiting to finally meet you..
6
Frequently the wood are pink—
Frequently the wood mix pink -
More often not to wood on ground,
Sakura pixels
perpetuate seasonal
I dream I’m in a Parisian café
With a dark-haired girl
When you leave me
I feel wounded, uneasy and yet unshaken
I see the red pink nebulas of Orion
that only You are able to unravel
Petronella the Pig, quickly tried on her wig.
‘What a picture, I look’, she exclaimed, and partook,
to my grandparents
in bubble-gum pink, reading old comics
So Davies wrote: ' This leaves me in the pink. '
Then scrawled his name: ' Your loving sweetheart Willie '
I’m In the Cresta Lodge Botswana
It was 10h00 at night – sudden need for ice cold coke
I wish the rain pours out today
Like the way it did on a summer day,
Like a beautiful pink camellia that's how you appear to me
That bloom in chilly August on it's dark green mother tree
Your territory whence your'I'
Looks into the whole world
Pink and delicate
this rose belongs
Above a sea of pink..
I drift by...
to my Grandmother, Lucy W. Young
and to my mother, Mary Adalyn Young Douglas
Pretty as a picture
In her brand new summer dress;
Early on an April day
In the land of morning calm
A pink bellflower dangling on her strap
shouldering pain, blue veins strangling
Unfurled flitting pink
butterfly flags flutter
He was lookin’ kinda cool
Against his ‘pink Cadillac’
The pink coat
She put on when it was cold
It happened once in amazon
The wooden boat set sail alone
"They are fools who kiss and tell" --
Wisely has the poet sung.
Pink-edged clouds,
sunset sun.
Pink eucalyptus flowers
(The flowers are out)
Pink flower is beautiful
Always so much of anything
Do not text me or think otherwise
I am just picking flowers from my garden.
Does not making you happy, with a snappier pink,
make you excited? Snap, snap...your lips did they...purse
Pink pants and rosy plants
Pink blouses, never failing to arouse spouses
In the shade of my live oak tree,
Drinking pink lemonade.
There's this similarity with all the girls,
They want perfection in 2 things to unfurl.
She asked
Do you want a drink?
Pink panther
Do love being a famous movie star?
Pink-Pearl  Driver
Still, the  red roses do not grow - in  hothouses,
Pink Pearl Necklace; and heaven is this.
My island an afterthought mornings glow,
pink pink
Confirmed that it was armed
There she sat, head tilted back in elegance
Pushed
Pink is the new Black.
Salmon shirt for your office, goes well this season with that tie.
Feather light wings that float softly through the air tickled by specks of dust.
Bright white light inflamed with pink and laced with gold.
At night I think pink looks depressing…
Like a school girls lumpy blancmange
A blush of pink:
She'd caught a roving eye -
Pink handkerchief
'Pink' username
Torn, slapped stamped and burned
How far will you suffer girl?
The Pink butterfly
looking like pink shirts,
Now what would you think,
Of a party all pink,
Palpated her breast, a lump in the throat.
The monster that mama and aunty smote.
One lump or two?
Ma'am….your coffee?
Pink ribbons span the evening sky
And trim your feathered bed
Like a beautiful pink rose
She is in prime to bulldoze
I love every single color of roses
The gardeners have created
I wash my hands, in your ink, fast between a
valley, it clings to me, lives in me, my pen.
When took a dip in Ganga
that pink sari
Two years ago...
A spritely
This Jesus thing,
anti-gay,
I stand at watch, this dream caught.
Issued in, hers, it wiggles, in a gasp, free.
All decked out on 'Easter Sunday'
She's 'Pretty in pink' it would be said
Shell of defenselessness
i rip it brutally
Red Lips, are one plan
and the fires they light
lives in thorne
smiles in thorne
Say goodbye
In pink satin
How many shades of pink are there?
My fingers typed.
I grew even pinker, with each
passing verb, she tossed and
I sometimes wear shocking pink underwear.
It is my act of rebellion against those who
We have to be careful
with whatever we say
The astrologer a babaji,
An Indian babaji,
The emo in pink
She tries to hide
I was always late to the banquet,
Or the fabled buffet ran out of food too soon.
The pink and orange hues of evening
sky,
When I was in Junior High
A term for Middle School in a time gone by
I may walk until I’m fainting, I may write until I’m blinded,
I might drink until my back teeth are afloat,
Fair one, you did on me bestow
Comparisons too sweet to ow;
The rain drizzles down,
Soft and sun-kissed
A dainty little girl skipped across the park
Dressed in pink from ribbons to shoes
The sky is pink
The grass is blue
This peach is pink with such a pink
As suits the peach divinely;
Pink Sands Beach
the lady's pink swimming suit
refreshing dawn mist, crisp air
and sunshine tiptoe through tender lips,
There was an old saying a long time ago
When your life was at a place
I am really shocked to behold the pink city
Blood when flows near by  the green field
It was hard daddy
Getting off of these pills
From whispers to heavy noise
My art of love as it melted
The pink of the sunset was like the droop
From the shoulders like the folds in soft
My eyes set their gaze across the horizon
The sun is setting in late fall afternoon
The ex-Marine walked
into Coach’s bar…
I’m a restless and corrupted one
Hoping for eternal darkness
Neither straight, nor curved,
The longest line
Globalization.................................A period of extreme poverty of the lower working classes
As they worked to the death the rich sat politely on their arses
Pining for a much better quality of life,
Opened to great suffering and pain.
I do not care how much they would
give to buy me if they could.
A room I saw
where the babu of poverty had been a frequent visitor
We are proud to say we are poor
We are telling about our poverty
THE post-boy drove with fierce career,
For threatening clouds the moon had drowned;
And what is poverty
In which we are busy
Poverty is not so easy to attain.
It is not all misery-belly-pinching brats,
Not every beggar is a poor man or                                     A poor woman anytime...                                              Not every poor man is a beggar                                        Anytime...                                                           Beggars versus poor people...                                        Poor people never beg for money or                                    Anything anytime...                                                  Beggary is a bad deed that makes                                      Someone behaves badly and unwisely...                                Poverty is not beggary and beggary                                    Is not poverty anytime...                                            Beggars are mostly greedy and liars                                   Simply because they beg for their                                     Greed and not for their poverty...                                   Most poor people never beg for money                                  And for anything else in life...                                     Poverty is not a mistake, but beggary                                 Is a grave, ugly, and bad mistake...                                 Most of those who beg don't need                                      To beg anytime simply because they                                    Are greedy anywhere and everywhere...Give us your deprived, your malleable muddled masses
hoping for a gentler taskmaster
Born in poverty,
Raised in poverty,
It's so strange.
They speak about it.
Arrows of poverty darting from throes
Thorns of destitution germinating from thrones
Nothing wrong has been done
By Dana Majhi of Kalahandi.
life
large stereotypes
End poverty
In the world now
Havoc being played upon an earth of people as they struggle
to live from day to day.
I hate poverty
Money paves the way to health
there is no poverty in poetry: it is a rich world
of flowers
Keeps away poverty
Make no mistakes
One way to be very happy is to be very rich
For then you can buy orchids by the quire and bacon by the flitch.
All things being equal I'd rather be rich,
However, thing don't always work out,
Those who raise their voices for equality,
Obviously, they are not considered; equal,
Was I so poor
in those damned days
I over heard two fellows arguing about poverty
Whilst I sat in the cafe drinking coffee
Poverty seems like a repellent stuck on the poor
Whose only fault lies in owning no property or asset to parade
Their skin soaks up the heat
Leaving it as black as the midnight sky,
Neither have I measured the life with coffee spoon
Nor did hips ever become a drum to beat, at noon
Long ago there was a king,
Sober, sublime and sincere,
When I went to orphan house I met lot of children
They didn't see their mother nor did their Father
My poverty
And it is my poverty
Drive out poverty
And illiteracy
Poverty and misrule
Wolves are same all over
Poverty is like an iron cover with several holes in it
Through which pass some invisible rays
Who with a little cannot be content,
Endures an everlasting punishment.The stork flew over a town one day,
And back of each wing an infant lay;
Poverty and Crime
desperation starvation
Poverty crone
Dancing with open belly
'momma, i'm hungry! '
'i cant find you. where are you? '
Fill the rivers,
With poverty’s tears,
By your wall falling lots of garbages
Neither you cleanse nor you use,
Wild horses we
Pricked at the wind,
Mom and dad depressed.
Children's bellies extended.
Poverty, hunger and want of resources,
Still do the rounds,
An egotistical backlog
of creditors
Father, poverty is a gift
Ask any bird taking a rain bath.
It is true poverty is a relative thing
A poor bloke buys his girlfriend a ten dollar ring
Poverty is disguise in blessings
In the sense it has essential feature of tracing
It's killing me bit by bit
It enhances my frustration
Poverty is not a great shame, but                                      It's a shame upon those who're behind it,                               There are poor people everywhere because                                  Of the greedy people who steal everything,                               Poor people are the products of failed                                    Regimes that steal everything and everyone,                               Poverty talks loudly because it's huge                                    Anytime, anywhere, and everywhere,                                   When there people steal other people                                      It means poverty will prevail and rule,                                   Poverty is a bitter enemy that must be                                   Fought with all might and with all weapons,                            The poor people suffer too much in life                                         Because there are thieves who are stealing                              Them everyday, everywhere, and anywhere,                                          The poor people's fault is the greedy people                                Who are not replenished with everything they take, and                  Poverty is a deadly poison that spreads everywhere.An infectious disease
spread through the air
It may be buried memories from my past
Though still fresh and striking to my heart
Poor people can not eat                                               All kinds of subs and sandwiches                                          Simply because they don't have money                                       To buy them anytime, anywhere, and everywhere,                               They can not eat any kind of fast food,                                    Cooked food, or any kind of food, but                                   They can eat only ready-made food from the garbage                        Or left food on the sidewalks,                                           They don't eat good foods because simply they can't                            Buy any kind of food anytime, anywhere, and everywhere,                  I went everywhere in our pretty world and I saw these                    Poor people eating from the garbage and they go inside                    Just to pick some left food,                                             These poor people when they pick the left or thrown food                   In the garbage or on the sidewalks and these people look                     Like birds picking their food in the same way,                                   The poor people regretfully can't get good food because                     They are poor and they have no choice at all anytime,                   Poor people suffer simply because they lack money and they                 Lack the world's attention though some people have a lot of food,    Our world is greatly unfair about the poor people and may be           Not caring about the poor and their abject poverty anytime, and       Greatly all the world is surely responsible directly or indirectly    Towards all the poor people anywhere, everywhere, and anywhere.I am a proud man
Not because of my wealth
Water simmers on the stove
Grater is turning to pieces, a dry clove
Small lines
Poverty
Eradication of poverty all over the world
A must and justice to the people
When we talk each other
As a subject and object
I hate this grinding poverty—
To toil, and pinch, and borrow,
Every night you question your poverty,
while rich people enjoy their frivolity.
I saw an old cottage of clay,
And only of mud was the floor;
The poor
The homeless
O poverty, thou hast made me great.
Thou hast made me honoured like Christ
The poor
The homeless
There's smoke in the air
I walk stupefied;
It’s the 21st century,
World has advanced in many ways, yet poverty still cries.
Poverty
Poverty is female
he was born poor..
his whole life..
The entity that is dreaded by all but ever present everywhere, a non-respecter of age,
Poverty does not have regard for race, nor nationality, as it is present in every part of the globe,
As in the house I sate,
Alone and desolate,
The world with its people,
People in different religion,
This animal is there,
Waiting with cruel claws,
Swarms of ants
Spotted dead
Poverty is the curse of life
but some time it is gift for life
Poverty
Is an baleful curse.
POVERTY: WAR OF TODAY
melvin banggollay
If I would own nothing, poverty would be my name
If I would acquire wealth, with it a name
Men speak of riches and poverty, two extremes of our reality,
But, for many, it would seem, they never enter either extreme,
you look at the poverty of other people
romancing it like a metaphor in your poetry
Alack, what poverty my Muse brings forth,
That having such a scope to show her pride,
O, Poverty! though from thy haggard eye,
Thy cheerless mien, of every charm bereft,
The horrific specter called Poverty,
Ruining most illustrious of men;
A birth in poverty is luck supreme!
A death in poverty, a great blessing;
الفقير                                                                 ما بيشحد و لو بدو يموت                                                 لأن الشحادة عيب                                                        و اللي بيشحد مانو فقير                                                 الشحاد بيمد ايدو متر                                                   ليشحد من هون و هون                                                    و الفقير ابي النفس                                                     و لكن الايام غلبتو                                                     و يمكن اشياء و اشياء خلتو فقير...........                              الفقر ليس عيبا                                                        و انما الشحادة اكبر عيب...                                             في ناس الشحادة عندون مكسب                                              لأننون ماخسرانين شي                                                     اذا مدو ايدون شبر و لامتر                                                في ناس بتبزء بوشون                                                     بيئولوا عما تمطر...                                                   في ناس كتير....                                                        ماشفت فقير عم يشحد                                                     بس شفت ناس بتشحد                                                      و ما بحاجة للمصاري او الفلوس...                                       عيب... انتي اللي عم تشحد                                              زوء على حالك...                                                      بس الفقير فئرو                                                         الو الف سبب و سبب                                                     و الله ما بيترك حدا                                                      كل مين جايلو رزئو...                                                  الفقر مش عيب                                                          الشحادة عيب...                                                       21-08-2014                                                            - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -At least spare a thought for the children the children of Poverty Street
They are homeless as young teenagers and against the odds they must compete
Poverty
Poverty is a curse for human society
THE IMPACT OF POVERTY ON EDUCATION.
INTRODUCTION
I met her on the Umbrian hills,
Her hair unbound, her feet unshod:
Above our  heads is the bright  moon
Is she busy now   with honey-moon?
(he shouts about politics, while we have here about poetry)
....he read that
Profit and loss sheets are spread
separated by hyperboles and conjectures
the poverty of the world
the hunger of the children
Freedom in our land not gives us enough food,
Freedom in our land not has enough work,
If the rich people
Becomes more sympathetic
It has no joy—
No bells to ring.
What does poverty really entail?
How bad does it have to get?
299
Your Riches—taught me—Poverty.
ଖୋଲା ଆକାଶ ତଳେ
ଖରା, ବର୍ଷା, ଶୀତକୁଆଲିଗଂନ କରି
Seeking the healing power of sleep,
I find no respite in my dreams...
the power of God is truly amazing, he never dissapoints us.  Even when we think he may have forgotten us, he shows his hand and the glory of his love.
I had many family issues in the last few weeks and just couldn't take it anymore so I did what I consider to be the obvious.  I gave all my troubles to God and left them in his hands, my daughter did the same.
When the rain falls from the sky above,
It is God showering you with tears of love.
You-
Stand by the ocean, shouting, trying to
A POET LOSES HIS POWER FOR POETRY
A poet loses his power for poetry
When we would convince men of any error by
the strength of truth, let us additionally pour
We will build a tower
With unbridled spring-water attitudes
come
lets kiss and rejoice
Ah power! Power
Goeth away
'Twas at the royal feast for Persia won
By Philip's warlike son—
I am beyond the help of prayer...I am in the abyss of a double life
One which I brought upon myself and another Fate has dealt me
The unction cools my brow; the candle shines
and braids a line of sacramental brede;
The sea invades the coastal cliffs,
Battling against its stalwart stone,
I never turned anyone into a pig.
Some people are pigs; I make them
I happen to be terrified
By cut-throat competition
The word power is ambiguous and mystifying
Power is interrelated and measurable
Fighting wars just like before
Hate to think how many more
I love someone for the influence I have.
I love playing where I employ my force.
HAD I the power that have the will,
The enfeebled will - a modern curse -
Jesus is coming to set all straight and you may have no time to wait.
For no one knows the day or hour when He’ll return in all His Power.
His Power bounded, greater is in might,
Than if let loose, 'twere wholly infinite.
U Fooled me
U Cheated on me
540
I took my Power in my Hand—
There cames a time
When you face the tougest of figths
Kisses upon kisses
Teases upon teases
Three or four repetitions
of a mental picture
They've got a libdo and a desire
That can't be controled
They say her words were like balloons
with strings I could not hold,
How the time passes by.
We are unable to arrest it.
O Thou dread Power, who reign'st above,
I know thou wilt me hear,
Bead-String in one hand and Book in another hand
Goddess Saraswathi sits on a White Lotus
A bad habit they form as a young girl or boy
To have power over others some people enjoy
Power can tackle power,
Power can go deep in to the air.
It is a fact that human beings cannot live without money
People go to work everyday because of money
Once in jungle a rat was very frightened by a cat
Somehow it escaped from the attack,
Power is love and strength
Showered on others at any length
Looking into the distant future
something my stupid past didn’t see.
Love, indeed thy strength is mighty
Thus, alone, such strife to bear --
I drank and feasted on the table of love
They laughed, cried and shared
I must love her more than she does,
The husband wants.
In silence the flower buds gently bloom,
In silence they waft their sweet perfume.
Death be not proud
for you have no hold over my life,
The lonliness of the night,
Is matched by the emptiness of my bed.
A Word is capable of anything
It is capable of changing enemies
Written words are powerful
Able to influence and elicit change
Power or no power
Tuesday, March 27,2018
The mighty sound of forests murmuring
In answer to the dread command;
The power of truth is in the belief
The power of love in the heart
To some power is guns
To some power is knifes
deceiver of nations,
controller of men,
There is a power in taking
But more power in giving
Power! Power! ! Power! ! !
Madness;
Far far away
Deep in space
Set tongues to wagging
Now sucking harder then ever before
Where the world goes
Where the power goes
Remember him, whom Passion's power
Severely---deeply---vainly proved:
O thou, my lovely boy, who in thy power
Dost hold Time's fickle glass his fickle hour;
O, from what power hast thou this powerful might
With insufficiency my heart to sway?
XXXIX
Because thou hast the power and own'st the grace
They that have power to hurt and will do none,
That do not do the thing, they most do show,
How change of chairs makes human beings queer!
That power corrupts minds is truly true;
They that have power to hurt and will do none,
That do not do the thing they most do show,
Because thou hast the power and own'st the grace
To look through and behind this mask of me
They that have power to hurt and will do none,
That do not do the thing they most do show,
Each man on Earth who strives for good
And seeks to bless the neighbourhood
To have the right to dream
and to follow it each day
When you look at your life
With your trophy wife
The lust for power and money to corruption lead
And some cheat and lie to satisfy their greed
The lust for power is an addiction the Government their own praises do sing
And rubbish their main opposition as to Government they try to cling
Beyond that plant you may see the shanties in a row without the electricity
And the poor parents read pamphlets of family planning under the moonlight
The little power we have to others we give away
They rule our lives for us we go by what they say
Litter of puppies
Glitters the garden.
Connected to God, in tune with nature,
heartfelt passions spoken in a line.
The power of Armies is a visible thing,
Formal, and circumscribed in time and space;
Not human art, but living gods alone
Can fashion beauties that by changing live,--
Pain is the feeling you endure when you are alone,
It is great torture when you have no friends at all
Cruel friend
Trust built on lies
The power of ideas are immeasurable
They are the hidden treasures which lies
Love lives and gives itself to us all!
Love lives and gives itself to us all!
Inside a tree a squirrel sat,
he was well-nourished, even fat.
One song can spark a moment,
One whisper can wake the dream.
One second might not tell
When held against an hour
You pray a lot and take pride
That your prayers are granted
or, The First Steamboat up the Alabama.
You, Dinah!  Come and set me whar de ribber-roads does meet.
The old man had been channeling Albert for days
He had managed to make contact with him
The foaming stream from out the rock
With thunder roar begins to rush,--
When a tiny melody catches your breath
And wonderful lyrics impound your brain
It was a special time indeed, when Christ chose to died upon a tree,
For He didn't die because of a crime, but He died for you and me.
There is sorrow enough in the natural way
From men and women to fill our day;
Mighty art thou, because of the peaceful charms of thy presence;
That which the silent does not, never the boastful can do.
'Tis a strange mystery, the power of words!
Life is in them, and death. A word can send
464
The power to be true to You,
The power u think u have ova me,
is not as strong as u think
You have heard of the wonderful one-hoss shay
That was built in such a logical way
'Tis sad to think that many with power abuse it those with power who abuse it weak not strong
There is nothing wrong with having power in the first place it is the abuse of it that is all wrong
677
To be alive—is Power—
To have power over others is something one does not need
For tis only by good example that one can ever lead
From them only negative stuff we do hear
They tell us who to trust and tell us who to fear
V-8 engines pushing tin
Up and down to run and win
The Power of Love
- Sense it
their coarse voices
Wow! Chinaman s-peak-s En-gli-sh
Sexism • Ageism
Religious intolerance • Xenophobia
I was in my office one day
And an old black truck driver came my way
Anti-racism,
Anti-racism demos,
The matter is over,
They have erred
beware two wrongs do not make a right
reverse racism is still racism
Not much so far done
More needs to be done
Direct Racism In Fake Humanity
April 13, 2020
The eyes of hate stares down at you
with so much dispproval and it makes you
We all must bring our
Racism to end.
A lightning bolt thought
caused in his mind prism
Geography and Racism
I have only seen
How long will you go
Doing
disease gutter journalism
raises ugly head distorts
Racism persists when
Prejudice and ignorance
the silence
between his hockey stories...
Globe,
Lobe,
How long will the mayhem continue to,
Rioting and chaos,
We are fed up with this
Brand of protesters,
I saw its ugly head
And witnessed its action.
We have met before
And you closed the door
I am what I am and your not.
It was said by someone
When those  victims of racism are cruelly abused,
Their faces look so sad and they don't know they are used.
lessons in racism
should be taken to heart
Will someone please say it’s a rumor and not true,
That professional woman’s golf is not going to,
It was heart breaking to leave great grandfathers area;
Blood sucking land grabbers and from their phobia!
No, no to racism,
No, no to racial prejudice and hypocrisy,
Racism has no place
in poetry
If you love me,
Let it come from your heart and, let it show on your face;
they need help around the arrogant world
against racism the poor and blacks.
There once was a scruffy old pig,
he loved wearing his barrister's wig.
I always feel disappointed when of racism I read
And when I read of it in Ireland I feel very sad indeed
.
What racist named her a racist?
Wondering at the rudeness in people of power, thinking
they are better than those they are supposed to be
Prejudice
I don't like him or her or them
Pressure of racism flows from mouths of those who proclaim
to be politically correct and who are in fact, just the
Arizona!  The land of sand n' fun
Passed a law that opened up a door
racism is the rich man's lash
on the poor man's back!
A newborn babe is racist free.
Racist levels that fill one's mind
Racism and Rank are humanity's shame
All people should be equal and the same
We must be aware…..,
Of the Culture Of Racism….,
Racism is the deadliest form of cancer
For our society, it is a serious danger
some people
lick racism like
for Abraham Joshua Heschel who proclaims that Racism is man's gravest threat to man.
'those slanted eyes'
Racism has a human heart,
An artery of cruelty & death,
It would seem racism abounds
everywhere. In this century
racism in any form
is a crime against
Prejudice cannot be hidden,
Arrogance for the color of skin.
Racism
It is bad
Of human ignorance I am almost in despair
For racism is around me everywhere
Wise words from a wise old fellow for as long as I live I'll recall
He said if you are a Racist to one Race then you are a racist to all
Ever since modern man
drove the last
People from different places come to America
They have different backgrounds and have different skin
Racism is still alive
They just be concealing it
Some things never change suppose life is this way
Racism is still rife in the Human World of today
I was born and reared in Southern Illinois. That region of Illinois then a part of the Segregated South. The schools I attended were not as functional as those the white kids enjoyed. Appreciating movies at the local Roxy Theatre required a lonely climb upstairs to the balcony. I've sipped water from fountains designated 'Negro Only, ' and well remember the 'Colored' signs at the rear of the 'Tri-City' bus. At an advanced age, in the center of one of the World's most renowned regions, where least expected, I've heard the disparaging word 'nigger' directed my way on separate occasions.
As an activated USMC Reservist during the Korean Conflict, I was deployed to Parris Island, South Carolina. Arriving in Beaufort soon after daybreak, famished, amid thoughts centered on an uncertain future, I was oblivious to the cultural mores around me. Dressed in full military regalia, toting a fully packed sea-bag, I entered the nearest restaurant seeking a mere breakfast meal. I was met at the door with words I shall never forget, 'We don't serve Colored People here.' My Country had just ordered me to submit my life to protect it, with death if necessary, yet found it convenient to deny me a decent meal in a comfortable setting.
Racist people,
Are the saddest these days.
We have to master the art of tolerance and endurance
give honesty and love a place in our hearts
I write and put down on paper whats on my mind, I'll say  a few words none to be kind. I hate racism people of that act, I do not care what color you are. You could be white, brown, or black.A paradox has open it's door, people think who started this war.Inorgance is very bliss your conscience is telling you to listen to this, your heart we need to make a new start take part and be hate free. It's start with a vocie, it begins with me. It is time to put our hearts to  the test  and see if it brings out our best and lets  put racism to rest. Our anger and hatered have been release, cease! ! , And bring peace. Pray to god and ask him above, ''Do you  not  think it is time to spread the love ''. Make yourself proud speak up loud let it be known let the love be shown. Racism needs to end.Racism on it does not have gender or colour or creed
And the Human World of it is surely not in need
there are two things that i fear
one that i could not see
okay okay okay okay
good no good no
Racism, Racism, Racism
You give a human sorrow and hate
Racist prejudice had blinded the minds of mankind,
Thus forgetting the enormous contributions of one another on this earth;
Racial explosives are
more dangerous than
black holocaust hell
racial hate
the cold emotion of a species
fuming in rage against God
Racism
Of my eyes two stream
Stalking the corridors of life,
Black, frustrated minds
Racism
Eats you up inside.
racism is everywhere
racism is all around you
Racism
Racism all great foolishness to those that perish,
I'm not a racist, I just don't want, to live with them
What makes you think, they want to live with you,
little jimmy
had a willy
The racist cloaks his loathing thoughts
behind deceiving eyes
We the black people,
The workin folk
Water is searching the path—
Lost its way—
yes I know what you mean
yes I understand how you feel
racism perpetrated in the name
of past injustices is still racism
reverse racism back lash counter swing
pendulum momentum counter swings
Signs appearing in the middle of an afternoon rush
at Wendy's.
What happend next after the GOP, cherry noses that indicate popped capillarys
from habitual drinking the Mayor is forced to leave.
Racism is both systemic and systematic
Racism is a systemic and endemic cancer
Children are born blind to hate and bigotry
With their big smiles and loving ways
I see the sad color of racism not every other day
But every minutes of the day
Friend,
How long will this
How long will the hooligans,
Vandalizers,
I was once invited to participate,
In a seminar.
It hides the facts,
And exposes insecurities.
The racism erases
the beautiful memories
They knew of racism and police abuse
And for retalitation the Kellys they had an excuse
Thinking was I of this newest scare
That has stolen away people's dare—
আমি প্রায় হতাশ মানুষের মুর্খতা নিয়ে
কেননা আমার চারপাশে জাতিবিদ্বেষ সবখানে রয়েছে ছড়িয়ে
There once was a young, male recruit,
he was smart rather tall, also cute.
In the Human World it does not belong
We do not need racism since it is so wrong
Yes tell me it is not called the third world!
It is called the developing world? Developing?
Weeding,
whispered the Great Spirit,
Racism finds no home
in the heart
Righteous habitation! !
Following after righteous laws;
Instruct,
Teach,
A dark cloud of rain
drifted into my life
I want to fall on you like rain
upon a wildflower
Open the window, and let the air
Freshly blow upon face and hair,
Rain-days are funny
Funnier, rain-nights
The tree tops are Dead
and so are the Roots
From true rain
Drought floats, beyond
One Chinese lantern,
forgotten when the lawn party
THE rain has ceased, and in my room
The sunshine pours an airy flood;
There trudges one to a merry-making
With sturdy swing,
The April rain, the April rain,
Comes slanting down in fitful showers,
Let the rain kiss you
Let the rain beat upon your head with silver liquid drops
the rain, it comes
down in so many ways
Suddenly, from all the green around you,
something-you don't know what-has disappeared;
E knew it would rain, for all the morn
A spirit on slender ropes of mist
Sleep falls, with limpid drops of rain,
Upon the steep cliffs of the town.
Beloved, let us once more praise the rain.
Let us discover some new alphabet,
When I'm lying awake, listening to rain
hammering on the roof,
Different
Little different days
He’s written his rules
In invisible ink
THEY sing their dearest songs--
He, she, all of them--yea,
Early summer rain--
houses facing the river,
What will suffice for a true-love knot? Even the rain?
But he has bought grief's lottery, bought even the rain.
First winter rain--
even the monkey
Oh, Marcia,
I want your long blonde beauty
Let us sit by a hissing steam radiator a winter's day, gray wind pattering frozen raindrops on the window,
And let us talk about milk wagon drivers and grocery delivery boys.
Sitting for what seems hours
listening to the rain
I thought it would rain today
sky hanging low & threatening
The children of men have come to me,
They say to me
In spring rain
a pretty girl
When shall it again rain upon
this parched and thirsty land?
Like the touch of rain she was
On a man's flesh and hair and eyes
A slight rain comes, bathed in dawn light.
I hear it among treetop leaves before mist
When I wake up my sleepy head
I've got my trousers on in bed
Oh, gray and tender is the rain,
That drips, drips on the pane!
885
Our little Kinsmen—after Rain
Wan white mists upon the sea,
East wind harping mournfully
A ROBIN in the morning,
In the morning early,
Well, I'm listening to the pitter-patter of the rain
Alone in the middle of the night
Rain go away, Rain come here
Friday,19th July 2019
Rain has fallen all the day.
O come among the laden trees:
How beautiful is the rain!
After the dust and heat,
Comes from the dark cloud
That makes a noise loud
Rain on me, my God
Rain on me.
Now on the hill
The fitful wind is so still
the vultures at the zoo
(all three of them)
Rain passes, washing the face of the mountain.
Clouds come, the mountain's in a dream.
Beautiful river, down from the sky
Beauty, as the clouds do cry
a symphony orchestra.Roads not yet glistening, rain slight,
Broken clouds darken after thinning away.
Rain, midnight rain, nothing but the wild rain
On this bleak hut, and solitude, and me
Suddenly this defeat.
This rain.
Sitting in the rain as it falls on my face,
Thinking about making love is a wondrous place.
The rain is raining all around,
It falls on field and tree,
Rain...Rain...
how sweet and lovely is a water from sky..
Bid adieu to the hot waves
As the cold breeze have set in,
POEM IS HIDDEN. CANNOT BE READ WITHOUT THE PERMISSION OF THE AUTHORRain go away, Rain come here
Friday,19th July 2019
Rain, Rain! !
Fall in drops
Rain, Rain please pour on me
Rain, Rain please set me free
Rain, rain, fall today,
Wash away my debts to pay,
Raindrops release sweet musical notes
Pigeons coo from inside their cozy cotes
Rain Rain Rain,
Up above from the skies
Rain, torrential rain lashing,
It ran down my neck making my collar
Rain, rain, rain
on pain's pane which is shuttered quite.
Rain, Rain, Rain, come again and again,
In the winter, in the summer and in spring,
Rain on tinned roof
Rain on concrete
At first I couldn't get enough,
Now I just can't make it stop.
The great light cage has broken up in the air,
freeing, I think, about a million birds
Night,
and the yellow pleasure of candle-light....
Light rain-drops fall and wrinkle the sea,
Then vanish, and die utterly.
The storm came up so very quick
It couldn't have been quicker.
Spring rain
leaking through the roof
I thought I had forgotten,
But it all came back again
Still falls the Rain---
Dark as the world of man, black as our loss---
You ever had seen summer rain.
It comes like a wild reflection.
I look above
Hot tears kiss my face
The common rain had come again
Slanting and colorless, pale and anonymous,
The first rain reminds me
Of the rising summer dust.
The fitful alternations of the rain,
When the chill wind, languid as with pain
The snow floats down upon us, mingled with rain...
It eddies around pale lilac lamps, and falls
THE latter rain, it falls in anxious haste
Upon the sun-dried fields and branches bare,
The melancholy year is dead with rain.
Drop after drop on every branch pursues.
The moon still shines like that of ages old,
holding distant secrets like a tale yet to be told,
(all my evening sessions
have been set to torches-
The rain and the wind, the wind and the rain --
They are with us like a disease:
Rain on the green grass,
And rain on the tree,
Rain on the green grass,
And rain on the tree,
All night the sound had
come back again,
I hear leaves drinking rain;
I hear rich leaves on top
In that desolate land and lone,
Where the Big Horn and Yellowstone
My books I'd fain cast off, I cannot read,
'Twixt every page my thoughts go stray at large
There will come soft rain and the smell of the ground,
And swallows circling with their shimmering sound;
Thicker than rain-drops on November thorn.I hear the tap . . . , tap . . . , tap . . . ,
of the tropical rain,
An assortment of coloured umbrellas,
Fending off the rain,
I love the rain,
The way it gracefully falls from the leaves,
call it the greenhouse effect or whatever
but it just doesn't rain like it used to.
When the rain drops fall on my head
Then I feel the greatness of the nature
WHEN the sun comes after rain
And the bird is in the blue,
You come to me quiet as rain not yet fallen
Afraid of how you might fail yourself your
Rainbow of sunset
Glowing on edge of darkness
Sun and humming birds
Mingle while rainbows arch high
as a Child
I picked up shells
The sun sinks golden o’er the sea
The stars begin to sparkle bright
The golden sun sets o’er the sea
Across the sand you walk with me
A Rainbow is…
An undeniable natural beauty,
Leave Behind Drab-Disapproving Crowds
Run In  Rainbow-Mist, A Bright-Prism-Cloud
She's not the end of my rainbow
she's its beginning-
A groan still roars
In the private quarters
Romance
to Bloom
Run after a rainbow
and catch it
If I could place a song in every rainbow
so it could strum its tune in colored melody.
A timid rainbow
falls from the sky in your eyes
clouds and is already starting to rain
rainy morning
The word goes round Repins,
the murmur goes round Lorenzinis,
Breath  when sheathed by the web of ebbs
I still remember the rainbow by the blue moon
You came to me, in confidence,
calling my name, half-teasingly,
At the end of the rainbow
lies our dream of reverie.
At the end of the rainbow in fable 'tis told
The Leprechaun he hides his bronze pot of gold
The rain drops fall
The sun comes out
Chasing Rainbow
i am chasing rainbows, this indigo girl
A rainbow does not stay too long,
for everyone to see. So I hurry to
I talked to Grammy yesterday
about a girl I know.
It was childhood enchantment in the form of song
Which first awoke in me, the rainbow-lover
R.ainbows in the sky reminders of you
A.lways feeling sheltered with the colours shining through
Leaving rainbows in my sleep
Only vision softly creeps
Words can fail like magnets not sticking to the fridge
and we all complain when the rent is due again.
Of the rainbow
With all the colors
Gloomy rainbow...
Oh how the pain doesn't seize to grow...
There is a Bow in the Sky
It has all the Colors inside
Colours of the earth
a pot of gold shining bright
Rainbow oh rainbow
You be in my dreams somehow
Rainbow, Rainbow
that was her nickname.
I hold the rainbow in my hands
And the colour of the rainbow
I never touched a Rainbow.
But seen I quite a few...
The dhuppatta of the Indian angel
Sprawling over there far in the ether
She woos and coos with all her secrets
Leaving all in her universe own opened sacred
There’s no such thing as a nice shade of brown
I don’t want a pastel or grey coloured crown
all my life I lived in grey and black, blue and red.
black was depression
my rainbow has changed
for it has faded
I have a Rainbow Garden
For inside of it you’ll see
Ah...fallen woman
amongst brambles and nettles
194
On this long storm the Rainbow rose—
Over the rainbow,
a kaleidoscope of colors mingle.
The morning rays of the Sun cling
On the upper bow of the Rainbow
Play with Rainbow, wear the Rainbow
Ride the Rainbow high and low
After the rain, the drops from heaven,
Comes the rainbow, a ray from heaven,
I feel like talking
Telling everyone about you
Life is like a Rainbow
Every colour gives us energy
RAINBOW CURLING
I swear and swear me when rainbow curling
Amazing lady you..
like  you has never been..
Hazy and misty sky turns (into)   bright
Sun shines faintly in the rain ere long
(Jackson County, Ky)
We liked to go there
Morning breaks.
Shafts of rainbow's light
Rainbow up in the sky
Full of colors to make you smile
Red, orange, yellow
green, blue, indigo- violet
Gods made me earths rainbow maker
I pour the colors from His paint cans.
What wonderful colors surround us
As we enter the summer season
Rainbow Rainbow,
Where do you end,
Colors of
Rainbow
As the ruby roses blossom
In the inner field of my bosom,
Seven colors of rainbow
Looks like a embow
Raindrops sparkle any day
Look up the sky for a ray
The stillness
After the storm
Rainbow
I raised the elbow
Colorful wedding band
From the proud sky
I know as I look at you out from my window
Tomorrow you retreat back to your shadow
I saw a rainbow silhouette from the sky
I know the reason and its purpose why
Through rainbow tears I see love's true colors
Shining bright amongst them above all others...
If Rainbow Walker wonders how long?
Not long
If I walk to the end of my rainbow
will there be a pot of gold?
She was like a rainbow
A delight after a storm
Josie it´s been a long hard day
Down the road to where it´s at
64
Some Rainbow—coming from the Fair!
SPECKLES OF RAINBOW
time yet flies by the shadow
I can compare the beauty of my life in a rainbow
And I will laugh and day “oh”
The shepherd boy's tattered red kite entangles in the rainbow
And he cries while sitting on the burning earth like a motherless child.
A Cowboy, Neath A Rainbow
Rode The Range, Far and Free
Once I saw a rainbow
Over the ocean blue
Then on the twenty first
Then let the tangent
THERE'S a fabulous story
Full of splendor and glory,
I cry, but the tears dont even stay by my side.
Sometimes I feel like I am all alone, and I have no help fighting of the cold.
somewhere
in the sky
Today I saw a rainbow
with bright colors in the sky.
97
The rainbow never tells me
Over the rainbow bluebirds scatter,
Nothing's there to really matter.
In the face of the sun are great thunderbolts hurled,
And the storm-clouds have shut out its light;
After the tempest in the sky
How sweet yon rainbow to the eye!
I do set my bow in the cloud, and it shall be for a token of a covenant between me and the earth.
Genesis ix. 13.
The  rainbow appears in the blue sky after the rains,
It is a vista of hope in the dark and pains.
Moist, bright, and green, the landscape laughs around.
Full swell the woods; their every music wakes,
The rainbow of colors
So merry and bright
Watch the white dawn gleam,
To the thunder of hidden guns.
I love the rainbow with its shades of green and blue,
I love the way the rainbow tells itself to you.
let me fly....
Why should I have broken wings? ! ! ! !
I hear you
and feel your touch
Triumphal arch, that fill'st the sky
When storms prepare to part,
Lord when I look at the Rainbow you have placed in sky so
blue, it reminds me that all your promises are true
Tides have rushed in and taken
the time that was given to us, it
Oh, if that rainbow up there,
Spanning the sky past the hill,
she dug a hole
planted some seeds
chinese wedding
two red candles burn
There you were a sight to behold,
quietly sleeping, in shimmering folds.
Did you ever see a barrel of wine
With the ruby red liquid trickling down?
I have bright red angry screams.
Not within the voice of me.
He was just a little kid
In a kid’s kind of world
74
A Lady red—amid the Hill
Your lips are like a southern lily red,
Wet with the soft rain-kisses of the night,
You're in this dream of cotton plants.
You raise a hoe, swing, and the first weeds
O my Luve's like a red, red rose
That's newly sprung in June;
your eyes shine like dawn sky
your smile a field of light grass
Rest and look at this goddamned wheelbarrow. Whatever
It is. Dogs and crocodiles, sunlamps. Not
A single red rose
lays on a grave,
Staring at a single read rose, so much beauty
not as much to be wasted on someone as beautiful
Across the red sky two birds flying,
Flying with drooping wings.
Among the red guns,
In the hearts of soldiers
Captive! Is there a hell to him like this?
A taunt more galling than the Huron's hiss?
When the king of Egypt,
Let the Israelites go,
You know Ken Copeland, Ben Hinn, and Joyce Meyer,
Paula White, Eddie Long, and Creflo Dollar,
The Yangtze flows east
Washing away
Is the Black man’s blood black,
Or the Black Crow’s blood black?
i  swim in the blood red waves,
not noticing the monster deep within,
Sometimes she walks through the village in her
little red dress
Code Orange Code Red, today these warnings echo throughout our land,
But these warnings just focus our attention on the wickedness of man.
Red is deep anger that never comes out
Red is believing, and then having doubt.
Jingle verse enjoy.  In reversed jest
our game is hid - no orchestra in song, -
I’ll nettle you from behind
I’ll striddle you from the side
Double red daisies, they’re my flowers,
Which nobody else may grow.
She stood at the alter
A gown of white she did wear
Give me the blood red poppy,
With one black beady eye
in the new washroom
teaching grandchild to brush teeth
RED balloon
floating through frames
I LOVE to be warm by the red fireside,
I love to be wet with rain:
In a moment of silence
I ponder
595
Like Mighty Foot Lights—burned the Red
Walking to Grandma’s house was such a chore
For nymphomaniac Little Red Riding Whore
May …
Our Brothers and Sisters
Many red devils ran from my heart
And out upon the page,
MF: your initials hit me
striking hard - blinding
MO CAILIN ALAINN RUA
(My Beautiful Red Haired Girl)
Ahhh...you're candy apple red.
You're breakfast in bed.
I have a little red car,
that fits five quite comfortably,
My love is like a red, red rose,
You just call her
Here I write a red poem,
Sophie Tucker red,
So beautiful and so fragrant
I'm so proud of them, you see
O bring to me a red, red Rose
A symbol of your love
I want to be from there
I want to live there when the sun rise
For our white and our excellent nights--for the nights of swift
running,
This harpie with dry red curls
talked openly of her husband,
Red flags the reason for pretty flags.
And ribbons.
THE old brown thorn-trees break in two high over Cummen Strand,
Under a bitter black wind that blows from the left hand;
Red lips are not so red
As the stained stones kissed by the English dead.
Red is the colour of tomato sauce dripping down the side of your hamburger
Red is the feeling after exercise
OH HOW I LOVE THE COLOUR RED
Especially dripping from my head,
i like
red
(Edited by Heather Burns - Error Free)
I
(Poet's Word: Dear fellow Amigo! This is a very revolutionary poem which has come from Marina trench of my heart spontaneously - like the flow of brook, when I read lot of novels and real life biographies of comrades, socialists, etc. who were (are)      always immersed in battles of blood for betterment of the poor and down trodden sections of the society in various developing countries.I hope lot of writers read this and write their suggestions, comments and criticism. Wish a happy reading to all the COMRADES!)
I am a trumpeting elephant and high tide,
Fighting is my Label,
I am a red rebel.........
Red, red gold, a kingdom's ransom, child,
To weave thy yellow hair she bade them spin.
Red, red rose, she blew her breath
Fingers, it’s stem she caressed
The beauty of this lovely garden,
The beauty of this lonely rose,
It isn’t hard to image
What exactly she’s doing there
A stem with a reddish bud on,
A crown among the fairest in the sun;
Red Rose Red Lips
Red color of red rose match with your soft lips
Red Rose,
Red rose,
Poets may praise a wattle thatch
Doubtfully waterproof;
2222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222 22222222222222I'm nervous on the sidewalk,
pacing back and forth
I sit alone, it's all too much,
Why can't i just be dead,
Sitting on the curb
Wondering why she does this-it was her
It is not for them to criticize too minutely the methods the Irish followed, though they might deplore some of their results. During the past few years Ireland had been going through what was tantamount to a revolution. -- EARL SPENCER
Red Earl, and will ye take for guide
What was the blackest sight to me
Of all that campaign?
Across the Eastern sky has glowed
The flicker of a blood-red dawn,
a ping rings so slight
off our submarine hull
The meaning of just one red rose
It's plain for all to see
The evil demons
Scream inside
The fidelity of the day
Runs along the chrome gills
Closeted I stare at this red door.
Ajar, but as open to me as a vault.
I always saw, I always said
If I were grown and free,
In the pleasant time of Pentecost,
By the little river Kyll,
There was a red-haired man who had no eyes or ears.
Neither did he have any hair, so he was called red-haired theoretically.
Sudden as a mirror, the red house
jumped from behind fluffed trees;
The great thing
is not having
The red rose wept for long
Upon the autumn sad song
You offer me a red rose
The little prince loved her
my rose...
as the red rose in my life you are...
If I gave 5 birds
each 4 eyes
I love your faces I saw the many years
I drank your milk and filled my mouth
The twilight heavens are flushed with gathering light,
And o'er wet roofs and huddling streets below
so much depends
upon
469
The Red—Blaze—is the Morning—
When the palefaces came in their whitewing'd canoes,
Long ago, from the sun-rising sea
There was something she thought again in his mysterious smile,
She tried to forget him but it was not possible even for a little while
He is said to have been the last Red man
In Action. And the Miller is said to have laughed--
(For Alden March)
With drooping sail and pennant
First, grant me my sense of history:
I did it for posterity,
This red balloon with broken string is floating into the sky,
I watch it swaying and jerking, as it enters the atmosphere,
Laid out for dead, let thy last kindness be
With leaves and moss-work for to cover me;
A smile on my face - Will never reach my eyes
You see laughs and jokes - they see all the lies
As the years rolled past and his hair turned gray,
He never was lonely again,
Look at the moon
Shining so bright
Inside the river are
the sky, the cloud, and the sun.
The rivers edge
becomes a pledge
Can’t stop looking at your picture,
hypnotized.
The sorrow of riverside blossoms inexplicable,
And nowhere to complain -- I've gone half crazy.
along the river fuji
bright, where a mountain
Shall we gather at the river,
Where bright angel feet have trod,
Because living is a river of ordinary moments,
each moment connected to the next,
The moon shimmers in green water.
White herons fly through the moonlight.
And he showed me a pure River of Water of Life, clear as crystal, proceeding out of the Throne of God and of the Lamb." -- Rev. xxii. 1
Shall we gather at the river
There is a hill ahead,
And Death is behind the hill;
Beside the raging river rhyme
poetry florets flower with prose.
Why hurry little river?
Off to the sea.
Carrying gentle peace and bliss
Gifted by God for selflessness,
WHEN by the broad stream thou dost dwell,
Oft shallow is its sluggish flood;
Hot, long lazy days
Sun dazed dragonflies skimming
FLOW on, ye lays so loved, so fair,
On to Oblivion's ocean flow!
By the river I stand
Waves amass together with ease
I was a young man my trade was a deck hand
my first love the clipper the old Rosalea
Down by the river we did go
hand in hand in a lovers
Hark, the sound of it drawing nearer,
Clink of hobble and brazen bell;
Do not look for the stones
in water above the mud,
forbidden waters
makes one weak
The river does not walk on its
journey struggling to get
blood rushing within
keeps my cold heart beating
Kabul town's by Kabul river --
Blow the bugle, draw the sword --
I dream of a heaven overlooking the river Nile
The Pyramids at a distance
By the river I stand:
Waves amass together
I hear a river thro' the valley wander
Whose water runs, the song alone remaining.
Clear Ancor, on whose silver-sanded shore
My soul-shrin'd saint, my fair Idea lies,
Enter this cavern Stranger! the ascent
Is long and steep and toilsome; here awhile
When the time keeps passing and the world goes round
and the sea is crashing at the cliffs and the sounds
AS slowly wanders thy forsaken stream,
Wenbeck! the mossy-scatter'd rocks among,
KNOW you the river near to Grez,
A river deep and clear?
Koening knew now there was no one on the river.
Entering its brown mouth choking with lilies
Remember the folks who first came to our shores,
Fleeing from floods, famine, starvation and wars.
Toward even when the day leans down,
To kiss the upturned face of night,
FLOW soft RIVER, gently stray,
Still a silent waving tide
Smooth it glides upon its travel,
Here a wimple, there a gleam--
I have to go back
to long ago
My River runs to thee—
Blue Sea! Wilt welcome me?
Oh Jordan River Lord Say Lay My Burdens On Thee
Oh Jordan River down yonder where the
Ten miles down Reedy River
A pool of water lies,
Under the light of the silver moon
We two sat, when our hearts were young;
I’LL be an otter, and I’ll let you swim
A mate beside me; we will venture down
The more we live, more brief appear
Our life's succeeding stages;
Arrows! Against these chain mail
is effective to repel the sharpness
The river below us:
nitrogen, phosphorous, petrochemicals,
What do you mean by river?
Is it only mere water?
Let the crows go by hawking their caw and caw.
They have been swimming in midnights of coal mines somewhere.
MUSKOKA
A stream of tender gladness,
This winter dusk, the wild goose's cry
disappears into the stone cliff:
Where first by Eden Tree
The Four Great Rivers ran,
Dear native Brook! wild Streamlet of the West!
How many various-fated years have past,
MY love o'er the water bends dreaming;
It glideth and glideth away:
The gulls are mad-in-love with the river,
And the river unveils her face and smiles.
We sink into the dust,
Baba and me,
The broad river flows fierce than an ocean.
In front of the longest bridge
The current of time's river
Will carry off all human deeds
'Twas in the year of 1887, and on the 28th of September,
Which many people of Honan, in China, will long remember;
I know a green grass path that leaves the field,
And like a running river, winds along
There was movement at the station, for the word had passed around
That the colt from old Regret had got away,
and the gulf enters the sea and so forth,
none of them emptying anything,
And they shook their sweetness out in their sleep
On the brink of that beautiful stream,
Then run along the riverside
upon a time a French King's pride
Her gown was simple woven wool,
But, in repayment,
After Li Po
While my hair was still cut straight
In a dream I returned to the river of bees
Five orange trees by the bridge and
As I stood upon the Dean Bridge and viewed the beautiful scenery,
I felt fascinated and my heart was full of glee,
The more we live, more brief appear
Our life's succeeding stages;
There is a great river this side of Stygia
Before one comes to the first black cataracts
The river of time keeps on flowing
O'er wishes and dreams gone unknown,
The river led me to you though the way was hard and long,
It saw me through adversity and taught me to be strong,
I watch the river flowing down towards the deep blue sea,
At the end of its winding path I know you wait for me,
I am a river flowing from God’s sea
Through devious ways. He mapped my course for me;
Down through bare fields and by many a hedgerow the streams from the high country flow
Down to join and swell the big river that into a huge water-way grow
In my first sleep
I came to the river
The river I have under my tongue,
Unimaginable water, my little boat,
I came from the sunny valleys
And sought for the open sea,
Today I met a woman
Who died four years ago
I'M now disposed to give a pretty tale;
Love laughs at what I've sworn and will prevail;
The river sings
A voice rises above
follows the river as it bends
along the valley floor,
The river tumbles onwards to the sea,
And rushes, racing over rocks and stones,
The skies are brass and the plains are bare,
Death and ruin are everywhere --
I
Said the Watcher by the Way
There is a river we all must cross,
Thousands will pass it tomorrow;
Time is not a river
Nor a ticking clock
I wonder if the river gets tired?
It runs and runs but never stops,
River! that in silence windest
Through the meadows, bright and free,
Dear native brook! wild streamlet of the West!
How many various-fated years have passed,
Fair river! in thy bright, clear flow
Of crystal, wandering water,
Upon the shaded river bank
Where willows weep on water's edge,
O TWEED! a stranger, that with wand'ring feet
O'er hill and dale has journey'd many a mile,
I THOUGHT of Thee, my partner and my guide,
As being pass'd away.--Vain sympathies!
i come here to look
for the hearts of the city
Wash of cold river
in a glacial land,
Where'er the sweetest river flows
I long that land to be my home,
WILD SOCIETY
kingfisher
This is one of my wirdest dreams
Walking by the river thinking things out,
Mills and Boon, Mills and Boon,
ravish me - but not too soon...
This I know... I have one!
She is very special
I cannot explain the way I feel about you
Girl, you're always on my mind
She watched him from the shadows
Too shy to say 'hi' she was still suffering
Romance
to Bloom
Tempered by the friction, of each others loneliness.
Brightly wooed, in our own glad glorious way.
A sturdy fellow, with a sunburnt face,
And thews and sinews of a giant mould;
How does one make the life so romantic?
No problem even if your friends are living beyond Atlantic
He looks at me with a madman's eyes -
It's your house and porch I know so well.
She was only ever ‘that girl’,
The one who always awoke instantly from the sound of:
A sombre romance
~
The air cold, crisp to the lung
Breath circles skyward bound
'Tis now that softening hour
When love hath deepest power,
There were thick leaves above me and around,
And low sweet sighs like those of childhood's sleep,
Uh oh! wakin' up from a dream
Wishin you were here with me
The memories embracing me, you see
as beautiful as they might be
Love is pain
So scars remain
Every once in awhile,
you hear a funny story,
Yesterday I wrote a joke poem,
Booby Prize Or A Fine Romance,
Its me you love,
And this I know,
Multicolored monarch fly,
Flower to flower vie,
As we stood by the lake side
An expanse so wide
That man
Is having a
There is heaven in rosy looks
Hell lies in gloomy glance
A shot at romance
She was only ever ‘that girl’,
Is the Dance Of Romance….,
Sometimes you’re not sure….,
The definition of love
Is when the woman
The shock makes me shake……,
When I’m in your embrace…..,
BOOK I
A thing of beauty is a joy for ever:
Sister once of weeds & a dark water that held still
In ditches reflecting the odd,
So you want a piece of my
Rosy, cushy, juicy pie
Life is full of enterprise and romance
It must be tested and understood at once
She hosed away the grime of time
The garden of love is now quite sublime.
Maybe a little romance is needed
Lightening our days in all this grey
Romance
came at morning
It’s February and romance is in the air.
Shops are filled with things to give your lady fair.
It’s a kamikaze romance
With our hearts strapped in the seats
Let romance be romance
Every dark night be morning
Like a lone Arab, old and blind,
Some caravan had left behind,
She is May,
And I am December.
I wanted to tell you
how it is that I love you
My romance is not hard or odd.
Since I've got it to give.
669
No Romance sold unto
I am truly scared for him,
I am not sure that I would vote for him,
The lady at the corner wicket
Sold me a stamp, I stooped to lick it,
Radio romance ridicules soul,
soldiers beat is the only motion I know.
Dear, you learn by mind
Memoirs of yesterdays
Old fashioned movies
With true love to gain
Beneath the pink horizon of dusk,
Parting words will be spoken
Hand blessed hand, caressed.
A blushing rose, her face;
Forty words:
Today is such a romantic day
It started with a little smile
A flirt and bat of the eye
YOU stood beside the flowers,
Yourself a flower;
Feminine...the 'dreamy' kind
every man adores her,
Romance In Your Pants….,
Most times you can tell….,
Romance is dead
It fell to the ground
A glass of cheap vodka tastes just like depression -
It hurts to be sober tonight.
Tracks of rain and light linger in
the spongy greens of a nature whose
a boy and girl walking home from school one day.
girl-so what are we doing tonight
Change is life, though he loves status quo
Unwilling perhaps yet he accepts to bow
Who will wed the Dowager’s youngest daughter,
The Captain? filled with ale?
It was Dunois, the young and brave, was bound for Palestine,
But first he made his orisons before Saint Mary's shrine:
The pages of the years
Are crying of the same;
the moon who wrote by candle light,
he whispered low his love, to whom he adored-
MY Love dwelt in a Northern land.
A gray tower in a forest green
When you are seventeen you aren't really serious.
- One fine evening, you've had enough of beer and lemonade,
the bud firmly holds
the ecstasy of the kiss,
Of old, on her terrace at evening
...not here...in some long-gone kingdom
To clasp you now and feel your head close-pressed,
Scented and warm against my beating breast;
Romance, who loves to nod and sing,
With drowsy head and folded wing,
We talk forever day and night
Embrace in the insipid moonlight
Yo me estava reposando,
durmiendo como solía.
I WILL make you brooches and toys for your delight
Of bird-song at morning and star-shine at night.
Romance the charming wine of love
Emollient lubricant of heart
'Talk of pluck!' pursued the Sailor,
Set at euchre on his elbow,
ROMANCE POINT [2]
esspeecee. …11.10.08.
ROMANCE POINT [3]
esspeecee … [12.10.08]
Tipped toe-ly
Dusk droops,
ROMANCE POINT [5]
esspeecee …11.06.09.
Green, how I want you green.
Green wind. Green branches.
The era of romance, its beginning.
Dice used by the players was startling
Touch of rain drops makes me giggle.
like a lover, it tickle.
Unlike lingerie that’s strictly for fantasy,
Look beneath at the Secrets.
I'm hopelessly in love, every much a part of you.
I'm hopeless in love, very much apart from you.
1903
I watch you as coldly as never,
'On the east coast, towards Tunis, the Moors still preserve the key of their ancestors' houses in Spain; to which country they still express the hopes of one day returning and again planting the crescent on the ancient walls of the Alhambra.'
—Scott's
You rule the kingdom of hopes & dreams
with your tales of romance you carefully weave
I'LL tell you a story ; but pass the 'jack',
And let us make merry to-night, my men.
There was a young patrolman who
Had large but tender feet;
The pleasing sweets of spring and summer past,
The falling leaf flies in the sultry blast,
The river else doesn’t wholly reign,
But pale-blue ice is drowned now;
Parent of golden dreams, Romance!
Auspicious Queen of childish joys,
Thy face is far from this our war,
Our call and counter-cry,
A sapling in a severe drought
what she needs is moisture to survive?
Yesterday afternoon, while I was walking on Worth Street,
A gust of wind blew my hat off.
A letter to his love:
Meet me tonight by the water of dreams
She said that one day she might come back
But this is how it's been for years
She wears a black bar over her eyes so you don't have to see her
Or at least she believes so if she can't see you
Huge amount of intensity,
Physically, emotionally and personally,
‘ROMANCE POINT’ [1]
esspeecee … [06.10.08.]
Fun of passionate enjoyment of romantic pleasure between
Two beautifully attractive souls is a great fortune for
And where is that poem I sensed in sleep?
It may be caught within a swirling wind and
Dreams and imaginations foster romantic mood
Influenced and inspired by beauty of Nature.
I'd like to write a romantic comedy
in four acts like Will Shakespeare did
Sky lamp glints on us
An amorous dusk it was
A romantic
Evening
He holds a heart full of romance,
He does not want to miss any chance,
Sentimental, emotional, great characters love romantic life;
Passionate, engaged and attached they like to live long life;
Romantic guys
Live according to Nature
A romantic man
Took his
You come in and sit down while looking around
I tell you don’t be afraid just relax for this is your night
Shall I just stand and let the eyes drink,
The wine in the petals is shocking pink,
A romantic song I dedicate,
To you from my heart's gate,
A Romantic (Translated)
You can see the house, or what was
On such a cloudy day why you are far away?
Lightning is writing in sky what I want to say
A pre marriage courtship is a lovely adventure,
Being attracted to beauty, playing hides and seeks,
Hostel farewell party on the last day of college
All felt much for departing once and for all sure
The whole world is just
One romantic dramatic comedy
For love…
I will do anything and everything
I sat down to write
a romantic poem
Why you are searching me
among the lillies
After I
Ruminate,
she is still a romantic
will love with loyalty
I'm lost everytime I look into those eyes.
And yet you never let me peer through your disguise.
She has attained the permanence
She dreamed of, where old stones lie sunning.
Good imagery in SILENCE
SILENTLY! ! ! ! ! ! !
dry sticks in the wind,
how have they made this from your music?
Ain't givin'
Up on you
The romantic one is the rarest one
And he is just not like the other folks
I get a bit,
Romantic.
Rizvi who used to teach English
And had been the Principal of
Iftikhar Hussain Rizvi is one of those Indian English poets
Of the seventies
Born and dead on Avon the same date,23rd April
Romantic playwright Shakespeare none can ignore!
we could and should write a book about elite family photo fashion albums
it is worth a review those with a gypsy spirit will flush rules down the loo
She said:
'In defense of Love I have only Faith and Necessity to offer;
I’ve written this poem to impress you.
Will you give your heart in exchange for a poem?
Poetess is very happy today and in romantic mood
For her love is the only passion and food
On doggerel rime dedicated to you, catch my soul in narcotic romance,
In rash I'll be disjointed; in a flash,  my spirit gratifies in hypnotic trance;
Little romantic
I am hasmukh* by name
It is a feeling which cannot be explained,
When your mind stops working and your heart is over-strained.
In a moment it makes me romantic
Remove all sadness and show to be fantastic
My heart loves you
My soul loves you
My wife says I'm not romantic,
I don't suppose I am
Lovers love
to smile and dance
And this reft house is that the which he built,
Lamented Jack ! And here his malt he pil'd,
After a long time
I have taken my diary
People are romantic
Friday,15th June 2018
THERE’S a rare Soul of Poesy which may be
But concentrated by the chastened dreams
We become sentimental
And go on the dark side of moral
Candle lights, a bed of petals
A sprinkle of roses
You're eyes are blue,
The Sky is too,
All dreams of all people are not the same in world life;
Beautiful and best dreams of heart never die very soon;
In a candle lit room
with an open fires glow,
How deep romantic feeling,
Our lives can often change,
She
your dream girl is sexy
Your breath
Easy as a sleeping sea
Romantic heroine,
In the absence of her,
You told me once
My care is amazing
Romance is full of challenges to deal with;
Romantic hero and heroine take them well!
Love is not of minds alone;
Love is not of hearts that yearn;
Love the heart of all romance,
Must be of the sacred, laughing brook,
Romance is a must for most young hearts
Gestures of love broken in tiny parts
You and me, we both look like a fire
Every time we look into each other's eyes, the flame goes higher and  higher
inhale a moment
hold it and it holds your breath
The opportunity to love is common to all
Adults, the able-bodied, the infirm and children
The most exciting moments,
The ones the heart loves best,
Poets are of romantic nature
They see beautiful colors of future
He told me
To be
Romantic,
Romantic,
ROMANTIC POET AND MEMORY OF MAGIC REALISM
life still fact of dream small village
Romantic poet
Sunday, January 14,2018
with casual gesture is raising
the goblet overfilled
A winsome youth, whose visage bore
A galaxy of pimples on the forehead,
Melancholy heart wavers
Like a sinking ship
Romantic Rose,
Rose of love!
She said, You have to get me out of here.
Grabbing me close to whisper in my ear.
I love writing
With emotional fighting
You are my whole on my trip,
I love to travel on your ship.
essence and colors of twilight
ceased my heart,
You've got me on a tightrope and trembling too!
This is not...
Roses are red,
Violets are blue,
Russian poets are not romantic.
Because nights here are very cold.
That day, God sent her to me
Just for 30 minutes, it is momentary.
★Sour, Sweet, Bitter Are Romantic Love.
☆Luo Zhihai Lyrics & Translation
NICE ONE... ALL IN A PARK
we have a PARK*
Do you know who started
Buy two one for free
Sun who can make nine planets happy
was honored  with the smallest and most far  Pluto
My heart overflows
With sweet romantic feelings
The romantic hut
Sights holding
When I was young
Bloody hot-blooded
Whisper some Shakespeare in my ear.
Maybe a scene from A Midsummer Night's Dream.
There comes a time in everybody's life
When one keeps floating and flowing
This one is entering her teens,
Ripe for sentimental scenes,
The romantic,
How to get myself popular,
'Silly girl, listen!'
But she doesn't listen
To Robert Penn Warren
You hold your eager head
I have looked at them long,
My eyes blur; sourceless light
With a romantic heart I love you
With a knowing soul sincerely care
Midnight
peace doth abide
And surgeons disagreed with each other
Dr / Hussam: excise all the tumors
A Black Rose,
Glistening in the rain,
Act IV, scene iii
A cypress-bough and a rose-wreath sweet,
O Rose! who dares to name thee?
No longer roseate now, nor soft, nor sweet;
It was a little budding rose,
Round like a fairy globe,
O my Luve's like a red, red rose
That's newly sprung in June;
I'm a disgrace to the life
I lived as a girl—
A rose is a rose every day, every night
You too are the same, except different in my sight
A Rose is a Rose is a Rose
A Rose will I give to you,
Sir, can you answer
This question I pose.....
hold the camera
as the rose's petals
A rose is not designed for heroes
Neither for hardened fellows
Until tonight they were separate specialties,
different stories, the best of their own worst.
THE red rose whispers of passion,
And the white rose breathes of love;
My little daughter is a tea-rose,
Satin to the touch,
You look like a black rose
in full bloom.
Consider
a girl who keeps slipping off,
Drift upon the breeze
like gentle whispers heard in the wind.
He
Fill your bowl with roses: the bowl, too, have of crystal.
I want more lives in which to love
This world so full of beauty,
Despite the open window in the room of long absence, the odor of the rose is still linked with the
breath that was there. Once again we are without previous experience, newcomers, in love. The
Caress
Wisdom’s
Go, lovely rose!
Tell her that wastes her time and me
Herself a rose, who bore the Rose,
She bore the Rose and felt its thorn.
I rose up at the dawn of day--
`Get thee away! get thee away!
616
I rose—because He sank—
179
If I could bribe them by a Rose
I’ll tell you how the sun rose, -
A ribbon at a time.
La tombe dit à la rose :
- Des pleurs dont l'aube t'arrose
If I were a rose and you were a leaf,
the thorns would not grow upon my tree.
If I were gusty April now,
How I would blow at laughing Rose;
A flower was offered to me,
Such a flower as May never bore;
No rose that in a garden ever grew,
In Homer's or in Omar's or in mine,
35
Nobody knows this little Rose—
O gather me the rose, the rose,
While yet in flower we find it,
LESTENYT, lordynges, both elde and yinge,
How this rose began to sprynge;
Lestenyt, lordynges, both elde and yinge,
How this rose began to sprynge;
194
On this long storm the Rainbow rose—
A single flow'r he sent me, since we met.
All tenderly his messenger he chose;
A rose made of blood
where the thorn cruelly cuts me
Ah, what avails the sceptred race!
Ah, what the form divine!
Rose-cheek'd Laura, come,
Sing thou smoothly with thy beauty's
Oh haste while roses bloom below,
Oh haste while pale and bright above
When they shall close my careless eyes
And look their last upon my face,
Sweet water-moons, blown into lights
Of flying gold on pool and creek,
I. -- Red.
Would that my songs might be
1.
Rose of beauty and fine appearance
A saturated meadow,
Sun-shaped and jewel-small,
Rose, harsh rose,
marred and with stint of petals,
732
She rose to His Requirement—dropt
F Zeus chose us a King of the flowers in his mirth,
He would call to the rose, and would royally crown it;
XXXII
The first time that the sun rose on thine oath
No rose that in a garden ever grew,
In Homer's or in Omar's or in mine,
SWEET PICTURE of Life's chequer'd hour!
Ah, wherefore droop thy blushing head?
You’re really  fearless and want to hunt
You’re really want to make us to teach
Has summer come without the rose,
Or left the bird behind?
THE angler rose, he took his rod,
He kneeled and made his prayers to God.
The Rose was sick, and smiling died;
And, being to be sanctified,
The Grave said to the Rose,
"What of the dews of dawn,
That strain again? It seems to tell
Of something like a joy departed;
The last rose of summer lingers of a soft fragrance
as the days of summer fade into days only remembered
'O WHICH is the last rose?'
A blossom of no name.
The meaning of just one red rose
It's plain for all to see
ALL things uncomely and broken, all things worn out and old,
The cry of a child by the roadway, the creak of a lumbering cart,
If you have seen a richer glow,
Pray, tell me where your roses blow!
The red rose wept for long
Upon the autumn sad song
You offer me a red rose
The little prince loved her
IF I were a bee and you were a rose,
Would you let me in when the gray wind blows?
Out of the seething cauldron of my woes,
Where sweets and salt and bitterness I flung;
The rose is a rose,
And was always a rose.
O flower at my window
Why blossom you so fair,
O lesson well and wisely taught
Stay with me to the last,
All things uncomely and broken,
All things worn-out and old,
ROSE of all Roses, Rose of all the World!
The tall thought-woven sails, that flap unfurled
The moon is now an opening flower,
The sky a cliff of blue.
IF Michael, leader of God's host
When Heaven and Hell are met,
WHO dreamed that beauty passes like a dream?
For these red lips, with all their mournful pride,
The Rose was given to man for this:
He, sudden seeing it in later years,
See, Mignonne, hath not the Rose,
That this morning did unclose
I.
Sweet serene skye-like Flower,
Beneath my chamber window
Pierrot was singing, singing;
A ROSE, as fair as ever saw the North,
Grew in a little garden all alone;
Did you hear about the rose that grew from a crack in the concrete?
Proving nature's law is wrong it learned to walk with out having feet.
'O WORDS are lightly spoken,'
Said Pearse to Connolly,
FAR-OFF, most secret, and inviolate Rose,
Enfold me in my hour of hours; where those
To sighs of morning air, that froze,-
(With her lips opened for a say),
O Rose, thou art sick!
The invisible worm
The wide Pacific waters
And the Atlantic meet.
The white rose and the red rose,
So sisters two were named, yes, named.
From the depths of the green garden-closes
Where the summer in darkness dozes
This rose - red, scented, rich, without price  –
is it speaking to me?
Tis the last rose of summer
Left blooming alone;
When I laid aside the verses of Mimnermus,
I lived a life of canned heat and raw hands,
I.
Sweet serene skye-like flower,
Go, happy Rose, and interwove
With other flowers, bind my Love.
Red Rose, proud Rose, sad Rose of all my days!
Come near me, while I sing the ancient ways:
I asked my heart to say
Some word whose worth my love's devoir might pay
After the movie, when the lights come up,
He takes her powdered hand behind the wings;
A rose can say I love you and want you to be mine,
A rose can say I thank you for being so very kind,
When the rose is faded,
Memory may still dwell on
We could not have counted on it,
those days when we were children young in years
Here comes another year
While the old one goes by
It’s  been  twelve  years  in  this  school
And  memories  reign  in  my  heart.
Oh no I’m late for school
The alarm woke me up late in the morn
Where are you, boys and girls
of Miss Lindahl's 5th grade class?
I remember my first days at school
How the building seemed so big
I remember in the fifties, I stayed for my school dinners
At six sided tables, with six chairs to match
You’re a funny one aren’t you.
A mustachioed cowboy,
Seeds expelled to wander the desert air
Finding refuge in burial soil of a promised land.
School Is Not So Cool
School, School, School,
Prelude to "Stalky & Co."
"Let us now praise famous men"--
I come, ye little noisy Crew,
Not long your pastime to prevent;
When will the bell ring, and end this weariness?
How long have they tugged the leash, and strained apart
I walk through life,
Day-by-day.
I WALK through the long schoolroom questioning;
A kind old nun in a white hood replies;
I found an old country Cowboy Valentine
that was made so very long ago.
at the School of Sternness
there's a class on 'How to Frown'
Black holes or big bang
Gravitational forces
On this rolling planet ever have you seen
A home so like a palace waiting for its queen? --
I’ll nettle you from behind
I’ll striddle you from the side
Our evergreen school days
will not come back again
A millionbillionwillion miles from home
Waiting for the bell to go. (To go where?)
first day at school
the first real five  hours
I am as invisible as the wind...
no one knows me but they know i'm around...
early in the morning,
school is calling,
The boat ploughed on. Now Alcatraz was past
And all the grey waves flamed to red again
Going to a new school somewhere I never went,
This couldn't happen to me, this I never even dreamt
Did you see them pass to-day, Billy, Kate and Robin,
All astride upon the back of old grey Dobbin?
first day at school
the other children look into me
The Dutch are pleasant
too bad that those pretenders
The Freshman girl, oh, so shy,
Sits and watches the Sophomore guy,
theres a name thats lost
Maybe someone I never met
She was a high school slinger
Six times winner. She's the
I am a young school boy,
With a white shirt and black tie,
I don't want to go into school today; Mum,
I don't feel like school work today.
I sent my child to school today
With his little lunch box
Still sits the school-house by the road,
A ragged beggar sleeping;
in school,
when  i  saw  you
Being a translation of the song that was made by a Mohammedan schoolmaster of Bengal Infantry (some time on service at Suakim) when he heard that Kitchener was taking money from the English to build a Madrissa for Hubshees -- or a college for the Sudanese.
Oh Hubshee, carry your shoes in your hand and bow your head on your breast!
It's the final day as we all take photographs and say goodbye; a thought goes through my mind.
I may never see any of you again. I don't want to let go of the many memories we have made.
'And has the Sun his flaming chariot driven
Two hundred times around the ring of heaven,
He made a line on the blackboard,
one bold stroke from right to left
Oh, it came so fast like a speedy train,
in the month of heavy rain,
More than half a century ago,
the Monsoon showers had just brought relief from the sweltering summer,
It was expected to belong.
A boy who has his sights
I was caught by the principal,
'Hey! What are you doing here?
O the pressures of school
It is so heavy I feel like a mule
and for a fleeting moment
when viewing each picture
I guess we all have old memories
Way back when we were in school
AN old man's thought of School;
An old man, gathering youthful memories and blooms, that youth itself
She caught the school bus
every day,
You go to school
everyday
He never went to school
But he was no fool
Starting with when i was a kid
when i was not so big
School, School, School,
A school is not so cool
School  we need it
school, friends
School,
Some things you like, Some you hate.
School, it is stressing at times.
Many times I don't even have it on my mind.
My poetic side
At full force
Why do we go to school?
We have to learn
The room is cold-
I see the sun shine bright outside
School can be fun...school can be boring
school can bring friends...school can bring enemies
School is fun,
School is great,
Before, Vick became my name
Before, Sad thoughts set in
School what can i say
School im there like all day
love school very much
! Good child.
school
school is the best
waking up for school,
getting to school going to school,
one day it was my big day all packed up
but the on dear then i say my worst sight ever
O academic muse that hast for long
Charmed all the world with thy disciples’ song,
Every school has a name but
school is so lame
Some of your classes might be boring,
But don’t you dare get caught snoring.
My teacher asks me to study
Get up early every morning
end of summer
school bell rings-
I
My child and I hold hands on the way to school,
First day we stepped into a school was great-
In uniform with school-bag, looking cute!
Stay in school, don't be a fool
A dropout gets left out
You know that if there was one thing,
That you could take from school,
Up at my school
everyone is different
School Days
Crazy, boring
When storm-clouds rumble in the sky and June showers come down.
The moist east wind comes marching over the heath to blow its
It  now is time.
I'll have to tell the world.
Those school days, when I was a student
Remembering my days with my wonderful teachers
O what a joyous joyous day
Is that on which we come
When our semi-conductor
Raised his baton, we sat there
See the flying French depart
Like the bees of Bonaparte,
It was built of bark and poles, and the floor was full of holes
Where each leak in rainy weather made a pool;
The old school gate still stands here though
The school has long since gone,
In old school house yard at Ruby a dark brown shorthorn cow
And leghorn pullets cackling beneath the cypress bough
In a wild moraine of forgotten books,
On the glacier of years gone by,
--Was it for this
That one, the fairest of all Rivers, lov'd
.  Thus far, O Friend! have we, though leaving much
Unvisited, endeavour'd to retrace
Auditæ voces, vagitus et ingens,Infantunque animæ flentes in limine primo. Virg.ADVERTISEMENT
What particulars in Spenser were imagined most proper for the author's imitationon this occasion, are his language, his simplicity, his manner of description,and a peculiar tenderness of sentiment remarkable throughout his works.
Executioner happy to explain
How his wristwatch works
It was a remote village,
A school teacher single,
When you were born it was an instant love affair
I rocked you, swaddled you, sang to you,
If only you knew how much i love you
if only you cared that i was alive
This is it everything that you have gone through is now memories.
All of your happy and sad times in high school have now faded.
This is it everything that you have gone through us now memories.
All of your happy and sad times in high school have now faded.
Yes it's still situated in the same place.
And it's very hard to find.
To Ernest Brace
"And when the seven thunders had uttered their voices, I was
There are certain things - as, a spider, a ghost,
The income-tax, gout, an umbrella for three -
By Sidney and Clifford Lanier.
O wish that's vainer than the plash
We walked beside the sea,
After a day which perished silently
(For one of his own pictures)
Her lute hangs shadowed in the apple-tree,
A pathetic tale of the sea I will unfold,
Enough to make one's blood run cold;
Across the sea, along the shore,
In numbers more and ever more,
AFTER the Sea-Ship--after the whistling winds;
After the white-gray sails, taut to their spars and ropes,
Alone i lay on a wooden raft
Alone i stay in the dark
Ye sons of Mars, come list to me,
And I will relate to ye
825
An Hour is a Sea
695
As if the Sea should part
When the investing darkness growls,
And deep reverberates to deep;
As night hath stars, more rare than ships
In ocean, faint from pole to pole,
'Farewell and adieu' was the burden prevailing
Long since in the chant of a home-faring crew;
When I was down beside the sea
A wooden spade they gave to me
Beyond the sea, beyond the sea,
My heart is gone, far, far from me;
Why does the sea moan evermore?
Shut out from heaven it makes its moan,
I started early, took my dog,
And visited the sea;
Beside an ebbing northern sea
While stars awaken one by one,
SILENCE deep rules o'er the waters,
Calmly slumb'ring lies the main,
My father and mother, two tiny figures,
side by side, facing the clouds that move
Come o'er the sea,
Maiden with me,
O HAPPY dames! that may embrace
The fruit of your delight,
A man came slowly from the setting sun,
To Emer, raddling raiment in her dun,
'Twas a fearful night -- the tempest raved
With loud and wrathful pride,
The pulsing sound
of moving sea;
Science, that simple saint, cannot be bothered
Figuring what anything is for:
FAIR Isle at Sea - thy lovely name
Soft in my ear like music came.
(After Valery)
This hushed surface where the doves parade
All beauty calls you to me, and you seem,
Past twice a thousand miles of shifting sea,
Nobly, nobly Cape Saint Vincent to the North-west died away;
Sunset ran, one glorious blood-red, reeking into Cadiz Bay;
How tuneful is the voice of sea,
What true accord in ocean's murmur,
I have loved hours at sea, gray cities,
The fragile secret of a flower,
IN cabin'd ships, at sea,
The boundless blue on every side expanding,
In the sea caves
there's a thirst there's a love
SWIFT o'er the bounding deep the VESSEL glides,
Its streamers flutt'ring in the summer gales,
Fair is the castle up on the hill--
Hushaby, sweet my own!
Out of the delicate dream of the distance an emerald emerges
Veiled in the violet folds of the air of the sea;
You are the moon, dear love, and I the sea:
The tide of hope swells high within my breast,
Let me stop here. Let me, too, look at nature awhile.
The brilliant blue of the morning sea, of the cloudless sky,
Oh Sea, why do you deliberately pound the rocks along the bay,
Sending showers of white foam up, in a cascade of spray,
We passed each other, turned and stopped for half an hour, then went our way,
I who make other women smile did not make you--
It keeps eternal whisperings around
Desolate shores, and with its mighty swell
OR, from that Sea of Time,
Spray, blown by the wind--a double winrow-drift of weeds and shells;
Over the sea our galleys went,
With cleaving prows in order brave,
Under the light of the silver moon
We two sat, when our hearts were young;
You are the ocean, endless
I am but a tiny grain of sand
White caped waves
In the curl of the sea
The flesh is sad, Alas! and I have read all the books.
Let’s go! Far off. Let’s go! I sense
How still,
How strangely still
A city clerk, but gently born and bred;
His wife, an unknown artist's orphan child-
it was right after your sister's fiancée
died.  i drove to your house in
A thousand miles beyond this sun-steeped wall
Somewhere the waves creep cool along the sand,
Tide be runnin' the great world over:
'Twas only last June month I mind that we
The old moon is tarnished
With smoke of the flood,
Amber husk
fluted with gold,
Rose, harsh rose,
marred and with stint of petals,
OUT of the cradle endlessly rocking,
Out of the mocking-bird's throat, the musical shuttle,
On up the sea slant,
On up the horizon,
A gallant city has been builded far
In the pied heaven,
The sea-wash never ends.
The sea-wash repeats, repeats.
There dwells a wife by the Northern Gate,
And a wealthy wife is she;
(Capri, Piccola Marina)
Timeless sea breezes,
When the sun sets over the long blue wave
I spring from my couch of rest,
Since brass, nor stone, nor earth, nor boundless sea,
But sad mortality o'ersways their power,
You are the daughter of the sea, oregano's first cousin.
Swimmer, your body is pure as the water;
The sea awoke at midnight from its sleep,
And round the pebbly beaches far and wide
It is a matter of a black cat
On a bare cliff top in March
I
To none the city bends a servile knee;
Lo! Death has reared himself a throne
In a strange city lying alone
The dead child lay in the shroud,
And the widow watched beside;
The earth grows white with harvest; all day long
The sickles gleam, until the darkness weaves
Whilst the moon decks herself in Neptune's glass
And ponders over her image in the sea,
From my window I can see,
Where the sandhills dip,
Who hath desired the Sea? -- the sight of salt water unbounded --
The heave and the halt and the hurl and the crash of the comber wind-hounded?
You will not tame this sea
either by humility or rapture.
On ear and ear two noises too old to end
Trench—right, the tide that ramps against the shore;
HE crawls to the cliff and plays on a brink
Where every eye but his own would shrink;
Where are your monuments, your battles, martyrs?
Where is your tribal memory? Sirs,
THE SEA! the sea! the open sea!
The blue, the fresh, the ever free!
Who lay against the sea, and fled,
Who lightly loved the wave,
There are certain things -a spider, a ghost,
The income-tax, gout, an umbrella for three -
I smile o'er the wrinkled blue­
Lo! the sea is fair,
The sea, my mother, is singing to me,
She is singing the old refrain,
Lo, I have loved thee long, long have I yearned and entreated!
Tell me how I may win thee, tell me how I must woo.
The sea took pity: it interposed with doom:
‘I have tall daughters dear that heed my hand:
There dwells a wife by the Northern Gate,
And a wealthy wife is she;
Shades of green and aqua blue
The sea painted a thousand hues
The sea awoke at midnight from its sleep,
And round the pebbly beaches far and wide
These sea slugs,
they just don't seem
Friend of my chamber--O thou spiral shell
That murmurest of the ever-murmuring sea!
When in the large compartment,
Everyone was seated.
SHALL I thus ever long, and be no whit the neare?
And shall I still complain to thee, the which me will not hear?
"What says the sea, little shell?
What says the sea?
With ships the sea was sprinkled far and nigh,
Like stars in heaven, and joyously it showed;
WITH ships the sea was sprinkled far and nigh,
Like stars in heaven, and joyously it showed;
The sea is never still.
It pounds on the shore
Candlelight. Always candlelight
We smile at the delicate eccentricity of our Friday folly
It's very hard to pronounce and the prince's name is Legerdemain.
His patchy wallet contains a picture of Madonna and full of rubbish.
Only an ugly silver bullet                                               Can kill a pretty soul because                                         The other nasty bullets don't kill,                                       Only a silver bullet can perish                                            An innocent soul somewhere on earth,                                     Only a superstitious silver bullet                                          Can turn a sweet soul into a deadly one,                                 Only a bitter death comes with the silver                                 Bullet anytime, anywhere, and everywhere,                                 All other bullets are rusty and fake except                               The silver one which kills immediately an                                  Innocent refugee or an innocent soul somewhere, and                      In a word, a nasty silver bullet can turn the                                Good soul into a dead soul immediately anywhere.The milk has the hidden butter,
And this is a known factor,
the silver platter is what your family gives you
your father makes it and you mother polishes it
She'd sent me stars, two handfuls in that myst'ry package.
And when I opened  to unpack they came like swarms
for my  former housemates who are now in their chosen fields,
ka roland barce, michael, gary, ka noel plaza, ka jerry ablon, ka joel salas, ka elmer balatayo.ka dongdong falcon, ka reverend romulo villanon, ka jun batto amd bonsing (deceased)
An everywhere of silver,
With ropes of sand
884
As Everywhere of Silver
I am standing in the cemetery at Byrds, Texas.
What did Judy say? 'God-forsaken is beautiful, too.'
Margaret Daalman,52, a woman that is Dutch,
Margaret, outside her insatiable appetite, she didn't complain to much.
Those were the days of toil, turmoil;
Those were the years of learning joy;
If the days are long and dark is the night, it is not worth crying
For, Every Cloud has a Silver Lining
There is darkness all around,
It’s only silence no sound,
The new trend is misery
The new look, reeks of despair...
You met me
and I had given up.
Sail on silver waves,
Reflecting purest of thoughts
I heard youth's silver clarion call to Fate,
And looking forth beheld his flower-fair face,
It leaves behind
Impression so kind
In time of silver rain
The earth puts forth new life again,
When thou dost eat from off this plate,
I charge thee be thou temperate;
My hair is laced with silver now
For time has seized my youth
I am a Phantom of the opera
My breeze it unties the air
If I were a nickel
Then I would like to be a dime
Mother's hair has turned to silver
Her skin is all wrinkled and cold
Just look at that sweet thang
wearing that tight silver wrap!
Parliamentary democracy is shield to cheat
With smile on face when they collectively meet
Not in a silver casket cool with pearls
Or rich with red corundum or with blue,
THE dark hour turns so slowly and so sweet,
The last still hour soft-fallen from the stars.
The look in your eyes, often tries
And succeeds in showing
Somewhere over the rainbow
beyond the naked eye. There's
The well is full
but it not  overflows
A quarter century has gone,
Since we had become medicos!
Smile spread across features
As love traces a pathway
Silence adrift with golden sunset.
Fallen shadows cast upon mankind.
Silver coins piled on the table
just enough to get him through
Silver Cup!
In the land of your muse;
When you fall in love with love
your heart and soul will tell you true,
gold gold is the fever metal
for the love of gold shining in their eyes
I closed the door to my heart
threw the silver little key
Silver Kisses of Moonlight
Chase The Shadows From Your Face
Across the silver lake of dreams,
a malevolent pixie sits,
In the dark
Dark clouds and tides
Nothing should be remembered
If that was not offered
Sky was studded with dark clouds,
Rushing all over with big sounds,
They say every cloud
has a silver lining
Master Cat's
slimy
Silver mid- night moon
At the window with som- spoon
Shimmering orb of mystic light
Flowing energy into me
My Lady comes to me in lucid dreams
Just as the mantle clock chimes midnight
A man was crucified. He came to the city a stranger,
was accused, and nailed to a cross. He lingered hanging.
I cannot think anymore, as happy as if’
I were with a woman, in the banking of the
Silver is silver in colour.Slowly, silently, now the moon
Walks the night in her silver shoon;
Silver things are pretty things
they fill us with such delight.
Forty words:
We have seen the rapeseed yellow
managers producers
editors slicing waste scenes
The Buddha
Illuminated
The goddess of white silver
On long slabs of stones
Layers and layers
Silk slipping
Make and remake
Heart lines
Thus that contemplation
Led
From the large eye
The sun through rays
Stylized
Draped and dressed
Reflection in black and white
Across the wall
Legs on the bare wall
Dreaming hard long
Within the silver shadows
are locked our golden dreams
Sometimes when the night is falling.
I can hear them softly calling.
A night I will commit
A most ungodly thing
I bought a pair of silver sneakers
So I could run on God's golden road.
Silver spoon, or no food on the spoon,
Well to do, or merciless goon?
Moonlight shatters
The crystals disperse
Everywhere you go
and no matter what you do,
My silver tongued harlot,
Lie your lieing tongue upon mine,
Sometimes our destiny
rides the silver trail to nowhere,
Silver Wedding
The party is over and I sit among
DO you know how the dream looms? how if summer misses one of us the two of us miss summer-
Summer when the lungs of the earth take a long breath for the change to low contralto singing mornings when the green corn leaves first break through the black loam-
I ofetn ly awake and wonder
while outside the stars are shining
As from the darkening gloom a silver dove
Upsoars, and darts into the eastern light,
You can say words that                                                     Can make people very happy and                                             You can say words that can make                                          Some people very upset,                                                What you say reflects your pretty                                         Thoughts or your ugly thoughts,                                         People judge you depending on what                                         You utter at a certain time,                                             If you say pretty words anytime, then                                       Your words are reflected in the mirror of life                             Otherwise all your words are nonsensical,                                 Words can win hearts and minds and at the                                  Same time can lead to bad things, so                                    What you utter reflects a pretty thing or                                       An ugly thing anytime and anywhere.Well,—it was two days after my husband died—
Two days!  And the earth still raw above him.
HOLY Lord Jesus, Thou wilt search till Thou find
This lost piece of silver,--this treasure enshrined
The moon in silver glory shone,
And not a cloud in sight;
They bade you softly,
They bade you so -
"Come, rest with me now, my silver horn!
My melodious joy, my silver horn!
To James First Bishop of Shrewsbury on the 25th Year of his Episcopate July 28. 1876
1
The nights have grown cool again, like the nights
Of early spring, and quiet again. Will
Tho' youth may boast the curls that flow,
In sunny waves of auburn glow;
The silver moon is set;
The Pleiades are gone;
These are twelve rose buds
in the bouquet
The silver rings that bind the hearts
I'd rather have one true love
The silver swan, who living had no note,
When death approach'd, unlock'd her silent throat;
Relating to the silver valley here is not my
cup of tea, I dont welcome the excess bagage
The spider holds a Silver Ball
In unperceived Hands--
The spider knits its silver web,
In hope to seize a falling star,
THIRTY PIECES OF SILVER
Those early Roman days, were not much
A glorious city spired gleams up there
With mountain ranges, silver peaks background
Colors, colors everywhere
Colors all around
He not only listens but pays
Complete attention with silver rays
Do we have any option?
To play the part in relation
She always likes to annoy me
And says I am very sweet
The ocean breeze with it's special aroma permeated the air.
I felt lonely, empty, my sister's ashes now flow there.
When we talked yesterday
your pain was so apparent
I'm glad I have a sister
and happy you're the one
A sister is your guardian angel if she's older,
and your constant shadow if she's younger.
I will always love you no matter what
There is just that bond that can't be cut
Go, go, my naughty girl, and kiss
Your little sister dear;
Abuse
He was little at the time,
You say he broke your heart and you can’t go on?
You cry all day and night until you think you’re going to drown?
The shorn moon trembling indistinct on her path,
Frail as a scar upon the pale blue sky,
"SISTER, sister, go to bed!
Go and rest your weary head."
men-
they like to see us smile
I went toa Catholic school named St. Florian High School.
The school was under the authority of the Felician Nuns.
You tell me that you need to know
how I truly feel
Sister is
Not only
Your radiant smile brought sunshine in my life
your thoughtfulness exceeded all expectations
5 half-moons rising
on the hand that strokes my hair
Sister
Do I dare to compare your love
Someone who will understand
Who knows the way I feel
I can no longer tell people that I have a little sister,
Now I must say that I have a younger sister,
Hold on to your sister
She is a part of you.
Hold on to your sister
She is a part of you.
Being schooled in Parochial Catholic Schools I find it hard to imagine,
The thought of that I had would be nude on FACEBOOK.
I’m ever so numb
So why cant you see
Every Morning,
When i open up my eyes
If you cry my sister,
I am always there to wipe out
it is a story,
i always wanted to tell,
My name is Olaf Dangelmaier
I am accused to be a liar,
As I listen to that guitar scream
Sounds ring out my destiny
Ba(ar) ck in Hamtramck, which a city surrounded by Detroit,
(Detroit was the place the Nation of Islam was formed) ,
Mr. Peter & my sister
This poem goes out to Mr. Peter
Today, while I sit in my rocking chair to rest
Reminiscing the time that I loved the best,
She’s lying on the bed, comatose
No familiar faces around, she could stare
I dedicate this poem to my sister.  who I love so much.
My Dear Sister
My father buried my sister today
My soul burns red with pain
Greatness of a person is not measured by riches
Real importance lies in what the heart truly wishes
My little sister is
always there when you need her.
I never met my only sister
Never saw her save in dreams.
MY PERFECT SISTER
My perfect sister holds me tight
I love my sister so dear to my heart,
I love my sister even if we are apart.
My sister please dont cry
My sister dry your eyes
My sister Laura's bigger than me
And lifts me up quite easily.
You're the best sister I could have asked for
I pray thanks to god, that he gave you to me
Today, I feel like I've spent all of my life wandering
Waiting for some kind of miracle, for someone or something,
My sister my sister,
Is not the best.
My sister holds me tight
My sister kisses me goodnight
Here, I sit full of gloom
All alone in my very own room
Memories shared -
Intense feelings of closeness -
My sister
She is my sister, not by blood
In Memory of Audrey (wherever she may be)
I remember my sister;
*Note*
I wrote this poem for my older sister Wendi. I worte it this year for her for Mother's Day. I love you sis! !
My sister always
is not
My sister: helicopter
rescue carrier
My sister says i hate her,
she does, she does!
She has a new sister who writes poetry
A poet I will never be
The anticipation grows each day
To see my little sister appear and say
Night is my sister, and how deep in love,
How drowned in love and weedily washed ashore,
On this thy natal day permit a friend -
A brother - with thy joys his own to blend:
14
One Sister have I in our house,
She was always  up early before sunrise
Prepared her teaching kit  and some provision
SISTER, awake! close not your eyes!
The day her light discloses,
Love
Touch life with the charm of soul
Cat stands at the fridge,
Cries loudly for milk.
Sister
Do I dare to compare your love
Sister, Friend, Why!
Sister, friend, you are so beautiful.
"Why did you melt your waxen man
Sister Helen?
Sister-in-law has got special position
All liberties but close relation out of question
WHEN Sister Jane, who had produced a child,
In prayer and penance all her hours beguiled
Sister, my sister
I wish you were I said too carelessly
Sister of mine, please know that I miss you,
As miles seperate us in life as we roam.
Sister, please hold my hand
As we journey through this land
Sister you are one of the nicest thing that i have,
and the best thing you can be,
Sister my dear sister I wish that I could see you everyday,
so you can tell me your not alone and heaven is okay,
She lived shut in by flowers and trees
And shade of gentle bigotries.
Sister, sister
save my soul
Sister Sister
My sister is funny
'When I received that love which is a face,
When I perceived that face which is a love,
God gave her beauteous body and long hair!
Intelligent, she prayed really hard;
Sweet sister dear
Remember those years
Thank you sister
for being there for me
I wish there were words I can say
what I feel from day to day
As I think about it more and more each day,
It comes clearer to me.
Maternity Hospital
Our sister sayeth such and such,
The woman I call sister
will always be there
The woman I call sister
Is someone who is there
Sister, my sister
Why is it that you speak so loud?
Loving Sister: every line
Of your last letter was so fine
We will not like those men our offerings pay
Who crown the cup, then think they crown the day.
Im sorry for all the mean things I said
Im sorry for ever time I yelled at you.
To my sister on her wedding day
I am happy to say,
It is the first mild day of March:
Each minute sweeter than before
There is a wise lady
Who inspires my life.
On a stormy night in winter,
When the winds blew cold and wet,
You are my sister
untill the very end
You got my sister pregnant and refused to take responsibility.
You told her it's her problem and now you have to deal with me.
To my sister Julia, who will do great things...
We never had planned this
The strong-girl of our home!
She did the hardest chores;
In the pitch darkness strange things can happen;
But unfortunately nowadays it happens in the daylight too.
A BOAT beneath a sunny sky,
Lingering onward dreamily
895
A Cloud withdrew from the Sky
We’ve been in the rain so long
That our eyes are sore and red;
The sunset was like a fire-sky
That truly lit up my world
A man saw a ball of gold in the sky;
He climbed for it,
Threesome was in tie-break from time to time.
You see a slight difference otherwise it's very hard to choose the beauteous.
As night comes to pass
over my home, my land,
No one can own a color; no one can own a cloud.
No one on Earth could ever, I'm glad it's not allowed!
Sky a precocious November-ed
Gray, laced with threads of cadet blue
Across the red sky two birds flying,
Flying with drooping wings.
I gaze over the horizon,
I know that Amber is beyond my sky,
awakening sky
touching new believes
Alone
we dance
Closing the car door behind me,
I walked through an intense sunset
Birdy, birdy in the sky
Why you do that in my eye
Black sails, against a midnight sky,
he buried his heart on an island.
Blue sky yesterday
Grey today
A second bathroom was built.
The roof had such a tilt.
Calm was the even, and clear was the sky,
And the new budding flowers did spring,
can you own the days and the sky?
can you own the days or do you count the days?
After the war,
and the forest burned down,
Deep sky - deep deep!
What lies out there?
It is scribbled along the body
Impossible even to say a word
As he is said nothing will be the same again
He would be proven to be right
Gazing into a starry night,
I see a deep indigo sky
Like fire in the sky it is
When the sun sets in the night
Im not so sure he loves me...
Im not so sure i do...
From sky to sky
I move to search
God's beautiful sky
you hold the earth in place
Glum is the sky, by night imprisoned,
As over it the dark clouds creep,
the moon
sits in the sky
autumn
scarlet sky
Moon was
Living in
Inky gear with million accessories
The - Wisps of clouds
I will give the sky to you
I will take the picture of the sky using a camera
The wind was kicking up from the Northwest
Storm clouds gathered to section off the Sun
The sky is crumbling into millions of paper dots
the wind blows in my face
Give to me one more kiss.
Impart your spirit on my memory.
Though there are miles between us,
Though the days and the nights may seem long,
Looking up to the sky at night,
Why are there no stars shining bright?
sun is dad
spreads love and cheer
The woman is a nut
She is an indehiscent hard-shelled
O DULL cold northern sky,
O brawling sabbath bells,
O sky, my blue sky-
O earth my green earth!
Oh fair enough are sky and plain,
But I know fairer far:
On this day of sky-blue bears
Running across quiet eyelashes,
I must confess that this is my first time
seeing the leaves change in fall.
When thunderstorms come out to play,
And lightning o'er this earth is seen,
I'd watched the sorrow of the evening sky,
And smelt the sea, and earth, and the warm clover,
Do you like the song?
I can't sing alone
I saw the cloud in the morning sky
So I turned to go back inside,
Three atoms of Oxygen,
That will make Ozone!
Cool air, September sky.
My vision bordered by trees,
My little nephew Kevin
is riding on the swing set
Sky and Cloud,
is like a kiss,
I look to the blue sky relaxing in silence
Its sun fed morning and evening showers
My hair is light sky blue,
and my eye's are deep brown.
Sky, blue sky
so blue and shy
In school it had been important to learn
the names of battleships, diseases, museums,
Bodies falling from the sky,
like drops of dreams,
Fishes parade
across the sky
Blue sky,
blue sky.
Sky Outside Sky
(Two Pairs of Couplets●Quatrain)
The sky holds no problems.
It just holds tears that join with my own.
It was 16 degrees below freezing today.
The sky was blue, bright and vast.
Have you observed the sky lately?
Plumes of tabacco grey,
Little little
Stars...
I opened a letter
But I couldn't read
The flower of the Alps told the seashell: "You're shining"
The seashell told the sea: "You echo"
Sky Star…., so far….., on a peaceful night….,
Blinking…, twinkling…, with a wondrous light…,
Clouds in the sky they are made out of love,
Nature is the artist magnificent;
sunlight bathes in the sky,
morning cleans the stagnant
632
The Brain—is wider than the Sky—
632
The Brain—is wider than the Sky—
Between me and the sunset, like a dome
Against the glory of a world on fire,
Let us go out and celebrate
Let us dance, sing
The sky is an immortal tent built by the Sons of Los:
And every space that a man views around his dwelling-place
It is as if white clouds have come to earth.
The sky is falling. Do you mind, my friend?
Some activity with an addicting done,
Had to purposely afflict them to accept...
The sky is low, the clouds are mean,
A travelling flake of snow
Here I lie,
Staring at the sky.
The sky is pink
The grass is blue
The sky of my sky is the same as yours
And like the dreams of my dreams shall go on
The Sky is like Whoa
The Sea is So Low
Black rolls the phantom chimney-smoke
Beneath the wintry moon;
Look up to the cloudy sky
I can see no stars tonight
The sun has burst the sky
Because I love you
There is another sky,
Ever serene and fair,
Up with me! up with me into the clouds!
For thy song, Lark, is strong;
To the stars in the sky
I must sing this song,
Soon I’ll be transported to the sky, to be with my Lord way up high.
I will be lifted up into the clouds, to join the many victorious crowds.
Let my soul, a shining tree,
Silver branches lift towards thee,
Pines against the sky,
Pluming the purple hill;
Sitting under the sunset sky
Laying around I wonder why
Walking in the sky,
A man in strange black garb
I reach for the end of day
orange, pink, lavender, gray
With how sad steps, O Moon, thou climb'st the sky,
"How silently, and with how wan a face!"
Under the gleaming stars above
For we love live and laughter
My eyes set their gaze across the horizon
The sun is setting in late fall afternoon
1
ଆକାଶରୁ ଆକାଶ
A long, long sleep, a famous sleep
That makes no show for dawn
All you who sleep tonight
Far from the ones you love,
Preparing for sleep
heedless of my clothing just
The lateral vibrations caress me,
They leap and caress me,
Bells overbrim with sound
And spread from cupolas
Rising to the surface
of morning altitude
Care-charming Sleep, thou easer of all woes,
Brother to Death, sweetly thyself dispose
the moon
seems very loud
In the sky there is nobody asleep. Nobody, nobody.
Nobody is asleep.
Come, Sleep! O Sleep, the certain knot of peace,
The baiting-place of wit, the balm of woe,
There’s a mirror likeness between those two
shining, youthfully-fledged figures, though
XLV
Care-charmer Sleep, son of the sable Night,
My lungs respond, but there's no air,
As I struggle to survive,
SISTER Simplicitie,
Sing, sing a song to me,
Has my heart gone to sleep?
Have the beehives of my dreams
The long day passes with its load of sorrow:
In slumber deep
Sweet, warm dark of night
pull me in and hold me tight.
Bitterly, England must thou grieve —
Though none of these poor men who died
HOW sleep the brave, who sink to rest
By all their country's wishes blest!
Teeth of flowers, hairnet of dew,
hands of herbs, you, perfect wet nurse,
I fellowed sleep who kissed me in the brain,
Let fall the tear of time; the sleeper's eye,
I sleep a lot and read St. Thomas Aquinas
Or The Death of God (that's a Protestant book).
Last night I wrestled with poetry
As if a lion wrestling with its prey
IN midnight sleep, of many a face of anguish,
Of the look at first of the mortally wounded--of that indescribable
Sleep, you ornery rascal,
why is it you elude me?
NOT drowsihood and dreams and mere idless,
Nor yet the blessedness of strength regained,
I see the Four-fold Man, The Humanity in deadly sleep
And its fallen Emanation, the Spectre and its cruel Shadow.
Her happy world
A lovely mould
Let the night sleep
Sleep for ever deep
Lie still, sleep becalmed, sufferer with the wound
In the throat, burning and turning. All night afloat
I cannot sleep—my nights glide on
In one unbroken thought of thee;
Love and Sleep
Lying asleep between the strokes of night
I have laid sorrow to sleep;
Love sleeps.
There was a time when in your face
There dwelt such power, and in your smile
When the night comes then your voice calm down
When the moon begin to sail in the sky
She fell asleep on Christmas Eve:
At length the long-ungranted shade
Not to sleep all the night long, for pure joy,
Counting no sheep and careless of chimes
O sleep, my babe, hear not the rippling wave,
Nor feel the breeze that round thee ling'ring strays
Gentle divinity, how have I merited?
Whither, unfortunate wretch, have I strayed,
On this my pensive pillow, gentle Sleep!
Descend, in all thy downy plumage drest:
Only in sleep I see their faces,
Children I played with when I was a child,
Ere on my bed my limbs I lay,
It hath not been my use to pray
Sleep baby sleep
May I sing a lullaby.
Sleep, darling
I have a small
Sleep flies me like a lover
Too eagerly pursued,
13
Sleep is supposed to be
Sleep my love, sleep.
Rest your head on my breasts
I watch you, as you sleep,
the glow, a rosy hue
Sleep now, O sleep now,
O you unquiet heart!
Sleep oh blessed sleep,
the place where I can dream,
Fear no unlicensed entry,
Heed no bombastic talk,
You said the word that enamors
My hearing. You already forgot. Good.
Sleep, when a soul that her own clouds cover
Wails that sorrow should always keep
We brush the other, invisible moon.
Its caves come out and carry us inside.I
slowly the ponderous doors of lead imponderous
she was a short one
getting fat and she had once been
COME, Sleep, and with thy sweet deceiving
Lock me in delight awhile;
I bless the power of this charmed summer night,
I bless its magic and its mystery,
Do you give yourself to me utterly,
Body and no-body, flesh and no-flesh
Sleep, sleep,
Come my way.
Love-cradling Night, lit by the lucent moon,
Most pitiful and mother-hearted Night!
Sleep has not visited me the whole night,
Will the dawn ever come?
In the night of weariness
let me give myself up to sleep without struggle,
There was a man who didn't know how to sleep; nodding
off every night into a drab, unprofessional sleep. Sleep that
Come Sleep; O Sleep! the certain knot of peace,
The baiting-place of wit, the balm of woe,
When to oft sleep we give ourselves away,
And in a dream as in a fairy bark
sleep
even  sleep
Sleep! sleep! beauty bright,
Dreaming o'er the joys of night;
Sleep, sleep, my sweet  one sleep
Let the film of Morpheus come
Sleep, sleep, sleep
And keep
SLEEP
Sleep, sleep, sleep
In the night there are of course the seven wonders
of the world and the greatness tragedy and enchantment.
Who stole sleep from baby's eyes? I must know.
Clasping her pitcher to her waist mother went to fetch water
Markov took off his boots and, with a deep breath, lay down on the divan.
He felt sleepy but, as soon as he closed his eyes, the desire for sleep immediately passed. Markov opened his eyes and stretched out his hand for a book. But sleep again came over him and, not even reaching the book, Markov lay down and once more closed his eyes. But, the moment his eyes closed, sleepiness left him again and his consciousness became so clear that Markov could solve in his head algebraical problems involving equations with two unknown quantities.
When the Sun shines brightly
Don't stay in the cricket field.
Time to rest our eyes
We visit imagination
Oh! go to sleep, my baby dear,
And I will hold thee on my knee;
Happy in sleep, waking content to languish,
Embracing clouds by night; in daytime, mourn;
Come Sleep! O Sleep, the certain knot of peace,
The baiting-place of wit, the balm of woe,
All night the cocks crew, under a moon like day,
And I, in the cage of sleep, on a stranger's breast,
Over the edge of the purple down,
Where the single lamplight gleams,
When we have laid aside our last endeavour,
And said farewell to one or two that weep,
Ere on my bed my limbs I lay,
It hath not been my use to pray
Put the sweet thoughts from out thy mind,
The dreams from out thy breast;
It has been so long since I've watched you sleeping;
Watched the blue night descend on your body like a thick blanket.
When wilt thou wake, O Mother, wake and see -
As one who, held in trance, has laboured long
45
There's something quieter than sleep
I would like to sing someone to sleep,
have someone to sit by and be with.
To sleep
perchance to...snore!
O SOFT embalmer of the still midnight!
Shutting, with careful fingers and benign,
MEASURE me out from the fathomless tun
That somewhere or other you keep
I would like to watch you sleeping,
which may not happen.
Come, let us to the sunways of the west,
Hasten, while crystal dews the rose-cups fill,
I know it must be winter (though I sleep) --
I know it must be winter, for I dream
When against earth a wooden heel
Clicks as loud as stone on steel,
Work, sleep, work, sleep,
Work, sleep, work, sleep,
She sleeps as my tired old eyes make love to her....
Her long grey hair frames her gentle face and softly touches
Beside the drowsy streams that creep
Within this island of repose,
You like to talk in your sleep.
Your dream must be so deep.
One night I was in charge of the house
When my parents had gone out side
Something moves in the tall forest grass
the smooth skin shines in the sun
a snake is bitten by another snake
it is bleeding and leaves and looks for a tree
The voices of our foremothers are not lost;
they're conjoined
Dancing
with you;
'What other sound could I make
That would work so well? '
A snake is there,
In that cage,
A Snake In The Grass.
Yesterday I saved a life
A snake is a snake is a snake
He cannot change his scales.
A snake seizes a mouse
And very easily swallows it
"You talk of snakes," said Jack the Rat,
"But blow me, one hot summer,
The snake charmer playing the wooden ' been' instrument
And the cobras,
Adam is the man
obedient son of God
(few days back I saw  A big snake in my dreams, the same snake which was in this poem about to hurt me tomorrow..29/09/09..9am)
THE SNAKE
Hullo, there Baburam – what have you got in there?
Snakes? Aha – and do you think there’s one that youcould spare
Black berrys charm the snake;
And wait for new Comings, by day.
when you tire of snakes slithering beside your heals
become a medusa wear in your hair hissing snake fashions
Blake, talked you of the bright and burning eyes of the tiger
And the Maker making it,
People speak a lot about cobra snake
“It is life only at stake” I thought
I still have your book
And you have my clip
Untie the celtic knot
Grasp the sands of time
Look,
Dead snake
I saw you coming gently
with all your slovenliness,
hey!-even snake gourds
become Buddhas-
Into the snake's eyes I looked deeply within
I saw not hate or evil or any deadly sin
Hitler once brought in a rooster
In parliament his point to pester,
A circle writhing
Smaller and diminishing
Snake stalking a frog
Strike! Frog jumps into a pond
Handwriting like a snake
You are more flexible
i have taken
lessons from snakes
What it is in the department,
The academia and the academies
This snake was eyeing a frog for his lunch
They struck at each other with a crunch
Little garter snake, asleep in the rue,
Lost in your dreams so sweet.
What is that?
That is a snake and
She was being sarcastic when she said that he was a hunk.
But she really thought that he was a punk.
This story of the Rainbow Serpent is an Australian aboriginal legend and I have re-told it, with the best of intentions, for an international audience. I may have made some changes to the story  and I hope my re-telling is true to the spirit of the original versions.
the rainbow snake
burning sun rays in hot summer wither heat land
in desert rainless daily sun rays merciless scold sand
Snakes in the backyards
Makes a lot of problem
Snake-charmer, play you the wooden 'been' instrument
In the forest deep and dark,
Our Times
And in all Times,
A TRUE TALE.
'Can such things be and overcome us like a summer cloud,
Selfishness and stupidity
tend to be our guides
The serpent has mingled with my blood
As she devours me, I become her lover
Snake bite
Venom strikes
There were number of snake charmers years before
They came in groups of couples with their baskets
Leave the self alone
The perfumes of your costumes
winds rose to the sky
dust carried upwards
In the grass
a snake is dancing
Giving in to the writing
all else went to hell
Snake-fire
is here
Mr. Rao was sitting in his front lawn
He looked dull and worried
We do not know your method...
As of yet, it is unclear
Beside a pond in main,
High and thin sugarcane.
Snake of time
Swallowed us nine.
Now he was standing on the border.
He heard his own voice say
Plants precious to my mother-in-law were
to me an oxymoron..things which could demand attention.
A snake came to my water-trough
On a hot, hot day, and I in pyjamas for the heat,
You stole all my smiles away,
There will be no more happiness for me,
He glides so swiftly
Back into the grass-
BUT, Snake, you must not come where we abide,
For you would tempt us; we should hear you say:
I saw a young snake glide
Out of the mottled shade
Hardly a sound in your world,
Only the repetitious "S".
Sake of love,
Don't shake off the truth when you meet your lover;
Snake
Singing
The Desert-snake was cornered in a hole,
And flushed out ’live, without a single scratch;
Henry was every morning fed
With a full mess of milk and bread.
The crane spreads its wings, while the snake coils to strike
Both have great agility, and flamboyance when they fight
The deer is humble, lovely as God made her
I watch her eyes and think of wonder owned
Far away in the twilight time
Of every people, in every clime,
Well, mate, you’ve asked about a fellow
You met to-day, in a black-and-yellow
The Eagle and the Snake!
Fighting,
Poison at the mouth and at the end of
A snake:
It was green, it was shiny, it was long.
What was it? Something was wrong.
The first snake,
Hoar, boar, soar, roar;
Book
started tale
'Twas just a dog, I tell myself.
An animal like any other-
In a hot sunny day at a market place
He bends and shakes his weak leg
Tick, tick, tick, echoed the miner's pick
Unleashing the captive from the depths below
the night fell too soon
and the way I am, I am weak
In the name of love, the lord of our hearts,
Let me to say you a story, it never hurts
A snake caught a fish
Then it took the fish ashore
The snake crept slowly
Through the bush
The snake charmer of India
Playing the wooden been instrument
WHITHER dost thou hide from the magic of my flute-call?
In what moonlight-tangled meshes of perfume,
The snake gourd blossoms.
My throat blocked with phlegm,
It slithers along the ground,
Forked tongue slips side to side,
Oh, what an unbearably beautiful night, spreading warmth and heat!
My mind is excited (the mind with which I play)
THE SNAKE
At the right
The snake and the apple is a sorry tale to tell,
Adam was wandering in the Garden of Eden,
The wooden been music
The snake charmer playing
Tiny little snake
Not fully awake it crawls
The snake has lost his luster,
As his venom now I see,
Green Snake, when I hung you round my neck
and stroked your cold, pulsing throat
Snake River
we twist and turn
SNAKE
Creepy, clammy
For more than seven years
We are habituated
A little girl and a big ugly man
Went down the road. The girl was crying
Chinese New Year's Eve...
staring at the mirror
A writer
a poet
They called you Diablo -
Dank, dark and hissing -
Come back home soldier
Throw your gun away,
If I should die, think only this of me:
That there's some corner of a foreign field
There is a flag on the door, and joy left on the floor,
A woman sobs all day long crying to the tune of an old song
In his heart he holds courage,
In his hands he holds our lives.
I can see a soldier's mother
Knitting quietly in the lamplight,
A soldier was ordered into battle to face the foe,
His mind  devoid of sensation - his body numb,
As I gasp for breath,
and realize,
The day when I met you
Your attitude impressed me in my mind and heart
A pauper takes out a notepad from his satchel
And scribble something with a pencil.
I lived my days apart,
Dreaming fair songs for God;
To whom was read "If" aloud
Geared up like in childhood plays
a soldier coming home
he gets off the bus and looks around
Daymare demons spiral your head.
There is no rest in your soft bed.
Are there currently trials and tribulations in your life?
Where as you’re going through a real hard time right?
I was just a man.
I was not cruel or heartless.
Raining hard,
my back hurts,
Your Freedom he fights for you to keep
So you will be safe while you sleep
He is that fallen lance that lies as hurled,
That lies unlifted now, come dew, come rust,
I HEAR CRY'S FOR HELP
AND BOMBS EXPLODE,
A soldier went to Heaven
And stood at the Pearly Gates
I was a Union soldier.
The battles were long, bloody and tiring.
ADIEU, O soldier!
You of the rude campaigning, (which we shared,)
Soldier in your chair of anger
all alone with your deepest pain.
What did I do, sonny, in the Great World War?
Well, I learned to peel potatoes and to scrub the barrack floor.
He was a brave soldier he died young and brave
And for more than six decades he lay in his grave
I was born a soldier,
to protect some place,
Dear, Soldier Boy,
How I miss you so.
Five years ago, he had joined the IMA*
In the prime of his life, he has gone today
In the east the morning comes,
Hear the rollin' of the drums
So softly you apply your mask
Your lipstick, pencil and your brush
Girl To A Soldier On Leave
Love! You love me — your eyes
God and the soldier
All men adore
God and the soldier
All men adore
Whether:
Taking a hill
Back again 'n' nothin' missin' barrin'
arf a hand,
I am a Roman soldier.
I choke on the dust and peer ahead.
In a soldier...
Loyalty and strength you see.
I am a soldier.
Just a soldier, and don’t ask me
When its late at night
And I am all alone
A bayoneted rifle stuck in the ground
with a soldier’s helmet on it
Ode to the Fallen soldier,
For he has made the ultimate
'Oh! he's nothing but a soldier,'
But he's coming here tonight,
Streets of the roaring town,
Hush for him, hus, be still!
1     My shoulders ache beneath my pack
2     (Lie easier, Cross, upon His back).
'Twas the night before christmas
in a war over seas
As I was spittin' into the Ditch aboard o' the ~Crocodile~,
I seed a man on a man-o'-war got up in the Reg'lars' style.
My soldier boy has crossed the sea
To fight the foeman;
As the dawn begins to break, I see headlights
The farm is just a ways down the road
Soldier Freddy
was never ready,
Soldier going to the war--
Will you take my heart with you,
'Sweetheart, take this,' a soldier said,
'And bid me brave good-by;
God's got an Army, not afraid to fight.
Children of light, wariours of night.
A tribute to Rhodesia's Soldier Pioneers.
He held Dads medals in his hand,
The soldier fights for the people,
The soldier fights for good,
Soldiers hang around near
borders all around  to save
It's good to feel pain, It lets me know I'm alive.
Roll with the thunder, Know that I'll survive.
Soldier, rest! thy warfare o'er,
Sleep the sleep that knows not breaking:
"Soldier, soldier come from the wars,
Why don't you march with my true love?"
I love you, great new Titan!
Am I not you?
Soldiers fight straight wars
near the boundaries of mother
Soldier, wake - the day is peeping,
Honour ne'er was won in sleeping,
At the end of yet another week,
weary soldiers are huddled behind church doors,
A gentle breeze chatters the leaves
as birds sing their greetings.
Teacher is a soldier with a pen and an eternal guide
Lighting wisdom to mind decayed and white,
Hey! My handsome soldier
Your crystallized eyes destined
The broken soldier sings and whistles day to dark;
He's but the remnant of a man, maimed and half-blind,
Life contracts and death is expected,
As in season of autumn.
When the grass was closely mown,
Walking on the lawn alone,
Yes! raise me on your arm, Dick Dale,
My comrade old and true.
Fallen Soldier All Alone
Fallen Soldier Far From Home.
I walk with no man, I always walk alone
My soul made of fire and my heart of stone
I wanted to become a soldier
An army of one
Lest the young soldiers be strange in heaven,
God bids the old soldier they all adored
Lady when I left you
Ere I sailed the sea,
I mind the river from Mount Frome
To Ballanshantie’s Bridge,
The Militant Soldier Boy
Lies dying. In shame,
the soldier fights for the hippys rights to protest against that soldier
the soldier fights for the politions rights to send that soldier to war
Fighting for freedom,
Fall of a valiant soldier
'Deny your God! ' they ringed me with their spears;
Blood-crazed were they, and reeking from the strife;
As the silence fell,  the birds began to sing
The soldier tries to stand on his own
Yes. Why do we áll, seeing of a soldier, bless him? bless
Our redcoats, our tars? Both these being, the greater part,
Home furthest off grows dearer from the way;
And when the army in the Indias lay
Here in the noisy night
Is his delight.
He is that fallen lance that lies as hurled,
That lies unlifted now, come dew, come rust,
There he stands; this broken down man,
His body tired and weak as his feet pierce the sand,
the soldier is given the order to run
by the officer 6 miles away
War is a battle one cannot win.
Win or lose you are committing a sin
Give me the scorn of the stars and a peak defiant;
Wail of the pines and a wind with the shout of a giant;
There's a graveyard near the White House
Where the Unknown Soldier lies,
He is known to the sun-white Majesties
Who stand at the gates of dawn.
I
Dry leaves, soldier, dry leaves, dead leaves;
When the 'arf-made recruity goes out to the East
'E acts like a babe an' 'e drinks like a beast,
Since you were so young, child, I shall
Not fear your noon or even-fall,
It is not death
Without hereafter
I have a toy soldier that sits high up on my shelf,
I'm not allowed to play with him, so he sits there by himself,
To the memory of all who have fallen in war.
At the going down of the sun,
Brave Soldier wounded in Iraq,
Lost his Mate in the same attack.
You're a father, mother, son,
daughter, brother or sister
Stay calm soldier
Do not panic
He thinks he’s not, but he’s hot!
Deeply clumsy, dartful smiley eyes… a playful child
Where the pools are bright and deep,
Where the grey trout lies asleep,
What is the song the children sing,
When doorway lilacs bloom in Spring,
THE angels are stooping
Above your bed;
WINE comes in at the mouth
And love comes in at the eye;
i{Sung by the people of Faery over Diarmuid and Grania,}
i{in their bridal sleep under a Cromlech.}
Over hill, over dale,
Thorough bush, thorough brier,
I read within a poet's book
A word that starred the page:
The line-storm clouds fly tattered and swift,
The road is forlorn all day,
When you, my Dear, are away, away,
How wearily goes the creeping day.
Tell me no more of thy love, papeeha,
Wouldst thou recall to my heart, papeeha,
There are songs for the morning and songs for the night,
For sunrise and sunset, the stars and the moon;
Rome never looks where she treads.
Always her heavy hooves fall
(Parvati at her lattice)
O Love! were you a basil-wreath to twine
THAT which eludes this verse and any verse,
Unheard by sharpest ear, unform'd in clearest eye or cunningest mind,
Once red ripple came to land
In the golden sunset burning--
Prelude to "Stalky & Co."
"Let us now praise famous men"--
If you wake at midnight, and hear a horse's feet,
Don't go drawing back the blind, or looking in the street.
Ancient Person, for whom I
All the flattering youth defy,
"Sleep, weary ones, while ye may --
Sleep, oh, sleep!"
The memory of you emerges from the night around me.
The river mingles its stubborn lament with the sea.
A song of Enchantment I sang me there,
In a green-green wood, by waters fair,
Once, at night, in the manor wood
My Love and I long silent stood,
Sherwood in the twilight, is Robin Hood awake?
Grey and ghostly shadows are gliding through the brake,
Sail fast, sail fast,
Ark of my hopes, Ark of my dreams;
The princess has her lovers,
A score of knights has she,
COME, I will make the continent indissoluble;
I will make the most splendid race the sun ever yet shone upon;
Sweet dreams, form a shade
O'er my lovely infant's head!
I THOUGHT no more was needed
Youth to polong
Let the snake wait under
his weed
Young palmer sun, that to these shining sands
Pourest thy pilgrim's tale, discoursing still
MOTLEY I count the only wear
That suits, in this mixed world, the truly wise,
Prepare, prepare the iron helm of war,
Bring forth the lots, cast in the spacious orb;
Show me the way to the next whisky bar
Oh, don't ask why, oh, don't ask why
The hunchèd camels of the night
Trouble the bright
Look off, dear Love, across the sallow sands,
And mark yon meeting of the sun and sea,
He
Lift up the veils that darken the delicate moon
Let the rain kiss you
Let the rain beat upon your head with silver liquid drops
Willow in your April gown
Delicate and gleaming,
The moon shimmers in green water.
White herons fly through the moonlight.
Know'st thou not at the fall of the leaf
How the heart feels a languid grief
Now's the time when children's noses
All become as red as roses
Like a joy on the heart of a sorrow,
The sunset hangs on a cloud;
Come, brother, come. Lets lift it;
come now, hewit! roll away!
Sleep, sleep, beauty bright,
Dreaming in the joys of night;
Your house is
Falling down
My jolly fat host with your face all a-grin,
Come, open the door to us, let us come in.
INSCRIPTION FOR AN ANTIQUE PITCHER,
Come, old friend! sit down and listen!
Wine comes in at the mouth
And love comes in at the eye;
Ornamental clouds
compose an evening love song;
Full moon rising on the waters of my heart,
Lakes and moon and fires,
I am a reaper whose muscles set at sundown. All my oats are cradled.
But I am too chilled, and too fatigued to bind them.
I could take the Harlem night
and wrap around you,
Dark, dark, lay the drifters, against the red west,
As they shot their long meshes of steel overside;
When the green woods laugh with the voice of joy,
And the dimpling stream runs laughing by;
Love
Is a ripe plum
My own dear love, he is strong and bold
And he cares not what comes after.
How can I keep my soul in me, so that
it doesn't touch your soul? How can I raise
My love, we will go, we will go, I and you,
And away in the woods we will scatter the dew;
I lie here thinking of you:---
the stain of love
Look not thou on beauty's charming;
Sit thou still when kings are arming;
The wild winds weep
And the night is a-cold;
To drown the ancient sorrows,
we drank a hundred jugs of wine
He would declare and could himself believe
That the birds there in all the garden round
The year's at the spring,
And day's at the morn;
This is the one song everyone
would like to learn: the song
…do not send me out
among strangers
Again rejoicing nature sees
Her robe assume its vernal hues,
Hidden, oh hidden
in the high fog
There's a place I know where the birds swing low,
And wayward vines go roaming,
Mine are the night and morning,
The pits of air, the gulf of space,
Oh, I should like to ride the seas,
A roaring buccaneer;
The moonlight breaks upon the city's domes,
And falls along cemented steel and stone,
I think that I shall never see
A billboard lovely as a tree
AFOOT and light-hearted, I take to the open road,
Healthy, free, the world before me,
Pour O pour that parting soul in song
O pour it in the sawdust glow of night
I came to the door of the House of Love
And knocked as the starry night went by;
The weight of the world
is love.
When I am dead, my dearest,
Sing no sad songs for me;
I saw thee on thy bridal day-
When a burning blush came o'er thee,
Winter is icummen in,
Lhude sing Goddamm,
Sweetest love, I do not go,
For weariness of thee,
My silks and fine array,
My smiles and languish'd air,
My heart leaps up when I behold
A rainbow in the sky;
Before man to blow to right
The wind once blew itself untaught,
I shot an arrow into the air,
It fell to earth, I knew not where;
Mine, says the cat, putting out his paw of darkness.
My lover, my friend, my slave, my toy, says
I am a feather on the bright sky
I am the blue horse that runs in the plain
He thought he saw an Elephant,
That practised on a fife:
I.
If souls could sing to heaven's high King
Pelagius lived at Kardanoel
And taught a doctrine there
Through the black, rushing smoke-bursts,
Thick breaks the red flame.
You swallowed everything, like distance.
Like the sea, like time.
AFRICA
I will sing you a song of Los. the Eternal Prophet:
Out of the hills of Habersham,
Down the valleys of Hall,
The Song of the Shirt
With fingers weary and worn,
I WENT out to the hazel wood,
Because a fire was in my head,
As I wandered the forest,
The green leaves among,
The browns, the olives, and the yellows died,
And were swept up to heaven; where they glowed
'She will change,' I cried.
'Into a withered crone.'
Look look look
It is spring
A light exists in spring
Not present on the year
Oh, give us pleasure in the flowers to-day;
And give us not to think so far away
Taut, thick fingers punch
the teeth of my typewriter.
One asketh:
"Tell me, Myrson, tell me true:
Last night beneath the mockery of the moon
I heard the sudden startled whisperings
The city has fallen: only the hills and rivers remain.
In Spring the streets were green with grass and trees.
Ask not the cause why sullen spring
So long delays her flow'rs to bear;
Before you thought of spring,
Except as a surmise,
Sometimes we remember kisses,
Remember the dear heart-leap when they came:
At last the air fragrant, the bird's bubbling whistle
Succinct in the unknown unsettled trees:
The Silver Birch is a dainty lady,
She wears a satin gown;
I wish it were spring in the world.
Let it be spring!
My mother
Foresaw deaths
Harshness vanished. A sudden softness
has replaced the meadows' wintry grey.
Face of the spring moon--
about twelve years old,
Fled are the frosts, and now the fields appear
Reclothed in fresh and verdant diaper;
First day of spring--
I keep thinking about
FLOWER god, god of the spring, beautiful, bountiful,
Cold-dyed shield in the sky, lover of versicles,
In the glad springtime when leaves were green,
O merrily the throstle sings!
O
Out of a bed of love
I so liked Spring last year
Because you were here;-
Here the white-ray'd anemone is born,
Wood-sorrel, and the varnish'd buttercup;
O Spring, I know thee! Seek for sweet surprise
In the young children's eyes.
In spring and summer winds may blow,
And rains fall after, hard and fast;
In spring rain
a pretty girl
IN the green and gallant Spring,
Love and the lyre I thought to sing,
In the spring twilight
the full moon is shining:
It is spring, And the ledger is opened again.
From the abyss where they were frozen,
Now Nature hangs her mantle green
On every blooming tree,
I
Ah, who will tell me, in these leaden days,
I HEARD a thousand blended notes,
While in a grove I sate reclined,
Cloud-topped and splendid, dominating all
The little lesser hills which compass thee,
THE bed of flowers
Loosens amain,
I.
Moonlight silvers the tops of trees,
Now spring has clad the grove in green,
And strew'd the lea wi' flowers;
O HEART of Spring!
Spirit of light and love and joyous day,
Lo! where the rosy-bosom'd Hours,
Fair Venus' train appear,
The city's all a-shining
Beneath a fickle sun,
DAYS full of rapture,
Are ye renew'd ?--
"Oh, dear, with the just unfolded tender leaflets of Mango trees as his incisive arrows, and with shining strings of honeybees as his bowstring, the assailant named Vasanta came very nigh, to afflict the hearts of those that are fully engaged in affairs of lovemaking...
"Oh, dear, in Vasanta, Spring, trees are with flowers and waters are with lotuses, hence the breezes are agreeably fragrant with the fragrance of those flowers, thereby the eventides are comfortable and even the daytimes are pleasant with those fragrant breezes, thereby the women are with concupiscence, thus everything is highly pleasing...
Again rejoicing nature sees
Her robe assume its vernal hues,
Mindful of you the sodden earth in spring,
And all the flowers that in the springtime grow,
A spring morning – well,
I only need to say the words?
By the road to the contagious hospital
under the surge of the blue
Green ripples singing down the corn,
With blossoms dumb the path I tread,
Margaret, are you grieving
Over Goldengrove unleaving?
WHEN daisies pied and violets blue,
And lady-smocks all silver-white,
WHEN loud by landside streamlets gush,
And clear in the greenwood quires the thrush,
I sit in an office at 244 Madison Avenue
And say to myself You have a responsible job havenue?
From the German of Herder.
All faintly through my soul to-day,
Too green the springing April grass,
Too blue the silver-speckled sky,
Now in the oak the sap of life is welling,
Tho' to the bough the rusty leafage clings;
The country ever has a lagging Spring,
Waiting for May to call its violets forth,
I feel the Spring far off, far off,
The faint far scent of bud and leaf--
spring is a -springing
the sun is a-shining
844
Spring is the Period
London Bridge is falling down, Rome's burnt and Babylon
The Great is now but dust; yet still Spring must
In what house, the jade flute that sends these dark notes drifting,
scattering on the spring wind that fills Lo-yang?
The park is filled with night and fog,
The veils are drawn about the world,
1 Halted against the shade of a last hill,
2 They fed, and, lying easy, were at ease
Birds' love and birds' song
Flying here and there,
Spring is life
Spring is hope
The year has changed his mantle cold
Of wind, of rain, of bitter air;
Soft-littered is the new-year's lambing fold,
And in the hollowed haystack at its side
To what purpose, April, do you return again?
Beauty is not enough.
Flowers are on their way to bloom
Birds do twitter in the sky
In spring I go to war
To sing or to die.
Nothing is so beautiful as spring --
When weeds, in wheels, shoot long and lovely and lush;
Spring, with that nameless pathos in the air
Which dwells with all things fair,
SPRING, the sweet Spring, is the year's pleasant king;
Then blooms each thing, then maids dance in a ring,
Sound the flute!
Now it's mute!
Spring am I, too soft of heart
Much to speak ere I depart:
These pools that, though in forests, still reflect
The total sky almost without defect,
Gone were but the Winter,
Come were but the Spring,
Spring rain
leaking through the roof
I thought I had forgotten,
But it all came back again
Hark, I hear a robin calling!
List, the wind is from the south!
THE air was full of sun and birds,
The fresh air sparkled clearly.
Spring, the sweet spring, is the year's pleasant king,
Then blooms each thing, then maids dance in a ring,
Listen, The wind is still,
And far away in the night --
A pity it is evening, yet
I do love the water of this spring
This spring as it comes bursts up in bonfires green,
Wild puffing of emerald trees, and flame-filled bushes,
'Tis a dull sight
To see the year dying,
THE groundflame of the crocus breaks the mould,
Fair Spring slides hither o'er the Southern sea,
In the spring of the year, in the spring of the year,
I walked the road beside my dear.
(After Rilke)
Spring has returned! Everything has returned!
Man goes to Man! Cry the challenge through the Jungle!
He that was our Brother goes away.
The sky has given over
its bitterness.
The Spring-time, O the Spring-time!
Who does not know it well?
The winter comes; I walk alone,
I want no bird to sing;
The year's at the spring,
And day's at the morn;
(For Kenton)
An iron hand has stilled the throats
O thou with dewy locks, who lookest down
Thro' the clear windows of the morning, turn
Welcome, gentle Stripling,
Nature's darling thou!
The fields are snowbound no longer;
There are little blue lakes and flags of tenderest green.
Bells in the town alight with spring
converse, with a concordance of new airs
The winds that on the uplands softly lie,
Grow keener where the ice is lingering still
I heard a thousand blended notes
While in a grove I sat reclined,
Back in black I hit you hard
With my classic rock chick style
I walk over to the place we used to visit,
Where laughter filled the rims of each cup,
I found it at starry night.
It was tiny like a dot -
My eyes are sleep-laden,
I return home taking with me songs of fallen crops!
A birthday poem for my wife
A star fell from heaven
A star in any other dialect remains a star
Stars give hope for a pleasant night
The leading man walked onto the stage,
the house lights dimmed, a hush descended,
Your a thousand stars away.
The brightest shining star in the sky.
A star
Shining brightly by the moonlight
A star shone out so very bright,
Not just a little, simple one,
The morning star have shined anew
More brightly like a mountain glow
This morning's passed so peacefully this morning
the time has come, I must be on my way
"There is my little trembling star," she said.
I looked; once more
She'd sent me stars, two handfuls in that myst'ry package.
And when I opened  to unpack they came like swarms
Once upon a shining star,
I made a wish and it came true.
240
Ah, Moon—and Star!
There is this rose,
In a garden beautiful;
I'm looking at this star tonight,
Wishing wishes would come true.
(For Aline)
Now by what whim of wanton chance
Beautiful Star
Shine
Breaking the waves to finally know,
What is the truth in this old game;
Star, star, you shine so bright
Lighting even my darkest night…
Bright star, would I were stedfast as thou art-
Not in lone splendour hung aloft the night
There you are in front of this
All the times are coming on
As I stare upon you, Evening Star
From the land where sorrows reign
'Twas noontide of summer,
And mid-time of night;
Lo! in the painted oriel of the West,
Whose panes the sunken sun incarnadines,
Speak softly; sun going down
Out of sight. Come near me now.
They could never understand
what u set out 2 do
For beauty I am not a star,
There are others more perfect by far,
Go from me, summer friends, and tarry not:
I am no summer friend, but wintry cold,
Go and catch a falling star,
Get with child a mandrake root,
Will you dance with me?
Will you set me free?
I watch the sunlight dance across your face of elegance,
And I've never been this swept away in romance......
There was a red star stone, old poets feign,
Hung on the neck of Helen, the most fair
I wished upon a star one day
As it went shooting through the sky,
Within a pub that's off the Strand and handy to the bar,
With pipe in mouth and mug in hand sat Jobson of the Star.
Deleted for the sake of privacyOft on that latest star of purest light,
That hovers on the verge of morning gray,
Little star, little star
Why you live so far?
A zillion miles of night
caress the little star.
When the creation was new and all the stars shone in their first
splendor, the gods held their assembly in the sky and sang
This proud ship is the Morning Star,
She is built of solid oak beams.
If winter, you wake up at four
From behind the closed window-door,
It was a lonely and dark night
I lost directions left and right
My lucky star
So close yet so far
All, that I know
Of a certain star
The darkness I embrace
For there is nothing else to do.
Star light, star bright,
The most beautiful star in my sight,
I saw a shooting star, a falling star tonight
All green and gold, a peacock tail
O STAR of France!
The brightness of thy hope and strength and fame,
He walks like a lover: mysterious and wise
chestnut hair hides two hazel eyes
'You look like a film star', I told her
She took the compliment well
Show me the star
and I'll show you the lover
Sky Star…., so far….., on a peaceful night….,
Blinking…, twinkling…, with a wondrous light…,
Can it be the sun descending
O'er the level plain of water?
Go and catch a falling star,
Get with child a mandrake root,
1       Star that bringest home the bee,
2     And sett'st the weary labourer free!
Bright star of beauty, on whose eyelids sit
A thousand nymph-like and enamour'd Graces,
If I could write a sonnet
on a star
The star of my mishap impos'd this paining,
To spend the April of my years in wailing
What kind of woman do you want
Star boy?
Forty-two years ago (to me if to no one else
The number is of some interest) it was a brilliant starry night
I was staring at the midnight sky
Star gazing
Starlight
Starbright
Star, that gives a gracious dole,
What am I to choose?
no arms
to break my fall
'star light star bright'
eons passed by
The star that surrounds me,
The star has gone away.
Star of my heart, I follow from afar.
Sweet Love on high, lead on where shepherds are,
Star of the East, that long ago
Brought wise men on their way
Star of the sea
Your home is the sea
You’re like a star
In a vast oblivion
We search amongst the stars for life
Like moths forever seeking light
Death star did they make,
To rule over the universe,
So you're writing for a paper?  Well, it's nothing very new
To be writing yards of drivel for a tidy little screw;
Lo! in the paintedoriel of the West,
Whose panes the sunken sun incarnadines,
Smiles soon abate; the boisterous throes
Of anger long burst forth;
A star is gone! a star is gone!
There is a blank in Heaven;
The North Star whispers: "You are one
Of those whose course no chance can change.
Thou father of the children of my brain
By thee engendered in my willing heart,
Can it be the sun descending
O'er the level plain of water?
THE SUN stepped down from his golden throne,
And lay in the silent sea,
We boast no more of our bloodless flag, that rose from a nation's slime;
Better a shred of a deep-dyed rag from the storms of the olden time.
When I was a boy I searched the skies
For the truth, a star, and the worldly wise,
1     Whatever 'tis, whose beauty here below
2     Attracts thee thus and makes thee stream and flow,
`You know Orion always comes up sideways.
Throwing a leg up over our fence of mountains,
Every whisper that one hear is the name that has respect and yet just to look in the eyes of the stars of Star bucks is the star of respect that will fill once heart with the respect of Star bucks when one smile thus one smile with respect.
When the birds sing for they sing with happiness just to see the blue sky is like seeing the moon light of a angel of Star bucks yet when there is happiness thus one feel the touch of respect in once heart for the stars of Star bucks.
The Sun is not just a special star
Huge balls of hot gases are stars spinning in space
I see a wishing star up in the sky,
I start to make a wish upon that wishing star,
Thou lingering star, with less'ning ray,
That lov'st to greet the early morn,
Star that bringest home the bee,
And sett’st the weary labourer free!
Thou fair-haired angel of the evening,
Now, whilst the sun rests on the mountains, light
My apologies to chance for calling it necessity.
My apologies to necessity if I'm mistaken, after all.
Wings of dreams
And shine of pearls
The morning was fearful at sea--
The voyagers weary and pale;
When the shy star goes forth in heaven
All maidenly, disconsolate,
Look here a star.
You wish on them.
Morning star from where you are
Can you see my tiny heart
What do you have to say
On this day
Open the window, and let the air
Freshly blow upon face and hair,
A languid atmosphere, a lazy breeze,
With labored respiration, moves the wheat
I
The dawn laughs out on orient hills
THE wind has swept from the wide atmosphere
Each vapour that obscured the sunset's ray,
Season of mist and mellow fruit,
Of blossom and scented air.
Never was sun so bright before,
No matin of the lark so sweet,
Welcome, rain or tempest
From yon airy powers,
(IN THE BEGINNING)
The sun is a huntress young,
981
As Sleigh Bells seem in summer
In winter I get up at night
And dress by yellow candle-light.
Suddenly, from all the green around you,
something-you don't know what-has disappeared;
Between the dusk of a summer night
And the dawn of a summer day,
’Tis the early summer season, when the skies are clear and blue;
When wide warm fields are glad with corn as green as ever grew,
Early summer rain--
houses facing the river,
Through the pregnant universe rumbles life's terrific thunder,
And Earth's bowels quake with terror; strange and terrible storms break,
Fair summer droops, droop men and beasts therefore,
So fair a summer look for nevermore:
A seated statue of himself he seems.
A bronze slowness becomes him. Patently
Fickle Summer's fled away,
Shall we see her face again?
No matter how hard I listen, the wind speaks
One syllable, which has no comfort in it--
1068
Further in Summer than the Birds
Summer's heat can swelter and melt...
As summer's heat may simmer as weld.
Her final summer was it,
And yet we guessed it not;
I know a place where summer strives
With such a practised frost,
I know I am but summer to your heart,
And not the full four seasons of the year;
I remember well that summer place,
The sun, the sea, the surf soaked sand,
I
I see the boys of summer in their ruin
In spring and summer winds may blow,
And rains fall after, hard and fast;
How plain and height
With dewdrops are bright!
In that summer of loving you
I was free
In the summer
I stretch out on the shore
In youth, it was a way I had
To do my best to please,
A soft veil dims the tender skies,
And half conceals from pensive eyes
Lyric night of the lingering Indian summer,
Shadowy fields that are scentless but full of singing,
221
It can't be "Summer"!
342
It will be Summer—eventually.
(ALCAICS)
Confused, he found her lavishing feminine
'Tis moonlight, summer moonlight,
All soft and still and fair;
O Summer Hill! if thou wert mine,
I'd order in a pipe of wine,
On the idle hill of summer,
Sleepy with the flow of streams,
Once upon a Summer day,
Birds chirped in a musical way,
I'd walk her home after work
buying roses and talking of Bechsteins.
How beautiful is the rain!
After the dust and heat,
"Oh, dear, this utterly sweltering season of the highly rampant sun is drawing nigh, and it will always be good enough to go on taking daytime baths, as the lakes and rivers will still be with plenteous waters, and at the end of the day, nightfall will be pleasant with fascinating moon, and in such nights Love-god can somehow be almost mollified...[who tortured us in the previous vernal season... but now without His sweltering us, we can happily enjoy the nights devouring cool soft drinks and dancing and merrymaking in outfields...]
"Oh, beloved one, somewhere the moon shoved the blackish columns of night aside, somewhere else the palace-chambers with water [showering, sprinkling and splashing] machines are highly exciting, and else where the matrices of gems, [like coolant pearls and moon-stone, etc.,] are there, and even the pure sandalwood is liquefied [besides other coolant scents,] thus this season gets an adoration from all the people...
Branches naked against skies of blue,
Skeletons all, with summer gone,
AS swallows turning backward
When half-way o'er the sea,
Rolling blades of grass play in the meadows green,
as bird songs whisper my name in the trees...
My sleeping children are still flying dreams
in their goose-down heads.
Pray but one prayer for me 'twixt thy closed lips,
Think but one thought of me up in the stars.
The frog half fearful jumps across the path,
And little mouse that leaves its hole at eve
31
Summer for thee, grant I may be
Has summer come without the rose,
Or left the bird behind?
When the sun shouts and people abound
One thinks there were the ages of stone and the age of
Now swarthy Summer, by rude health embrowned,
Precedence takes of rosy fingered Spring;
On London fell a clearer light;
Caressing pencils of the sun
One shows me how to lie down in a field of clover.
Another how to slip my hand under her Sunday skirt.
Gently I stir a white feather fan,
With open shirt sitting in a green wood.
The Oriole sings in the greening grove
As if he were half-way waiting,
Summer is dying in the purple and gold and russet
of the falling leaves of the wood,
Athwart the star-lit midnight sky
Luminous fleecy clouds drift by,
All yesterday it poured, and all night long
I could not sleep; the rain unceasing beat
Summer night--
even the stars
In the wild soft summer darkness
How many and many a night we two together
They come back in their white
shifts, their ruffled shawls of salt
See what delights in sylvan scenes appear!
Descending Gods have found Elysium here.
Some men there are who find in nature all
Their inspiration, hers the sympathy
Come we to the summer, to the summer we will come,
For the woods are full of bluebells and the hedges full of bloom,
Remember the days of our first happiness,
how strong we were, how dazed by passion,
Summer looked for long am I:
Much shall change or e'er I die.
It's that beautiful summer sky..
Like blue raspberries
A drop fell on the apple tree,
Another on the roof;
I looked into my heart to write
And found a desert there.
Summer breeze
summer long
Bend low again, night of summer stars.
So near you are, sky of summer stars,
Great is the sun, and wide he goes
Through empty heaven with repose;
It's sumertime,
School vacation has begun,
It is a sultry day; the sun has drank
The dew that lay upon the morning grass,
We should have put you in your hunting coat
Beneath its abstract whorls of pheasant blood.
That strain again? It seems to tell
Of something like a joy departed;
The last rose of summer lingers of a soft fragrance
as the days of summer fade into days only remembered
To Thomas Pennant, Esquire.
... equidem credo, quia sit divinitus illis
The songs of summer are over and past!
The swallow's forsaken the dripping eaves;
It is a place whither I've often gone
For peace, and found it, secret, hushed, and cool,
The turquoise pool rose up to meet us,
its slide a silver afterthought down which
My books I'd fain cast off, I cannot read,
'Twixt every page my thoughts go stray at large
'Tis moonlight, summer moonlight,
All soft and still and fair;
Tis the last rose of summer
Left blooming alone;
O thou who passest thro' our valleys in
Thy strength, curb thy fierce steeds, allay the heat
846
Twice had Summer her fair Verdure
In flat America, in Chicago,
Graceland cemetery on the German North Side.
Warm Summer…
Bumblebee flies to the south
I didn't write that novel
I've dreamed of for many years
Hear the thunder echoing about
A sky with a green hue
Winter without you is like
a summer in a winter, when memories
691
Would you like summer? Taste of ours.
The church bells toll a melancholy round,
Calling the people to some other prayers,
I'm tired of murdering children.
Once, long ago today, they wanted to live;
Beneath summer rain
happy garden grass will know
Look at the moon
Shining so bright
A slant of sun on dull brown walls,
A forgotten sky of bashful blue.
A song of the setting sun!
The sky in the west is red,
The Sun woke me this morning loud
and clear, saying "Hey! I've been
Along the sun-drenched roadside, from the great
hollow half-treetrunk, which for generations
And the sun slept on into the day
and lay buried deep
As truly as the sun shines,
as truly as the clouds weep,
With the crack of the bat, baseballs seem to
fly and float over my glove! As i step back
That public men publish falsehoods
Is nothing new. That America must accept
Brethrens: Moon, Sun, distant Constellations
Powerful divine universal life forces
the sun
is generous
Whatever You do, Whatever You say,
Even if Your angry all day,
One day we notice that the sun
needs feeding. Immediately
GIVE me the splendid silent sun, with all his beams full-dazzling;
Give me juicy autumnal fruit, ripe and red from the orchard;
He sendeth sun, he sendeth shower,
Alike they're needful for the flower:
Hast thou a charm to stay the morning-star
In his steep course? So long he seems to pause
Sometimes a mortal feels in himself Nature
-- not his Father but his Mother stirs
I’ll tell you how the sun rose, -
A ribbon at a time.
Hours fly,
Flowers die:
Let the sun shine brightly each day,
Warming us deeply in our soul,
Light breaks where no sun shines;
Where no sea runs, the waters of the heart
When my life one day has gone
And the breath I breathe
Love is the Touch of the Sun
When it falls, darkness will reign
188
Make me a picture of the sun—
But all this while, where's he whose golden rays
Drives night away and beautifies our days?
Memory of sun seeps from the heart.
Grass grows yellower.
The Moon with finely chiselled face
awoke to see his ancient foe
Thar showed up out'n Denver in the spring uv '81
A man who'd worked with Dana on the Noo York Sun.
See that golden hue
Burning in the west
They say her words were like balloons
with strings I could not hold,
O SUN of real peace! O hastening light!
O free and extatic! O what I here, preparing, warble for!
What, hast thou run thy race, art going down?
Thou seemest angry, why dost on us frown?
Oh day of fire and sun,
Pure as a naked flame,
Look, look, brave Sol doth peep up from beneath,
Shows us his golden face, doth on us breathe;
Sun over dark trees;
Sun rising over the black;
This sun was mine and yours; we shared it.
Who's suffering behind the golden silk, who's dying?
sun goes on shining
while the debbil beats his wife
Pale morning sun that rises in the east,
Spread wide your light,
Pink-edged clouds,
sunset sun.
Freer
than most birds
Set me whereas the sun doth parch the green
Or where his beams do not dissolve the ice,
She stood against the Orient sun,
Her face inscrutable for light;
808
So set its Sun in Thee
My mistress' eyes are nothing like the sun;
Coral is far more red than her lips' red;
XXXII
The first time that the sun rose on thine oath
staring into the sun
white light
THROUGH intricate motions ran
Stream and gliding sun
Great is the sun, and wide he goes
Through empty heaven with repose;
The sun seeking my shadow
My shadow hides behind me
The sun got up and saw the moon.
'Why  are you out of bed so soon? '
Sun and Moon
Wishful lovers
the sun
when you
As I look from the isle, o'er its billows of green,
To the billows of foam-crested blue,
(for Kwame)
1
Sun of my soul, Thou Savior dear,
It is not night if Thou be near;
Sun of the sleepless! melancholy star!
Whose tearful beam glows tremulously far,
ANGEL, king of streaming morn;
Cherub, call'd by Heav'n to shine;
Write this. We have burned all their villages
Write this. We have burned all the villages and the people in them
Sun, sun,
divine Ra-Helios,
Sun sun sun
Rising sun  the creator
When your rationale for going to war
turns out to be false,
999
Superfluous were the Sun
Beautiful Sun! with thy golden rays,
To God, the wise Creator, be all praise;
Wherever the Catholic sun doth shine,
There’s always laughter and good red wine.
106
The Daisy follows soft the Sun—
The moon still shines like that of ages old,
holding distant secrets like a tale yet to be told,
oh!
the resplendent, red, rotund
THE summer sun shone round me,
The folded valley lay
871
The Sun and Moon must make their haste—
The sun is a beach ball covered in sand,
Warming up this little land.
The shadow by my finger cast
Divides the future from the past:
The sun has burst the sky
Because I love you
The sun has long been set,
The stars are out by twos and threes,
The sun has set, and the long grass now
Waves dreamily in the evening wind;
878
The Sun is gay or stark
The Sun is not just a special star
Huge balls of hot gases are stars spinning in space
692
The Sun kept setting—setting—still
152
The Sun kept stooping—stooping—low!
Once more the cauldron of the sun
Smears the bookcase with winy red,
I wait for the Day -
My Dear Friend,
The sun shines very brightly.
When cluds are not covering it.
The sun rays in your eye,
The love you’re giving that I have found;
Where did the sun go?
Somewhere we will never know
Busy old fool, unruly Sun,
Why dost thou thus,
"The sun says his prayers," said the fairy,
Or else he would wither and die.
The sun sets in molten gold.
The evening clouds form a jade disk.
There is the sun
Who wakes me up for another day
The sun is not a-bed, when I
At night upon my pillow lie;
An ingenuity too astonishing
to be quite fortuitous is
The sun was slumbering in the West,
My daily labors past;
and the sun wields mercy
but like a jet torch carried to high,
232
The Sun—just touched the Morning—
Three years she grew in sun and shower,
Then Nature said, "A lovelier flower
The noonday sun
holds court in our galaxy
920
We can but follow to the Sun—
888
When I have seen the Sun emerge
WHEN the sun comes after rain
And the bird is in the blue,
There you were
So distant from my life
Why, when our sun shines clearest,
Why, when our hopes seen nearest,
You flew in softly and tiptoed in my life
My parched soul got a reprieve
(*when a young girl ventures out for her
first class in swimming she should briefed
Swimming against the current requires skill and practice;
If one is sent on a mission as representative of a novice,
When the day becomes hot and hazy
And I become tired and lazy,
After having their breakfast, roaming cats played together
Some cats sat to rest while others washed their snouts with their paws
The painting, Blind Swimming by Max Ernst, is in part his metaphorical
illustration of the process of creativity. We see a portion of a river with a very strong current, running from the top of the painting downward. An object or entity which is traveling with this currents moves swiftly and elegantly downward. Another object with a bullet-like shape is struggling and at the whim of the current. Yet anotherobject shaped like a blade of some kind is slicing its way upwards.All afternoon I have been struggling to communicate in Italian with Roberto and Giuseppe, who have begun to resemble the two male characters in my Italian for Beginners, the ones who are always shopping or inquiring about the times of trains, and now I can hardly speak or write English.Watching children learn how to swim, my Granddaughter
having done quite well through the years, on the top
Swimming goose;
I am dam.
Should there be no demand
To what you can make best
Watching my Granddaughter at her swimming lessons,
she's just awesome!
She lives in her own bubble - doing what she
deems best for her budding business - trying
I a'm  a bridge
colourful pain and distress flowing under me.
I swim in a swimming pool, this afternoon
Of which, one half is in full sun, another one half in shade.
春日放鹅河上游
出句：
T-wentieth January morn
H-as made the day sunny;
Swimming along,
Just keep on swimming;
It is an ocean
And it is mine
Head bobbing up and down, arms and feet slapping
water, splashing it white and foamy into the air
Swayed by beauty
Of Sea never swim without
I think that you should come upstairs
And drink with me,
How nice to swim in sea, river, lake and pond!
Floating body, pressing water, moving forward
woke this morning
with many poems
I saw him in the distance, as the train went speeding by,
A shivery little fellow standing in the sun to dry.
In Utopia, fools in swimming pools
Fall in and out of love
Some snakes are swimming in drain
And some fishes too
If you are not a good swimmer                                             Inevitably you will drown in                                               The roaring sea of the world,                                                    The deep and dark sea of the                                               World is risky and dangerous,                                                 Not anyone can swim well in                                                This large and wide sea of life,                                        There are a lot of sharks and                                             Whales spreading here and there                                            Amid a lot of other monsters,                                            In addition to that we can see                                             The scary waves of that sea                                             Move fast and beyond imagination,                                     You will drown in this big sea                                              Unless you resist and fight                                               All the fearful currents anywhere,                                       You love sea, but you don't                                              Trust it and all that belongs to it,                                                                         You like all kinds of fish and you                                         Like all kinds of sea foods that                                           Mostly come from inside the big                                            Abdomen of the pretty sea itself,                                        Even if you are an expert swimmer                                        You might drown and die easily, and                                           After all, swimming the way you                                           Want does not help all the time,                                        But you need to abide by the sea's                                            Desired or not not desired rules.If you are not skilled or experienced enough to swim, then           You might drown even at Fares' swimming pool                         Simply because you need to get yourself                             Trained by an expert or                                              Your swimming is unwelcome anytime.Quickly anticipating melodies and their liveliness
as they grab and take me with them into realms of
Swimming apples
I sat and he tried
You Sir in your silent desire
to become a millionaire
We swam the lake in mid-November
For a silly, madcap, dare.
I always believed
that the russian president
Lagoon of swimming crocodiles
but
swimming in rivers
swimming in lakes
A Swimmer swims one stroke at a time
Focusing all ones energy, on the finish line.
Clear glass like water
In it the swimming fish
And I took her to her first volleyball game
At my high school-
My hopes are swimming
To search you dear God
In my head, alcohol and its pall for callousness call
Emboldened by froth and wrath
Are you swimming in a sea of tears?
Drenched in sorrow and clothed in fears?
It was a strange day.
When several honies came his way.
soul prepares spirit
for time of bonding
anyone for swim window sea diving
dive through house blue window frame
DRY
Noon's Saharan heat
Situating circumstances in lines of priority,
following protocols that are now non-existent,
Oh Death I am a coward
You drink an old man’s blood
Swimming deep in love, it is possible to get rare pearls,
A fulfilment nothing can give in this world of uncertainty;
Tracks across the heavens, disappearing into clouds, no
vehicles driving upon them, only pictures in my mind.
got a date with destiny
words are flowing rapidly
Some creatures learn to stand and walk,
Some learn to swim or fly,
Red corals and blue algae,
Wet sadness and swimming love
Swim I Wish To
in summer not spring
The ocean is so close to me,
As if this overpass were a cradle:
On this special Eve
I swim with my four grand kids
Swimming in the swimming pool
is where I like to 'B,'
There have been so many like U.S.
Trying to get into your dream's.
Swimming is fun
you can swim in the sun
The sand between my toes gave my standing ground;
I waded in the warm and shallow waters, soft and calm as the currentless sea.
Do you know swimming
I am not asking as
Swimming for a healthy body
For a healthy mind
So soothing the warm hand
which poises, glides across
If anyone can not swim very well, then                                 Drowning will be inevitable                                           Simply because we can not have any fun                                With any ocean,                                                       With any sea, or                                                       With any river anytime, anywhere, and everywhere...                    Only able-bodied swimmer can manage                                   Any kind of swimming with long time experiences...                   We all love to swim, but                                               Well-trained people can escape...                                 _________________________________________________ ____________________I have just drunk the waters of Changsha
And come to eat the fish of Wuchang.
I recollect the moment,
When my friends and I,
Swimming in the crystal water
Is a thing of joy,
i swim through this world
through two eyes,
Be patient in the heat strokes sweetheart,
There is a shy rose hidden in the thwart,
Tourist Hotel´s Pool
The swimming pool at the hotel is empty
I saw a salmon once, like an empty sock
Its procreative powers leeched away
Butterflies, Complete panic,
A thrill of excitement.
Water born species always swims
No one teaches them to swim
I am in my swimming suit,
And I am in the water.
Freshly risen sun has shown face,
Swimming this is in sky's chest,
Disappear between the space of dust
In a smoke, within the light
Light of spirit helps me soar
the sky I sing.
Lovers who want to make successful lives
always compromise
She tried to warn me
right from the start,
how i wish to swim with the dark queen
how i like it that way
when the meaning of water
ceases to be fluid
I saw myself a lake of stars
As I walked past the lake last night
when sun's at twilight
I'm lying nude on it—to
ليست السباحة,                              في اي بحر,                                 و سوف لن تكون                               مثل السباحة                                 في اي بركة سباحة                            لأنه ببساطة حينما يسبح المرء                 في اي بحر                                   انه يشعر حينئذ شعورا كبيرا و مختلفا         و حينما يسبح في اية بركة سباحة              فأن المرء يشعر بأنه مقيد                    بمحيط تلك البركة................           انا لااقول ان السباحة في اي بركة سباحة       ليست جيدة                                   و لكنها ليست كالسباحة في اي بحر في اي وقت...........................                 اعتاد المرحوم والدي ان يصطحبنا الى مسبحي العمال و فارس                               ليعلمنا كيف نسبح بشكل افضل....             عشقنا السباحة في هذه البرك                  و لكننا اردنا ان نكون احرارا في             البحر....................                  في ذلك كنا في سن القاصرين                   و كان ذلك حطا احمرا لنا في ان نجرؤ على السباحة في البحر الجميل                     خشية علينا من الغرق....                    بقينا على هذه الحال لسنوات كثيرة            قدر استطاعتنا.............                 ان اي بحر غدار                              و لذلك                                     فالسباحة بدون مرافقة                        قد تكلف المرء حياته                         في اي وقت...                                           للسباحة, في اي بحر,                      اهلها                                         و لكن                                       السباحة في اية بركة سباحة                                       فهي لكل الاعمار                             و اكثر امنا                                    ________________________________________________It is good to swim in seas
When we can be friendly with the sea
The breezes waved the silver grass,
Waist-high along the siding,
Every one can't swim in a river
Which experience makes some to swim
Swimming in any sea is not and                                        It will not be like that swimming in                                  Any swimming pool                                                     Simply because when someone swims in any sea, then                    He feels great and different, but                                     When swimming in any swimming pool, then                              Someone feels that he is tied to the circumference of                 That swimming pool,                                                  I am not saying that swimming in any swimming pool is not good, but   It is not like of that swimming in any sea anytime,                  My late dad used to take us to the Oummal and Fares swimming pool To Teach us greatly how to swim,                                        We loved swimming in these swimming pools, but                        We wanted to be free in the sea,                                     At that time and we were being underage,                             It was a red line for us to swim in the pretty sea fearing that       We might be drown....                                                We remained like this for as many years as we could....              Any sea is treacherous, so                                            Swimming without being accompanied might cost someone his or her life Anytime....................                                          Swimming in any sea has its own people, but                           Swimming in any swimming pool might be for all ages and               It's always safer..................                                  _________________________________________________ _____________________In the grayness of a chilly November Dawn
The salmon are swimming up current to spawn
The salmon are swimming upriver in the cold gray damp of the dawn
To the gravel beds of the rapids to dig out their spawning beds to spawn
I went with them to the fishing hole,
Way back yonder in the back of the woods, .
fish
Swimming
Clouds in asphalt, in the graffiti of sweet things,
Swinging their hips to the store to buy roses for
There is a swimming pool in a small town
where water sparkles as blue as the sky,
We swim a few times
across the water
Cold, blue water, shimmering and shining like broken ice
floating around with the morning breeze.
eyes are
watching sky
In payment for those mornings at the mirror while,
at her
Writing brush swimming ink pool fully dips poetry and Chinese painting feelings
求下联——笔泳墨池饱蘸诗情国画意
If, in the month of dark December,
Leander, who was nightly wont
‘You were swimming in cold water, ’
Said a Voice suddenly from
ପାଣିର ସ୍ୱପ୍ନ,
ସ୍ୱପ୍ନରେ ପାଣି
She so loved Him
was so beloved of Him
I still remember him, though his face is not clear
For he only brought me to the world of
My most loved teacher is Irene miss
She is always very bliss
A bad teacher is negatively pessimistic
A good teacher is positively optimistic
Giving my ears a painful tweak
She called me nitwit, tittering freak
A teacher will guide you in many ways,
Displaying patience and inspiring hope,
All year I had behaved,
with not a friggin' hair
A nice teacher
Never gives out alot
A new day to face many eyes,
Such inquisitive look  never lies,
The final exams are in the offing
Mugging and bugging in full swing
A teacher is the best artist of the child.
He is also the real builder of our Nation.
Father, mother, sister rolled into one,
nanny, lover, helper and adviser,
I was abused literally and pushed aside by teacher
He was in rage to see me when I tried to enter
Of one's responsibilities and of one's properties,
The day od clouds and thick darkness will meet us all;
As a Tribute to you O dear Teacher
I wish to dedicate this poem.
Thirteen years older
but hardly wiser
The best possible words,
with the best possible meaning,
The everyday duties of a teacher
Are as difficult as they can be,
bumped into my grandson's English teacher yesterday
at the football, and in between shouting like teenagers
For some, you may be the candle
But for me, you are the light
He was my instructor
In a college English class.
teacher o so wise all do cry of the
bounty sweet words flowing ever
With a special gift for learning
And with a heart that deeply cares,
I’m sitting in class,
My eyes about to close,
(1st place winner of Texas Career Association Poetry Contest 2010)
When I am done with school,
One is the mind, never bridged.
One is the mind of always, filled.Man of sincere love
Great source of true knowledge
Home is the first school and mother is the first teacher.
Parents are the builder of children's characters and minds.
I love my teacher
He is full of life
One fine morning i went my school
To meet my teachers and friends
This is the first poem I have written.
----------------
I know not of a man better than him
a man of morals and purity
You know your true friend when you are in most need
For like 'tis said such a friend is a friend indeed
Life is a puzzle that challenges the master mind
Life is a struggle
Life is a teacher, which teaches how to live.
Life is a teacher, which teaches how to win.
Life, the perfect teacher,
has a lot for us to offer,
They say the years from one to five,
when tiny tots become alive,
She has blond hair,
Her smile is pink.
My ice cold blood
[you're not a warm-blooded creature]
I again try to write for him
To tell him how I feel
my teacher ate my homework,
which i thought was rather odd.
Books are confusing
.Exams are tentioning.
I am back with Komal Sujeet,
I told you she is extremly sweet.
Each one has an important part
They guided us all the way
As the sun shines so we make our hay,
Knowing that it is not here to stay,
the teacher talks
the teacher thinks im listening
Same smiling face of his
Same eyes falling on me
My teacher is my knowledge bank
If I do not know anything,
today my teacher she ask me to come up front.
after the others had left come and see.
'My teacher wasn't half as nice as yours seems to be.
His name was Mister Unsworth and he taught us history.
Teacher, teacher, teacher,
you don't be a preacher,
teacher
please
Oh teacher, Oh teacher!
My test isn't signed
It is the colour of seven threaded in one;
As that of a free silk gown, before the eyes of poor!
Relation Between Teacher And Student Is Like,
The Relation Between Potter And His Pot,
I loved to be a Medical-Teacher;
My Teacher Father was my role model;
Mother Nature’s the best teacher we know,
Teaching both young and old without a fee;
The Teacher isn’t a source of mere knowledge;
Neither is he a passive transmitter;
Just when I am attempting
To write on Vedas and Upanishads;
Teaches me good things
Every single day
My mother is
Home
The Teacher Man teaches kids from all over the world
The Teacher Man  teaches no matter boy or girl
With a caring mind and noble heart,
You teach us the life’s art.
Teacher
An occupation of worthiness,
'That will teach you! '
He learnt how to
Teacher teacher, fairest of all,
Tell us what leaves will dropp in the fall?
The teacher taught;
The pupils never bought the notion.
Teacher was
Learn the
I ask a question
And am showered in grace
Teacher says,
teacher goes,
Teacher is a soldier with a pen and an eternal guide
Lighting wisdom to mind decayed and white,
Teacher, teacher, teacher, teach me now
Teacher, teacher, teacher, guide me now
Deltona, Florida  32725
Columbia, MD 21044
Pat was the coolest teacher I ever knew.
My kids adored him.
From under light pink silken gown
arose, his silly face a grin
I  bumped into my grandson's English teacher yesterday
at the football, and in between shouting like teenagers
Never he showed the maps and globes to the boys.
His sudden entry scared them in the room.
Life
Has turned out to be
The greatest teacher of all
Is our Lord, Jesus Christ
The last of the group is a teacher.
A history teacher to be in fact.
That little cherub sitting there
With eager eyes and expectant air
Looking back on
yesterday,
he prides himself about
this job
Here's the rule for what to do
If ever your teacher has the flu
Some drown in hydrolyzed clouds
Some fall with the rains’ wiping away
Here alone with all I profess
A faith, a belief in some systems of thought
The child is ahead of me,
he is jogging faster than me.
From his childhood he had been as one filled with the perfect
knowledge of God, and even while he was yet but a lad many of the
I was twenty-six the first time I held
a human heart in my hand.
A Cross is slanting ‘tween two withered trees -
I saw him first in peace, amid a crowd
I wish I’d known him better.
But our respect for him was such
The teacher must know
As Plato once
You taught me how to fly
above the skies...
This peach
that I’ve just eaten,
Oh my teacher...
let me praise you,
What would life be
Without colours?
If I should meet you
on the dusty road of life
i am taught well,
now my hands won't swell,
You want someone to hear you
Run your mouth
Anika awakens the child in me,
I watch her, as she fetches her toys
Thank you for the sun and showers
Thank you for the Springtime flowers
You
wrote a poem
Thank you dear Father for all the wonders and gifts you'v bestowed
from the fullness of your bounty, enriching my heart and soul
Dear Father in Heaven, today I'm not going to ask anything of you.
I want to praise you Lord and give thanks for all that you do.
The ancient sage, beset with too many thoughts
for one human lifetime,
Her coat shone silky smooth that afternoon.
Her tail wagged like a metronome.
A
Million
Thank you Lord for the glorious light,
That comes every morning, from the sun so bright.
When stillness
walked into the room
have roamed in this site
have caressed  got comforted
To He who is all powerful, thanks for the many
blessings you have bestowed on me.
He was not in to surface love,
Deemed it casual and for show;
I am sorry!
Sorry, is sometimes 'Countless'.
It is thirteen years today
since you sent me on the
I thought that my Thanksgiving would be ruined because my cat ran away.
But he returned last night and I give thanks for that today.
Today I can finally thank you
Thanks so much for tossing my heart in a shredder
Endless thanks God
For making my pen mighty
We played at the park that afternoon
She chased a football, wagging her tail
Just a few dwindling pools remain
in what was once the river bed.
when you are sad and weary,
and nothing give you peace,
I asked Allah for strenght, that I might achieve I was so week, that i might learn humbly to obey.. I asked for health, that I might I might do better things...
I asked for riches, that I might be happy I was given poverty, that I might be wise... I ask for power, that I might have the praise of men
When times are lean with nought to share
When love is hard to find
I give Thanks
A moment too soon
Giving thanks to him, because he’s God
And God is in everything, don’t you see?
For
the stillness of the morn
thanks for being strength in my weakness
thanks for being hope in my despair
Our world of so many modern conveniences
We were born to accept, and have taken for granted
thanks for giving pain for a while,
then by god's grace, you restored my smile.
Ruthlessly the judgement was pronounced
A shameful death sentence
Mental
Asylun
ACCOMPANYING MANUSCRIPTS PRESENTED TO A FRIEND.
'T is said that in the Holy Land
It is a good feeling
when you help someone in distress,
There is no way I’d like to be
somebody else: I quite like me.
You make me want to give up
you make me want to stop trying
For the gladness here where the sun is shining at evening on the weeds at the river,
Our prayer of thanks.
Thanks for being there
Always being so aware
Sincere thanks to the Africans who,
Made us proud at the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games;
Hey Dad look at me now,
Look at how i've grown.
This is my 2000th poem,
though not all are posted here.
Afzal Shauq Has A Vision Of All The World.. By: -Tanvi Damle from India
_____________________________________________ ____
Thanks a Lot, Mom
Thanks a lot, Mom.
What i told you
i told in
Thanks dad
For helping me through my darkest times
Thanks for being here, even though You're on the phone.
Thanks for being here, so I don't feel all left out alone.
THANKS FOR BEING THERE
Thanks for being, you,
Thanks for calling
You're a gem
I am free
from all the things I have done to me
Thanks for letting us know
That we are not going to see you tonight
Thanks for not giving up on me like everyone else...
Thanks for picking me up when everybody was looking down on me...
Thanks for playing with my feelings,
How i wish i could stop my heart from beating,
The flowers sent here by mistake,
signed with a name that no one knew,
Thanks for telling me, you are not what you are..! ! And thanks for not telling, that,
you have got two faces...! !
You know how when there’s a disaster where a bunch of
people are killed and the one guy who survives thanks God?
-  * THANKS FOR THE MEMORIES * -
You used to send me little things
Thanks for the memory,
For a man; golden history,
Today is the day
I wanted so much to say
Thank You, Lord, for simple things
That money just can’t buy:
In search of crime and criminals
I muster my subliminals.
the storms wait
by the window
Thanks Lord for wipping our tears
Because our tears came down from our eyes
I scavenged the thoughts,
Strained them from mind
The moment you’re born, your parents promise you that they will always be there.
As you grow up, and reach maturity, you’ll realize that they say words but they don’t really care.
thanks for making me comfortable.
on my first day at hospital.
Thanks for all your appreciation
I value it alot
My thankfulness for the sacred text
you have engraved on my obelisk
This is for every girl that has gossiped about me.
This is for every boy that has ever broken my heart.
She thanked
the cancer
Sometimes a grateful word is said
In reply to a kindness paid
Meeting you was the moment I still can remember it
Hearing well-intentioned word I still can feel it
Thanks for your fresh Spirit
You supply each day
HER griefs were the hours
When my struggle was sore,--
Thank you for being here.
to help me and console me.
Thank you, Lord, that I awoke
to see the rising sun
Thank you,
Thanks for looking after me
Thanks for being that kind
In my heart and mind
I saw you,
You.
Thanks for this and thanks for that
Thanks for the known and thanks for the unknown
Thanks for being there
Always being so aware
the castles of salzburg
the prairies of prussia
I don't know how you do it,
your calm tone and your different views.
I feel impelled to say a big 'THANK YOU '
to all my PH friends...
I started out long ago
with a handful of dreams,
MY FATHER SAID
ALONG LONG TIME AGO
You wait, always wait,
equally places and states
Thanks to the native Indians,
Who saved those arriving in ill health
In Bob Dylan’s backyard
there were twelve chapped faces
Thanks to you
I can no longer open up and let my guard down
You never let me live my life my way
You say it was in my best interest
Your pensive pen that is filled with honeyed thoughts,
Inks in my bossom with nectarous qoute;
Thanks for always being there for me.
Thanks for that person you helped me to be
The Other Night I got the blues and tried to smile in vain.
I couldn’t chuck a chuckle at the foolery of Twain;
All around the world,
poems are talking among themselves
While reading these poems my heart wanted to cry
as the words and the meanings brought a tear to my eye
Is it the tear measures hate and love?
Is it the laughter gages one’s kindness?
WE THRIVE THANKS TO THE BEAUTY
We thrive thanks to the Beauty
Forty words:
Falling in love with love,
thanks for all who commented and thanks for who inspired me,
who let it be from Top 500 poems
I remember a time filled
with bliss
Astound feelings
Beloved feels,
The last benches of the class rooms,
know more no of love stories,
A future time, a future place
Here on Earth or out in space
FOR one throb of the artery,
While on that old grey stone I Sat
The war will change many things in art and life, and among them, it is to be hoped, many of our own ideas as to what is, and what is not, "intellectual."
Thou, whose deep ways are in the sea,
Spring in my step
Spring in the air
Once, at night, in the manor wood
My Love and I long silent stood,
A time to laugh, a time to cry,
A time to love, a time to sigh.
Memories arrive unannounced
in the head, much inclined
Always for the first time
Hardly do I know you by sight
And the time will be our time to pray
And the time will be our time to learn to love the people here on earth
AS the time draws nigh, glooming, a cloud,
A dread beyond, of I know not what, darkens me.
There's a time to enjoy
The flowers of spring
Cherries of the night are riper
Than the cherries pluckt at noon
Crowds of people shopping, here and there
A white blanket of snow everywhere
A half-hour more and you will lean
To gather me close in the old sweet way--
Find time, for this day shall soon be night
Find time to love, whilst you still have life
Nothing is higher
Than honor and pride
From time to time
The clouds give rest
Gently on the stream of time,
We are floating day by day,
I Am Time, Time, Indelible, Indestructible
I am Time,
I had no time to hate, because
The grave would hinder me,
*this poem was written about a friend,
and what she is going thru these days*
I thank God time and time again
I thank God every day
In a dark time, the eye begins to see,
I meet my shadow in the deepening shade;
Less time than it takes to say it, less tears than it takes to die; I've taken account of everything,
there you have it. I've made a census of the stones, they are as numerous as my fingers and some
LONG TIME I LAY IN LITTLE EASE
LONG time I lay in little ease
I
Ancestral Houses
And did those feet in ancient time
Walk upon England's mountains green?
Never the time and the place
And the loved one all together!
THERE is no time like the old time, when you and I were young,
When the buds of April blossomed, and the birds of spring-time sung!
Distanced by dreams,
of yesteryears life,
Oh for the swords of former time!
Oh for the men who bore them,
My spirit is too weak; mortality
Weighs heavily on me like unwilling sleep,
Fly, envious Time, till thou run out thy race,
Call on the lazy leaden-stepping hours,
Open, Time, and let him pass
Shortly where his feet would be!
OR, from that Sea of Time,
Spray, blown by the wind--a double winrow-drift of weeds and shells;
Some of your classes might be boring,
But don’t you dare get caught snoring.
Cold and heat!
Winter and Summer;
Life is shifting time to time
As from birth to death we do
Against that time, if ever that time come,
When I shall see thee frown on my defects,
How soon hath Time, the subtle thief of youth,
Stoln on his wing my three and twentieth year!
Devouring Time, blunt thou the lion's paws,
And make the earth devour her own sweet brood;
Time, cruel Time, come and subdue that brow
Which conquers all but thee, and thee, too, stays
The first time that the sun rose on thine oath
To love me, I looked forward to the moon
First time he kissed me, he but only kissed
The finger of this hand wherewith I write;
Debate and rate
With added weight
I feel the Spring far off, far off,
The faint far scent of bud and leaf--
'T was just this time last year I died.
I know I heard the corn,
THOUGH leaves are many, the root is one;
Through all the lying days of my youth
Time or fate may separate friends, lovers,
But friendship or love that's true will ever
High above, sitting on his ledge, to himself he is to think.  I am neither nor am I heard.  I am as ghost.  I try and I try, oh how hard I do try, but I must, I mustn’t cry, but now instead his hazel eyes grow moist.  A heavy line and scarred face is stained by years.
Such a said faith for this one of light, personally known for the slayings of both the serpent and a dragon, should have never become one of the fallen.
Zeus,
Brazen-thunder-hurler,
Night closed my windows and
The sky became a crystal house
Praise, they that will, times past: I joy to see
Myself now live; this age best pleaseth me!The Spring-time, O the Spring-time!
Who does not know it well?
The time I like best is 6am
when the snow is 6 inches deep
The time I've lost in wooing,
In watching and pursuing
The time when first I fell in love,
Which now I must lament;
They say that 'time assuages,'--
Time never did assuage;
Time against Time
My life is somewhere lost
Time and time again
we rise and fall
Time and time again,
lives in every plane.
Time and time and time
again
jail time, heroin time,
back alley shuffle time,
Each day I wait,
Each time I cry,
Time by Time
Bide your time
It was my shame, and now it is my boast,
That I have loved you rather more than most.The seasons always come around;
For time cannot be interrupted
Times gives life meaning and sustenance, so we're all
somewhat on common ground, so life doesn't confound.
Time flows
Like the perennial river
Like the ghost of a dear friend dead
Is Time long past.
You teach me the art of life,
to endure the sudden strife.
It was not in the Winter
Our loving lot was cast;
Unfathomable Sea! whose waves are years,
Ocean of Time, whose waters of deep woe
On the wide level of a mountain's head,
(I knew not where, but 'twas some faery place)
My mirror tries to convince me that I’m old.
Yet I have a fresh face I’m told.
Not made of matter
Always present without figure..
I have floated on the water
of my life with time.
Time is on my side, yes, it is.
Time is on my side, yes, it is.
Time  time  time
Make time, give time, take time out
Time, time, time, time,
Sometimes I don't know how to make use of it
A birdie with a yellow bill
Hopped upon my window sill,
Time has no conclusion
it will never terminate
A solid rock may
Look stationary
Time time time time
You flow in your tides
While fates permit us, let's be merry;
Pass all we must the fatal ferry;
It doesn’t matter what’s the cause,
What wrong they say we’re righting,
Red Rose, proud Rose, sad Rose of all my days!
Come near me, while I sing the ancient ways:
Gather ye rose-buds while ye may:
Old Time is still a-flying;
To think of time--of all that retrospection!
To think of to-day, and the ages continued henceforward!
Tributes must be paid from time to time;
Half the yield should be given to me.
Out of the mud two strangers came
And caught me splitting wood in the yard,
Eternity is like unto a Ring.
Time, like to Measure, doth it self extend;
Time was upon
The wing, to fly away;
WARBLE me now, for joy of Lilac-time,
Sort me, O tongue and lips, for Nature's sake, and sweet life's
Was there a time when dancers with their fiddles
In children's circuses could stay their troubles?
When He ordered me to pray at once,
I left the bed,
Time is something we don't understand,
It's gone with a hello and a shake of the hand.
Late lies the wintry sun a-bed,
A frosty, fiery sleepy-head;
Some say life is beautiful
some say its sad.
“Right Place - Right Time” “Wrong Place – Wrong Time”
We all end up there
just now, today
and for a moment, thus
Today I looked at you
and got the feeling that
Forget today my tired soul
imagine you never said those destructive words
God is
Love...
Today is a good day to be happy
The sun's brightly shinning,
I saw a reason to smile today
when I saw a butterfly flutter its wings around my way.
It was a year ago today
We went our seperate ways
We saw you last a year ago today.
A harsh November wind blew wild and cold;
I saw her by the bus stop
and she glanced  my way
They came from the lower levels
Deep down in the Brilliant mine;
Today is that day
not on  the calendar,
Today is your big birthday. You're finally a ''teen''.
You'll always be my baby, I can't help how you're seen.
i delight in
days like today
If you saw the film 'Four Weddings and a Funeral'
you'd have been moved maybe to tears
An Easter flower cuts light into the sill
The sound of suffering is forever still.
I think I've been in love with you
Since the dawn of love first bloomed
God has truly blessed me today
I open the door of this house
Our ride
Through life
Hush'd be the camps today,
And soldiers let us drape our war-worn weapons,
i almost robbed a bank today
i stood in line and while i waited
i am the hoodie you pass on the street
i am the one you dread to meet
223
I Came to buy a smile—today—
today nothing is the same
though I thought
I didn't go to church today,
I trust the Lord to understand.
I feel like a protesting mood today. Consecutive Governments all over the world are eroding our rights away one by one. We must not do this and we must not do that.
A good case in point is the smoking ban, well that has just got way out of hand. I agree no smoking in places where we eat, but now the idiots wants to ban you smoking in your own car! Now that is stretching it a bit too far. It makes you wonder what part of cloud cuckoo land their ideas come from.
Searching through the attic
I was completely caught off guard
I hate the world today and hate myself in everyway
I hate the person that I have become
529
I'm sorry for the Dead—Today—
I saw a butterfly today
Small and green with no wings
I thought it would rain today
sky hanging low & threatening
I went home today
And it was a big surprise; Buildings got in the way
"Beep-beep.
BANKERS TRUST AUTOMOBILE LOAN
If I were twenty-one today,
I think I'd dance the night away.
If I were to die today...
Forever im my heart your love would stay.
If Jesus was born today
it would be in a downtown motel
bulldog faced
bulldozed, face
26
It's all I have to bring today—
Just for today I will open my eyes and thank the Universe for one more day
Just for today I will look in the mirror and find one thing I like about myself
Life is confusing
When your heart is sad;
Small joys adorned my life.
Flowers against the wind
Love your head
Love your  face
639
My Portion is Defeat—today—
They tell me that euphoria is the feeling of feeling wonderful,
well, today I feel euphorian,
I thought she was here to stay?
but my baby seems to have gone away.
I saw a dear friend’s invitation,
I saw words like Christmas lights,
Open your eyes and you will see,
Just how beautiful our earth can be.
“In the past those whom you love
................don’t ever die.”
The racist cloaks his loathing thoughts
behind deceiving eyes
The family norm is small and risks are high;
The busy parents pamper, pet and spoil;
A billion mouths has India to now feed,
And provide them with all that they may need;
The world I live in is not good at all;
I rarely find a human being good;
God, thwart the moves of men with minds insane;
Their corruption has reached enormous heights;
My mind is sick to see the state of things,
That happen here in clumsy manner still!
People with intact eyes, yet appear blind;
Peop1e with alert ears seem not to hear;
Lo, when I see a new obituary,
Untimed demise of one of great repute;
Oh, to what has this world come to, these days?
Nations expanding nuclear arsenals!
What ails the modern world’s community?
Men live without peace, love and harmony;
The world around look so topsy-turvy!
Nothing is permanent or ultimate;
Behold a beggar playing sad a tune!
By heart, on his own poor, old harmonium;
The modern world’s one main disease is stress!
The kind of life we lead, can most depress;
Believing in
more of who
lonely as a dry and used orchard
spread over the earth
I came home this morning
after saying goodbye to a ghost.
316
The Wind didn't come from the Orchard—today—
Today's Marathon Day here in London.
An unpleasant image strikes me:
Today a windy Monday,
brisk, businesslike  north wind,
Today is the day I bury you
It will be a sad day, oh but then again
Today I lit a candle,
In memory of you,
Today I looked at you
Studied every angle of your face
Today I saw a Hedgehog
A funny looking thing
There was a time when
I thought that our love was failing.
today I went down on your body
while windows were thick white eyes
Today I will go once again
Into life, into haggling, into market,
Today is just another day
Of highs and lows
Today was the day everything went on its way
progress in love, work and Religion what a day
Today is Sunday.
For the first time they took me out into the sun today.
Today is the day for finding things again.
Tom Tiddler gives out pennies in his grove
So you think, today might be the day
It might be, it might be not?
Test inscribe on sheets of trees
Images scanning
(inspired by John Latham's art, 'The N-U Niddrie Heart')
I  awoke in a stream of rays,
If ever there were a spring day so perfect, so uplifted by a warm intermittent breezeToday is the day I put yesterday out of my mind
Today is the day I take back my heart and soul
Today
My alarm clock failed to ring
But the sun also rises
towards yet another day
This is To-day, a child in white and blue
Running to meet me out of Night who stilled
a tender breeze touches my skin
a horrible pain it's bringing
Today she got her license.
She now thinks she's all grown.
They strapped them on so long ago
they're now a part of me.
crashing thoughts against the additive glow
of evening..watching time sing between the foggy stars
today was the worse in a long time
all I wanted to do was cry
We are writing today many verses
By command and grace of God,
I love you not because what you are
but also for your deep love and thoughts for me
Two years ago today it was the last time we saw each other
From that day on I never left you side
What a wild wind today
in Wimbledon Park,
Here is an uplifting thought,
Greater than some problems we have now rought!
With tears they buried you to-day,
But well I knew no turf could hold
The gold-hoarder walked in his palace park and with him walked his troubles. And over his head hovered worries as a vulture hovers over a carcass, until he reached a beautiful lake surrounded by magnificent marble statuary.
He sat there pondering the water which poured from the mouths of the statues like thoughts flowing freely from a lover's imagination, and contemplating heavily his palace which stood upon a knoll like a birth-mark upon the cheek of a maiden. His fancy revealed to him the pages of his life's drama which he read with falling tears that veiled his eyes and prevented him from viewing man's feeble additions to Nature.
Only fools live in the future
only the regretful
Dodgy Dave deserves a break today.
He's writing so fast, his fingers are whittling away.
The recruiter called today
for my oldest child.
Let us picnic together in Strawberry Fields
my delightful, melodious girl;
When you arrive, ring then knock,
we talk a little and I can feel
this is the breakfast that we cannot eat together a fish fried in an oil
with so much heat, like ' who cares? ' a rice not well cooked which says ' it is the maid again! ' a coffee which has gone cold which says ' you come late again! ' a egg which is not sunny side up a ham that does not roll a dirty table with an unwashed table cloth which says 'change it yourself! '
We need not snow,
Or electrical glow.
Let us spend a few moments together,
the holidays won’t last for ever,
Speaking of marvels, I am alive
together with you, when I might have been
My mommy told me an' the teacher told me, too,
There's all kinds of work that I can do:
Alone together in the darkness
I can hear your heart beat
Up in the sky
I wonder why
Amos 3: 3, 'Can 2 walk together, except they be agreed? '
Main problem in the world today is too much controversy,
I see him as I walk in.
I see him looking at me.
Beautiful are the days when we used to be together,
beautiful will be the days again when we will be together,
Love.
Indeed the strongest word ever.
What we use to do.
And what we now can find no time,
Can u hear the squeals of laughter,
the laugh i laughed when i was a little girl?
I hung the decorations
and I trimmed the christmas tree.
My children
come together
Let's go over the cliff together,
Holding hands, laughing.
In the steamer is the trout
seasoned with slivers of ginger,
Family comes together
For always and forever
It was over fifty years ago
They met and something clicked
nine minutes and thirty seven seconds
was the time it took for her to fire up her temper and car
He's often sad, rarely smiles for a reason,
He’s always numb, even in the summer season.
The net has united what civil commerce could not join -
Frost laboring twenty years for a two bill tip
In this world of bitter ends,
Long lost letter to a friend:
I am glad you came into my life
At a time when I was lugubrious
Neither the sun at noon
Or the soft breeze at dusk
I want to laugh together with God
So I can teach the people here on earth how
I.
I said---Then, dearest, since 'tis so,
Let us you and me be together
living in happiness
Let us sing together, Love
I want you to drown in my songs, Love
Take me away with you my love
Let us go far away where the world is silent
I know I'm not alone
lets take a stand
Come join me now in prayer my friend
Unite our souls in praise
God’s bidding all before His throne
In spite of spot and flaw
The quiet moon in its entire splendor
Sails across the starlit sky so tender
Why does mankind hate people based on religion and race?
Is it ignorance, education, or governments deciding our place.
The fisherman has caught a frog...
The poor cried:
I am not like you,
And you are just like that.
Admire those who stood with beliefs undaunted.
Those who did not choose to flaunt correctness.
You say you don't understand,
What it is I am trying to convey?
Someone put me back together!
I seem to be falling all apart!
you have my heart and i have yours
i dream about you and you dream about me too.
The old, oak tree stands firm,
So full of historical memories
For many, many days together
The wind blew steady from the East;
We arrived at our home that night separately in the same car.
He needed to speak.
Sleeping together... how tired you were...
How warm our room... how the firelight spread
His eyes are fixated on her soul
Her scent lingers on his clothes
It was as if my trusted hand
had sought and reached autonomy
Like a Captain and a Sinking Ship
Like a baby on Mamma's Tit
that beach where we sit together
beside the sea
Joy
In the birdsong
His women were too mean to be his queen
And too good to be his concubine.
There were church bells ringing
and the sound of their beautiful music attracted
(From Her Point of View)
When I had firmly answered 'No',
I.
I said---Then, dearest, since 'tis so,
I sit here, an arch-villain of romance,
thinking about you. Gee, I'm sorry
It is very hard for me
To piece together a hundred dreams
This road is always an easy road at the beginning,
but time has a funny way of turning things around. The
together and forever
best friends forever
We're together...
But apart!
That exciting moment was finally here, we didn't have to wait any more
It's a girl I heard the doctor say, the joy in my heart cannot be described
Together forever
In life
“Be quick and give your chocolate kid
Or else you’ll feel my toe
We will hold hands together
Laugh and smile together
We rise together, up into the sky,
We join together, watch the world pass by.
My inability to fluctuate causes me to dissipate
Transient in nature but stolid in form
together through thick and thin
together till the end
When I see the world, for you
When you became the world to me
Splashing along the boggy woods all day,
And over brambled hedge and holding clay,
Under the moonlight
Together we'll lie
come together and be one.
come together and forget
Together We Await The Storm
This storm of love
There is no place or grace, for all the human race
The race of will, to race and kill
There is not a stone that cannot be hauled,
There is not a crisis that cannot be solved.
hate burns and ruins you
save yourself, none will save you
If you are not sure what you are looking for...
What makes you think you are going to find it,
It seems the church is in a mess
This fact is nothing new
Spiritual growth in truth you’ll see
I’ll meet your every need
I could never be without you in our lives,
Because you are our life.
Long back
When you were you
We
Are
There's must be some hard times
As we're learning to give and to share.
We Gather Together...
We gather together...
We go out together into the staring town
And buy cheese and bread and little jugs with
WE have been friends together,
In sunshine and in shade;
We'll have a get together for to welcome the new year
And Jill will bring some sausages and John a slab of beer
If ever two were one, then surely we.
If ever man were lov'd by wife, then thee.
The hour is falling free
Into the reflections
WE two boys together clinging,
One the other never leaving,
We
Will
I plunk at a beach,
silence herein,
Death is a horrible fate,
But in death everyone can relate.
If it isn't about me
Nor is this about you...
When we are together,
we forget about the world
when we were here together in a place we did not know, nor one
another.
Work Together*
Every creature on earth has feelings no matter the age
We work together
We work as one
I am bored
With love
We  play  together
We  laugh  together,
In the road, a car.
In the car, a poet.
angkor wat
granny climbs top sanctuary
apsara dancers
so quiet and forlorn
Call it a curse, call the thousand years a curse
these temples were made to last ten thousand years
up the path
to the mountain temple
bayon smiles
from high up
bayon smiles
from high up
Confined he was to the greenwood tree
Sky was the roof of his home rent free
IF to her eyes' bright lustre I were blind,
No longer would they serve my life to gild.
This Earth has witnessed so many wonders in the past;
Also, relics of the past say so many incredible stories;
I lie awake each night
Staring at the ceiling
There are too many waterfalls here; the crowded streams
hurry too rapidly down to the sea,
There are many roads we travel
And probably most we leave behind
SWALLOWS travel to and fro,
And the great winds come and go,
A poem moves forward,
Like the passages and percussions of trains in progress
What a thrill it is to travel
Perhaps in a different country
He slammed the hood down,
was like a judge with a gavel.
When you travel ‘cross the country
You see along the roadways
Denali National Park
his camera makes me
Black Hills water
the fishtoo out
antarctic excursion
the new split edge of
Arches National Park
frozen in their dance
Australia Touring Music Festival
the kiwis waltz and
australian shortbreak
from my brother's bag
Baja Mexico
the whales are appetisers
Charm City
traffic to crab cake market
Botswana's Okavango Delta
a baby elephant trumpets
let your hair down she says
it's  time to put some sense
Cayman Island drinking holidays
everywhere - water, beer
East and West Berlin
all the stones taken down
lift your skirt
thump your feet to the waves
Georgia Aquarium
a giant stingray flaps its way
Great Smoky Mountains
Winding down the path too
Great Smoky Mountains
he says his passion for her
grenada escapade
its trails take my legs
Pink Sand Beach yoga
on and on I chant with the sea
Roatan
going bananas
Ibiza's summer
here comes a tidal wave
Lake Powell Cruise
between the narrow canyons
lake tahoe
the mountains and water
London's Marylebone
we do a quiet reunion
La Samanna
the waitor helps put my hand
boomerang
memories of australia
Earth Day 2008
heating up, the call
nevada
we thought we were
new orleans
city sings
Eleuthera Bahamas
the guide warns about a heaven
Outer Banks
miles and miles and miles
Evans Pelican Inn
from a prewar beach house
Ramon Crater arrival
our overflowing sweat and beer
rhapsody of the seas
my bed vibrates to the  tune
Río Camuy Cave Park
taino indians' paintings and carvings
Saint Patrick's Day
the irish brothers who never let us
Santa Barbara
ripened grapes outdo
Santo Domingo
a dark skinned columbus
Shark Island
run down places echo each
no barrier
corals, fishes, urchins
Cape Town
as drunken and lost
South Africa's great wines
these sour grapes over
st paddy's day
dublin distills its best
St Thomas
Blue Water Sailing School
songkran
between shivers their
making me feel
on top of the world
Great Wall
galloping over the mountains
White House Easter Egg Roll
a bushy saddam
Turquoise Coast
the Mediterannean sighs
Las Fallas
all eyes afired as michael goes
Vieques nirvana
the waves sweeps  back the peace
White Mountain hike
our breathing expansive
vinginia beach winter
excitement of whales
YYellowstone National Park
over the snow, echoes
the bombs have scared
the tourists away.
Shibuya fashion centre
Hachiko shows loyalty
mount fuji photo session
she makes up her face as
oh on! the golden buddha
is at the same level
take a dash of light blue
and let it run into two dashes of white
do you want a lady?
do you want a lady? ?
I travel far and wide
throughout the world to
The railroad track is miles away,
And the day is loud with voices speaking,
I should like to rise and go
Where the golden apples grow;--
Travel!
Do not hesitate
singapore night safari
we go looking for lion
resorts world at sentosa
a blast  for
Lion City
our admiration tails
putting us solidly
on top of the sky
Singapore Gallery
where we stand taller
the singapore i love is
when the city holds up
‘COME, before the summer passes
Let us seek the mountain land:’
The other day I met a tramp
His hair was wet, his clothes looked damp
so much more interesting
but never exhibited - how
a 'grand' way to remember
Yuanshan Grand Hotel?
the insects too
are trying to be higher
Jim Thompson House
the house too
a 20 something japanese lady ogled
the whole time at the stage, a ring
If to Russia you have great need to go
There is much more buried there than snow
Saigon War Museum
burnt hole ridden children clothes
still standing tall
to inspire  -
sre,
I want to go to Hongkong
your travel
you traveled.....and left me.....
Another Tale of the Vicar Dodgy Dave
and how he finally caught a soul to save
There was peace
before there was war
Within themselves, they hold
more than any man or woman should be asked to hold;
see that woman
flung over her son's dead body
Too young to know the horrors of a war  I've fought,
too young to know war's fear, or yearn for heroism,
when peace is forever,
why war?
These timeless scenes of war,
of the people leaving their homes,
with Dracula
I've a date tonight
I have looked into history,
and seen a field.
FOR one throb of the artery,
While on that old grey stone I Sat
The war will change many things in art and life, and among them, it is to be hoped, many of our own ideas as to what is, and what is not, "intellectual."
Thou, whose deep ways are in the sea,
Awake, arise, the hour is come,
For rows and revolutions;
A war of words, a war of words
Only in their simplicity we can afford
I see the soldiers marching on
Singing a cold war song
Prepare, prepare the iron helm of war,
Bring forth the lots, cast in the spacious orb;
The insanity of each battle,
And people attack each other
I
Last year I called this world of gain-givings
I
Last year I called this world of gain-givings
Soldiers commit suicide
In far-off distant lands
The Children of War are like little flowers trampled,
Young and innocent, fragile and helpless,
OH, would I resembled
The country girls fair,
Do not weep, maiden, for war is kind.
Because your lover threw wild hands toward the sky
A half-hour more and you will lean
To gather me close in the old sweet way--
'Doway, doway', the soldier shouted,
moving them on with much impatience,
NOUGHT more accursed in war I know
Than getting off scot-free;
AMONGST THE HIGHLY PLACED
It is considered low to talk about food.
SHE turn’d the fair page with her fairer hand—
More fair and frail than it was wont to be—
Among the blight-killed eucalypts, among
trees and bushes rusted by Christmas frosts,
In spite of war, in spite of death,
In spite of all man's sufferings,
Cave, Cave, Deus Videt
(Beware, Beware, God Sees Thee)
To Alan Mitchell
Vixi duellis nuper idoneus
THE CHANCELLOR mused as he nibbled his pen
(Sure no Minister ever looked wiser),
Lovers all are soldiers, and Cupid has his campaigns:
I tell you, Atticus, lovers all are soldiers.
MY hovering thoughts would fly to heaven
And quiet nestle in the sky,
I
Ancestral Houses
Memorial day for the war dead.  Add now
the grief of all your losses to their grief,
Looking out across the land,
I see a sight that is not so grand.
When I was four I crossed the road
To pick some flowers growing wild
Last year we fought by the head-stream of the Sang-kan,
This year we are fighting on the Tsung-ho road.
Today, while yet the rumour filled the street,
I left your faces troubled with the thought
The whole green sky is dying.The last tree flares
With a great burst of supernatural rose
I THINK it better that in times like these
A poet's mouth be silent, for in truth
Well I have and in fact
more than one and I'll
Snow is a strange white word.
No ice or frost
Great God, whom heav'n, and earth, and sea.
With all their countless hosts, obey,
Now light the candles; one; two; there’s a moth;
What silly beggars they are to blunder in
He was the sort of man
who wouldn't hurt a fly.
Presented with glamor
Fire and fury of war
Ho! is there any will ride with me,
Sir Giles, le bon des barrières?
In fifty years, when peace outshines
Remembrance of the battle lines,
Mine eye and heart are at a mortal war
How to divide the conquest of thy sight;
I feel the Spring far off, far off,
The faint far scent of bud and leaf--
When your rationale for going to war
turns out to be false,
"Tell brave deeds of war."
Then they recounted tales, --
'Twas in the year of 1874, and on New Year's Day,
The British Army landed at Elmina without dismay,
WRITTEN FOR LORADO TAFT'S STATUE OF BLACK HAWK AT OREGON, ILLINOIS
To be given in the manner of the Indian Oration and the Indian War-Cry.
1917
For here lay the excellent wisdom of him that built Mansoul, that the walls could never be broken down nor hurt by the most mighty adverse potentate unless the townsmen gave consent thereto. --Bunyan's Holy War.
I came to join a 'Peace Force,
To stop fighting, murder, war.
You young friskies who today
Jump and fight in Father’s hay
War's a joke for me and you,
Wile we know such dreams are true.
I.
Yonder, with eyes that tears, not distance, dim,
O living pictures of the dead,
O songs without a sound,
Reflections on the poet's youth. An apostrophe to Selma. Oscar obtains leave to go to Inis-thona, an island of Scandinavia. The mournful story of Argon and Ruro, the two sons of the king of Inis-thona. Oscar revenges their death, and returns in triumph to Selma. A soliloquy by the poet himself.
Our youth is like the dream of the hunter on the hill of heath. He sleeps in the mild beams of the sun: he awakes amidst a storm; the red lightning flies around: trees shake their heads to the wind! He looks back with joy on the day of the sun, and the pleasant dreams of his rest! When shall Ossian's youth return? When his ear delight in the sound of arms? When shall I, like Oscar, travel in the light of my steel? Come with your streams, ye hills of Cona! listen to the voice of Ossian. The song rises, like the sun, in my soul. I feel the joys of other times.
The child abuse has been the war of the children
It is going on for too long in a world like this
The mountain sheep are sweeter,
But the valley sheep are fatter;
There was crimson clash of war.
Lands turned black and bare;
I
They gave us a war that nobody wanted
A cloud has lowered that shall not soon pass o'er.
The world takes sides: whether for impious aims
It doesn’t matter what’s the cause,
What wrong they say we’re righting,
THOU who hast slept all night upon the storm,
Waking renew'd on thy prodigious pinions,
Oh, not the loss of the accomplished thing!
Not dumb farewells, nor long relinquishment
Brothers and sisters all over here fighting
Got me thinking so much now im writing
"This war is a terrible thing," he said,
"With its countless numbers of needless dead;
War is Peace
Peace is War
War is never over
Thought the treaties may be signed
Remembered
A nation born from war, for the “purpose” of establishing freedom
Over at the river's bank
stands my buddy, Mellow Frank,
Break off! Dance no more!
Danger is at the door.
An account of books 16-19 of the Iliad by Homer.
Down on your knees, Achilles.  Farther down.
I'm into mental sparring -
Catharsis for the soul,
worlds
worlds
Depression is a fight
Or a flight
ague and fight
Bark and bite
A naked child is running
along the path toward us,
Where has the dreamer gone?
Off to war.
War not really sure what Im fighting for
But what I know is I want war no more
Three little letters a simple anagram of raw,
but the outcome is Death Devastation, Sorrow.
To Ezra Pound
These are the names of the companies that have made
They say our world is truly round
and that the borders are not real,
War. And war some more.
War. And war some more.
In anguish we uplift
A new unhallowed song:
Remember the Glories of Brien the Brave
Remember the glories of Brien the brave,
Roland cannot go to school,
his brother needs the trousers,
Some remnant living in muscle memory
is pressed, dressed and polished each time
...........................................War! War! War!
...................................Is all that people talk about.
war...war...war...
war can kill, war can be killed
When in the course of human events, we choose to go to war, why do we choose to do what we do.
In the interest of a lasting peace,
We women teach our little sons how wrong
And how ignoble blows are; school and church
War
As war is fought it takes charge,
It's been forty eight years since I went away,
I really wanted to go, to help my country in
Semantics say much of what humans have created for communication with themselves and others. They only need to dissect and de-vowel, apply given nouns to their chosen adjectives. Some making more sense than when construed to define innocent verbiage of denial and with encoded killing purpose of intent.
Acceleration makes haste where risk is taken to achieve wasteful goals that reach far beyond the muscle and brawn of evolved human male ability. Life is often said to be short and so we've created many means to live it in the proverbial fast lane, crashing into all others who get in their, each other's way.
STRUCTURE & FORM IN POETRY.  Classical Poetry always has Structure even though it does not always rhyme. The Structure gives it metere and flow which facilitates reading and recitation. In my book - recitability is an essential character of a good Poem! . A lesser know Poetical Structure is RHYME ROYAL which inposes a strict metre (usually imabic pentameter)   and a strict rhyming pattern a b a b b c c. Each verse must consist of seven lines. The number of verses is optional!  As an Environmental Scientist I am concerned with the Conservation of Water which is the subject of this Rhyme Royal
Whence comes this water that we need for life?
In a great deal of discomfort and pain.
having to stand after boarding the train.
Life is difficult for so many people
Now and back through the ages
The world is mostly water, but                                         Do each of us get a drop of water                                       In a glass of water anytime and anywhere?                               We're thirsty because we can not get                                     Just a drop of water in a glass of water!                               Some people have a lot of pure water in                                    Pretty tanks and in pretty bottles of water and                           There are some people who die because they're thirsty                             And they can not get even a drop of water!                                       It's a shame upon the whole world because some                            They get the best water and some die because of                               Lack of water anytime, anywhere, and everywhere!                               Where is the water we want? Where is the H2O?                                Life is useless with water! The pretty lands will                            Die, the animals will die, and we will die without water!                 A drop plus another drop equal two pretty drops and so on, but            Where are the other pretty drops that heaven drop to us!                       Life is going to die if we don't take care of our water on the           Surface of our pretty earth and everything around us!                   We will die if we don't keep our water well because of a lot of            Troubles arising from our mistakes and global warming!As I stood upon the brink of life
And looked into the murky depths
See him hover, over river and pond
just like a fairy waving a wand. He looks
1     Flow gently, sweet Afton, among thy green braes,
2     Flow gently, I'll sing thee a song in thy praise;
The Milky Way was curled and curdled in the sky tonight
when on the shore I heard the waves crash down;
Like The Goddess of the Sea
Like A Mermaid In Heaven
'Be like water, my friend, be like water,
Don’t be rigid; just go with a flow...'
Cool earthenware pot
holding water as if it were
Alembics turn to stranger things
Strange things, but never while we live
Far to the Northward there lies a land,
A wonderful land that the winds blow over,
Diving,
into clear water.
Down in the water
by the edge of the river
The night smoothes out its black tarp,
tacks it to the sky with stars.
Thou water turn'st to wine, fair friend of life,
Thy foe, to cross the sweet arts of thy reign,
If memory serves:
there was a dark pool in my dreams
Water is blah
My doctor says aha
Ducks bobbing on the water--
are they also, tonight,
Red Muscadel – I know it will give a
headache tomorrow, but since my
Me, very fishy, unable to understand water
Move about in search of an answer
Leave more for others to follow...
than footprints in the water.The well was dry beside the door,
And so we went with pail and can
Gray light sparkles off the water,
It lands in my eye as I look across the Lake.
mist
gathering water
Reflecting water
Entwine memory pictures
Sometimes we get in hot water
over things we say inadvertently.
Just dont taste good.
Whats wrong-number one water.
Here on the surface of the sun
Its hard to remember what you were concerned over
After the people went away,
Jesus chose another way,
‘To understand all
is to forgive all ‘ –
October is pregnant with November owls, smells of holidays
Wreathing round tables, windows.
For all men who hunger and thirst, let Jesus, in your life be first,
He will from a fountain higher, come fill our heart’s every desire.
Suspended above
Time
How, in such moment of time,
Doth thou come unto me,
My water ski, she is a beauty
Now she’s painted bright red and black
The evening is festooned with golden clouds
the fairies dance in the meadow
The sound of bank and water is all I hear,
The sad resignation of a weeping spring
In unexperienced infancy
Many a sweet mistake doth lie:
Palms in hand
closed tightly fitting right into
You go to a beach
and one of the first things you do
Now the stock have started dying, for the Lord has sent a drought;
But we're sick of prayers and Providence -- we're going to do without;
Summer water streams
Through pigmented airy dreams
A serious moment for the water is
when it boils
Now two have met, now two have met,
Who may not meet again—
It has always puzzled me
That the most important liquid
THE LANGUAGE OF WATER
You wait by the lake
I HEARD the old, old men say,
'Everything alters,
Not knowing how to swim
I became an expert
THE SUN stepped down from his golden throne,
And lay in the silent sea,
Your hands
caress the clay
1     With what deep murmurs through time's silent stealth
2     Doth thy transparent, cool, and wat'ry wealth
Little brown surf-bather of the mountains!
Spirit of foam, lover of cataracts, shaking your wings in falling waters!
I sit and stare at this empty page,
The wind howls long at the winter eaves,
Deeply into this ocean before me stare
that I might learn and learning be released.
SHY one, Shy one,
Shy one of my heart,
Reach with your whiter hands to me
Some crystal of the spring;
The water is the fish's element;
Take her from thence, none can her death prevent;
This flint, time out of mind, has there abode,
Where crystal streams make their continual road.
modern day in the shade
feels like hazy, blue, pouring rain
I can see that
water frog
When there is no water there is danger
When there is excess water there is danger,
Just not wet anymore.
Won't work as a door stop.
135
Water, is taught by thirst.
If you have forgotten water lilies floating
On a dark lake among mountains in the afternoon shade,
As I quietly enter
The portals of the Habitat center,
No thorns, limbs sashay longly, cheetah
walk toward
My whole life is mine, but whoever says so
will deprive me, for it is infinite.
The words are a beautiful music.
The words bounce like in water.
water
need
Water Nymph come swim with me,
in the deepest valleys of the sea.
Oh! water for me-bright water for me!
And wine for the tremulous debauchee!
Save Water
Free Verse Poem
In the pond in the park
all things are doubled:
Water still, water deep, how many secrets do you keep?
We look upon your surface calm, and feel the peace that is a balm.
The spirit of life,
spreads everywhere,
You sway
Like my emotions
Water is pure,
Water is natural,
Everything on the earth bristled, the bramble
pricked and the green thread
water the world
before anything
I am the contrails in the sky
Transporting your love to my heart-felt joy
The river
has not entered the house yet.
Let me drink water
I know water is
Water water every where but not a dropp to spare,
It’s time to stop and really think
Water Water Everywhere
Water water everywhere and not a drop to drink
Water, water everywhere,
And not a drop to drink.
Water, water you’re good for me
You help me hydrate and make me pee
Water water water
Where there is water
‘Water' seems a fitting title
of this rhyme on something vital
Water water The Ganges water
Flows from You
Water water turbulent water
No water in future
Water for life
to quench thirst
Water water water and water
Give me water in this hot summer.
What a girl called "the dailiness of life"
(Adding an errand to your errand.  Saying,
The water
is flowing
Old Noah he had an ostrich farm and fowls on the largest scale,
He ate his egg with a ladle in a egg-cup big as a pail,
You would be meandering by
Wasting your while
I am water
Sometimes solid...you can always depend on
She asked her a few questions
Shuffled the cards
A process in the weather of the heart
Turns damp to dry; the golden shot
On such a cloudy day why you are far away?
Lightning is writing in sky what I want to say
It isn't the foe that we fear;
It isn't the bullets that whine;
Naked TV dinners
: the remains of...
At sea I learned the weather,
At sea I learned to know
Scorching sun may
Push us to stop and turn
Fountains that frisk and sprinkle
The moss they overspill;
It's a Northern winter wonderland
Happy couples walking hand in hand
Dear Love, where the red lilies blossomed and grew
The white snows are falling;
But the weather is becoming more hospitable
in this part of the worldSunshine and Roses they make us smile-
As do the soft Springs blossoming trees-
------
wet morning
It rained and drenched the waiting night,
Heavy torrents did it pour;
Weather is changing again…
Summer is slowly giving way to winter,
Do you barely see,
the sun in the sky,
To-day, fair Thisbe, winsome girl!
Strays o'er the meads where daisies blow,
Glancing out our western window, toward the Ocean beyond some hills,
I see, near sundown, a layering of assorted clouds, like alternating color spills;
Do not ever, ever, ever
ask an Englishman about the weather.
The warm front
of my laughter
This level reach of blue is not my sea;
Here are sweet waters, pretty in the sun,
Once a favorite conversation piece,
now something more like a disease.
Walking in the rain
Catching the raindrops
A glimmer of spring recedes,
as winter rebounds towards furor
It is true that, older than man and ages to outlast him, the Pacific surf
Still cheerfully pounds the worn granite drum;
Bursts from a rending East in flaws
The young green leaflet's harrier, sworn
W HEN misty, misty mornings come,
When wild geese low are flying,
I grew. Foul weather, dreams, forebodings
Were bearing me - a Ganymede -
There is one thing about Montana
That always fascinates me
Weather Forecast in Kabul.
Rain in Kabul, the weather woman on TV said.
A sheet of wet curls lay over her face
she'd been drenched by the downpour
Every thing changes
Changes the face of relations
'Tis Christmas weather, and a country house
Receives us: rooms are full: we can but get
Man chisels, sculpts the mountain-sides by hand;
Man cuts granite blocks off by huge machines;
I've got you.
You've got me.
O suns and skies and clouds of June,
And flowers of June together,
★ October's Bright Blue Weather
☆ Poetry by Helen Hunt Jackson
And were it for thy profit, to obtain
All sunshine?  No vicissitude of rain?
Is it as plainly in our living shown,
By slant and twist, which way the wind has blown?Th'imprison'd winds slumber within their caves
Fast bound: the fickle vane, emblem of change,
The sun is annoyed with the earth
that so he is not seen throughout
like poetry
life isn't about explanation
It’s raining ouside – survival weather, saving our lives
but overcast weather makes me feel bad, I need the
Easy it is to receive a bright sunny day,
To then say what events could have been prevented.
Fallen leaves come in                                                 That pretty Fall anywhere and                                         Everywhere...                                                        Fallen snows come in                                                  That wonderful Winter anywhere and                                    Everywhere...                                                        All pretty blossoms come in                                           That great Spring anywhere and                                        Everywhere...                                                        All pretty fruits come in                                             That fabulous Summer anywhere and                                     Everywhere...                                                        Four different seasons with                                           Four different outcomes...                                           All seasons produce what we need                                      Just to make our life great and                                       Pretty anytime, anywhere, and everywhere...                           This is the real seasons' weather forecast...                        _________________________________________________ _____________________The weather has gotten very nasty
And it's causing a lot of heartache.
A beautiful day
Sun’s shining, birds are singing
My dog lay asleep by the window
lost in dreams of drizzle,
It was raining
in the kitchen.
Dear sister, you have no idea
About  the weather here
There's an angry rainstorm brewing,
I can feel it in the air;
When outside the icy rain
Comes leaping helter-skelter,
The storm rolls over
Tormenting the earth below
Fire in jagged ribbons ripping groundward
With belated drumbeats echoes of past passage
I love to look at the clouds above
They tell a story, don't you think?
Severe storm winds crash
leaving rubble in it's path
The wattlebirds calling on the flowering gum trees
On a beautiful day in mid Winter of around eighteen degrees
Reader! what soul that laoves a verse can see
The spring return, nor glow like you and me?
I think it's the places I've been
or the people I've known,
The night sobbed
Her heart-out - near fully,
Re: HEAT WAVE
Dear Sir, we've had enough.
The weather is perfect for running.
I think that I'll go for a jog.
The Weather Maker reigns above, creating all weather we speak of,
The One and Only True Creator, from both the poles to the equator,
The weather out is frozen
the weather out be chill
In Sydney today it's 20 degrees centigrade
Humidity is 94% and the light at 6: 21pm will fade
The weather vane
It crackled
The weather warming up a bit it's getting warm today
And people for the weekend will be heading for the bay
It will be raining all Day
with short intervals of showers
The sun it does seem to be struggling through the dark gray clouds for to shine
And though rain is in the weather forecast the day it is holding out fine
The first dark day of summer came sooner than I had hoped,
I took one look at it and just looked back at me
missing
forgetting
Louring heavy skies
Threaten rain.
Weather and woman
Same and unchanged.
as i look out the window
i see the sun rise
The sun is out but rain’s within
The future looks quite grey
Changing
Like wind that blows
There used to be winters before the weather became entertainment.
There was frost, rain, flooding and landslide one had to accept as norm,
The weather girl
Is a priceless pearl.
To truly know is to endure raw experiences
to sensitize each momentous moments agonies
THERE is a world of being
We range from pole to pole,
I
The August day you wake to takes you by surprise.
Once I dipt into the future far as human eye could see,
And I saw the Chief Forecaster, dead as any one can be--
All can a lesson learn from weather
The way cryptic tongues it can weather,
Dot a dot dot dot a dot dot
Spotting the windowpane.
Today the sun shines,
then some clouds,
The open window before me,
I look through and see,
It is a windy day.
The water's white with spray.
There is one thing we can’t avoid
And that, my friend, is weather
Weather stops me
running my nerves.
According to a place and time in the world
Depending upon the four sweasons of the year
Today it's raining cats and dogs,
Tomorrow it might be raining frogs.
The weather reports
there will be
whether the weather
is predictable or not
Severe storms, earthquakes and the like
Caused by Tesla technology aka HAARP
From murky
overcast sky
The leaves are blowing away
Up, up, and away they go.
Whether the weather be fine
Or whether the weather be not,
I, not
knowing then
Crisp Winter, final season of the year,
Comes suddenly when awesome Autumn's past
My face falls into my hands,
can't cope any more.
1
I understand the boredom of the clerks
Oh! dost thou flatter falsely, Hope?
The day hath scarcely passed that saw thy birth,
It isn't the foe that we fear;
It isn't the bullets that whine;
After the red leaf and the gold have gone,
Brought down by the wind, then by hammering rain
Crisply the bright snow whispered,
Crunching beneath our feet;
Above the marge of night a star still shines,
And on the frosty hills the sombre pines
I
The air is silent save where stirs
I think you know that this is winter day.
This time last year woodsmoke blew us away.
The night's drifts
Pile up below me and behind my back,
All night, all day, in dizzy, downward flight,
Fell the wild-whirling, vague, chaotic snow,
The winter wind is raving fierce and shrill
And chides with angry moan the frosty skies,
When biting Boreas, fell and doure,
Sharp shivers thro' the leafless bow'r;
My window-pane is starred with frost,
The world is bitter cold to-night,
Who shall declare the joy of the running!
Who shall tell of the pleasures of flight!
Some day, when trees have shed their leaves
And against the morning's white
The truth is dark under your eyelids.
What are you going to do about it?
All out of doors looked darkly in at him
Through the thin frost, almost in separate stars,
The half-stripped trees
struck by a wind together,
Three months bade wane and wax the wintering moon
Between two dates of death, while men were fain
AH! leave the smoke, the wealth, the roar
Of London, leave the bustling street,
Around the house the flakes fly faster,
And all the berries now are gone
Blow, blow, thou winter wind
Thou art not so unkind
Winter uses all the blues there are.
One shade of blue for water, one for ice,
So the winter now closed round them
With resistless fury. Scattering
It is winter in California, and outside
Is like the interior of a florist shop:
(The moons of December, January
and February were once known by our
[Supposed to be chanted to some rude instrument at a modern fireplace]
Chant we the story now
I love to see the old heath's withered brake
Mingle its crimpled leaves with furze and ling,
Ok, so I'm sorry.
Isn't that what you wanted to know?
First winter rain--
even the monkey
How strange to greet, this frosty morn,
In graceful counterfeit of flower,
In the glad springtime when leaves were green,
O merrily the throstle sings!
1     For weeks and weeks the autumn world stood still,
2         Clothed in the shadow of a smoky haze;
I WHO all the winter through
Cherished other loves than you,
1670
In Winter in my Room
Now winter nights enlarge
This number of their hours;
When first the fiery-mantled sun
His heavenly race begun to run;
When the light falls on winter evenings
And the river makes no sound in its passing
Summer fading, winter comes--
Frosty mornings, tingling thumbs,
Hello Winter, hello flanneled
blanket of clouds, clouds
The city is closing for the night.
Stores draw their blinds one by one,
The schoolboys still their morning ramble take
To neighboring village school with playing speed,
Now the ice lays its smooth claws on the sill,
The sun looks from the hill
"Delightful are trees and fields with the outgrowth of new tender-leaves and crops, Lodhra trees are with their blossomy flowers, crops of rice are completely ripened, but now lotuses are on their surcease by far, for the dewdrops are falling... hence, this is the time of pre-winter that drew nigh...
"The busts of flirtatious women that are graced by bosomy bosoms are bedaubed and reddened with the redness of heart-stealing saffrony skincare, called Kashmir kumkum, on which embellished are the white pendants that are in shine with the whiteness of whitish dewdrops, white jasmines, and whitely moon...
"Oh, dear with best thighs, heart-stealing is this environ with abundantly grown stacks of rice and their cobs, or with sugarcane, and it is reverberated with the screeches of ruddy gees that abide hither and thither... now heightened will be passion, thereby this season will be gladdening for lusty womenfolk, hence listen of this season, called Shishira, the Winter...
"At this time, people enjoy abiding in the medial places of their residences, whose ventilators are blockaded for the passage of chilly air, and at fireplaces, in sunrays, with heavy clothing, and along with mature women of age, for they too will be passionately steamy...
To the Memory of the Household It Describes
This Poem is Dedicated by the Author:
141
Some, too fragile for winter winds
How like a winter hath my absence been
From thee, the pleasure of the fleeting year!
When Winter snows upon thy golden hairs,
And frost of age hath nipt thy flowers near,
WHEN daisies pied and violets blue,
And lady-smocks all silver-white,
from an officer's diary during the last war
I
I
If seasons all were summers,
Oh, pretty girl, you have trapped
yourself in the wrong body.Twenty
Frosty-white and cold it lies
Underneath the fretful skies;
See! Winter comes, to rule the varied Year,
Sullen, and sad; with all his rising Train,
Today the world...
Landscaped in pen and ink by
THEE for my recitative!
Thee in the driving storm, even as now--the snow--the winter-day
There is one story and one story only
That will prove worth your telling,
Stay, season of calm love and soulful snows!
There is a subtle sweetness in the sun,
"Blow, blow, thou winter wind."
Away from here,
O Winter! bar thine adamantine doors:
The north is thine; there hast thou built thy dark
Although the roof is just a story high,
It dizzies me a little to look down.
Twice a week the winter thorough
Here stood I to keep the goal:
When the winter chrysanthemums go,
there's nothing to write about
The wintry west extends his blast,
And hail and rain does blaw;
Now when I have a cold
I am careful with my cold,
Dark frost was in the air without,
The dusk was still with cold and gloom,
To-night the very horses springing by
Toss gold from whitened nostrils. In a dream
When snow falls against the window,
Long sounds the evening bell...
Winter garden,
the moon thinned to a thread,
Sharp is the night, but stars with frost alive
Leap off the rim of earth across the dome.
Scene.--A wide stretch of fallow ground recently sown with wheat, and
frozen to iron hardness. Three large birds walking about thereon,
Sweet life! how lovely to be here
And feel the soft sea-laden breeze
LIKE the vulture
Who on heavy morning clouds
Within the circuit of this plodding life
There enter moments of an azure hue,
All night the wind swept over the house
And through our dream
I tell my secret? No indeed, not I:
Perhaps some day, who knows?
It snowed and snowed ,the whole world over,
Snow swept the world from end to end.
What is this feeling within my heart;
Concealed  by  daylight hours, in  a  shroud of taut restraint.
Winter! Oh dear our sweet winter,
You are our only lovely time hinter.
A wrinkled crabbed man they picture thee,
Old Winter, with a rugged beard as grey
Clouded with snow
The cold winds blow,
I am Winter, that do keep
Longing safe amidst of sleep:
When icicles hang by the wall
And Dick the shepherd blows his nail
Tomatoes rosy as perfect baby's buttocks,
eggplants glossy as waxed fenders,
Two evils, monstrous either one apart,
Possessed me, and were long and loath at going:
When against earth a wooden heel
Clicks as loud as stone on steel,
I saw the city's towers on a luminous pale-gray sky;
Beyond them a hill of the softest mistiest green,
Winter solitude--
in a world of one color
When you startle awake in the dark morning
heart pounding breathing fast
Rain and wind, and wind and rain.
Will the Summer come again?
The browns, the olives, and the yellows died,
And were swept up to heaven; where they glowed
WE take from life one little share,
And say that this shall be
Late lies the wintry sun a-bed,
A frosty, fiery sleepy-head;
All the complicated details
of the attiring and
The frost that stings like fire upon my cheek,
The loneliness of this forsaken ground,
Winter, winter, winter,
When are you going away.
There are strange and mysterious sounds
When the winds of winter blow,
When winter winds are piercing chill,
And through the hawthorn blows the gale,
When I led by zummer streams
The pride o' Lea, as naighbours thought her,
a happy man
saying,
You don’t need to help me please
You can go and sit in peace
I told my kids we'd see it, this movie, they couldn't wait.
We finally saved the money so we started on our ''date''.
“The whole world is watching
How Sister Bernarde is living?
Paragraphs,
of words to be.
What's keepng me
From writing better poetry
They say it's never done.
A woman's work.
They are happy because I have moved with them;
They remember that today I spoke to them.
The bonsai tree
in the attractive pot
All Things will indeed fall in place, for our God is a God of Grace.
All fears God will erase away, giving you comfort along the way.
My mommy told me an' the teacher told me, too,
There's all kinds of work that I can do:
Hair-raising novelty;
Unbelievable story.
A glint of early morning sun reflected
in the shiny waxed panels of the parked cars
I trace
with trembling fingertip
When Nature made her chief work, Stella's eyes,
In colour black why wrapt she beams so bright?
I’m well aware that they are laying poems
out on slabs these days – dissecting them –
The shadow of uncreated creatures
Flickers in sleep,
All week she's cleaned
someone else's house,
Though I have only experimented with it briefly, I am a believer in ‘Lucid Dreaming’
Do you ever create poetry in your dreams? Or do you perhaps compose music?
Sun rises and sets everyday;
Moon rises and sets everyday;
Attending the PMDS workshop today
a 46-page page performance document
Go work in my vineyard, said the Lord,
And gather the bruised grain;
Be still, be quiet and you shall see, the hand of The God of Eternity.
Just be still and know He is God, shepherding all with staff and rod.
gotta go to work
work work work wok work work work work work work work
the hours passed
so swiftly
Do I read signs that aren't there
Is that look in your eye a wanting or a pity
wish i could pull the
distance between us like a
A truck loads garbage,
Driver hums along, and sticks
What is life without difficulty?
Is there such meaning as simplicity?
How do you tackle your work each day?
Are you scared of the job you find?
Hunger is fasting always eating bubbles asking
for a people stick on which to chew.
Because no one could ever praise me enough,
because I don't mean these poems only
244
It is easy to work when the soul is at play—
just love your work
and tell you what
Work is
Life...
3-foot blue cannisters of nitro
along a conveyor belt, slow fish
Mamas don't let your babies grow up and work for Disney,
Don't let 'em wear mouse ears,
Around 1608; a pleasant day in Cambridge;
eight men sit round a table. Originally there were nine:
The body of the lingerneedle is filled
with hemolymph unconstricted except
Work, work, work..
sitting effort,
On no work of words now for three lean months in the
bloody
One lesson, Nature, let me learn of thee,
One lesson which in every wind is blown,
He
was a piece
She sat alone
in front of her computer screen
My heart is beating
I have a brush in my hand
Those hours, that with gentle work did frame
The lovely gaze where every eye doth dwell,
Those hours, that with gentle work did frame
The lovely gaze where every eye doth dwell,
Forget the past, however bitter be;
Tomorrow is yet in your very hands;
Sorcerer's Work
If all  the morning     became  identical,
Nothing is still, and we need to keep pace
With seasonal race, as earth itself works.
SPIRIT whose work is done! spirit of dreadful hours!
Ere, departing, fade from my eyes your forests of bayonets;
the light is fading out
we come together
Let your work be, bride. Listen, the
guest has come.
is by admitting
or opening away.
The love of a muse,
The pen of an artist,
When I got married I had a rubber lizzard that I had for a number of years. The lizzard looked and felt real. So I said, Tonight I'm gonna have a little fun with my honey bun.
I slipped in bed and put the lizzard under the covers on her side of the bed. When I lay there in wait for the fun to begin.
NOW all the truth is out,
Be secret and take defeat
A paradoxical ode, after Shelley.
I.
Every day can be lovely if you open your mind
Face life as it is, do your best and unwind.
That time catches up on us all is surely not a lie
He is too old to work and he is too young to die
He would leave early and walk slowly
As if balancing books
No thorns, limbs sashay longly, cheetah
walk toward
We stand in the rain in a long line
waiting at Ford Highland Park. For work.
I know that today I ran from you
I didn't mean to hurt,
Now that you work
I have suddendly found my self pacing about
I've got the children to tend
The clothes to mend
The woman singeth at her spinning-wheel
A pleasant chant, ballad or barcarole;
Each day I live I thank the Lord
I do the work I love;
Then a ploughman said, "Speak to us of Work."
And he answered, saying:
Work requires professionalism,
at all times in all set of conditions.
Today's poem, about
what? I asked for help at work
Work seems to be mandatory,
For people like me,
Hell is a place I have to go
Hell is a place that I truly know
Beautiful majestic
Wild horses
We struggle with it
under many names;
WHAT are we set on earth for ? Say, to toil;
Nor seek to leave thy tending of the vines
Let me but do my work from day to day,
In field or forest, at the desk or loom,
A work
is an act
When twenty-one I loved to dream,
And was to loafing well inclined;
Work is the curse of the working class
The rich just bide their time
Margaret Alice did not master e-filing,
her electronic tax form was all wrong,
1. Fun
Why would the sum of Tolylfluanid and
The Lord has work for all to do, prepared good works for me and you.
A work that is intended to Glorify, the One who on the cross had died.
Work, sleep, work, sleep,
Work, sleep, work, sleep,
Drive my car wear my jewels
Make me feel like the king of fools.
Wake, work, home, eat sleep
This cycle keeps on and on
Work Together*
Every creature on earth has feelings no matter the age
All Nature seems at work. Slugs leave their lair--
The bees are stirring--birds are on the wing--
Hammer closed the sale that day.
Your sweat man-profit of ways.
Work! Work! Work! And Reap!
Work! Work! Work! And Sleep!
Work is the means
Cessation of works
Work work and hard work
There is no substitute of hard work
Work in the morning
Work at noon
You work, work, work
To provide for, and to live,
Work
What should be just play
Many loves have come and gone, with many never staying too long.
But my love for you is un-bending,
“Bound to work”
She was ailing with pain.
406
Some—Work for Immortality—
You WILL work till you're 70,
all you sloggers.
